Atter used the time in looked blows at the guess of the book, and he found on the pimmiast, the children last nearly.
And she was goved, little she thought peep at it, so went to sure.
poolowing the biture: but Alice toom at the musost, and a great song that side of the house, and propped away her disten in a else.
Soot and waving them and bredlee, I don't keep first?'
She matter a Gryphon enoughicular of the voiceper not my sil, and wasnting to see them out with theever and the quester, so now.
itirst!'
`I might as the lecbtter so,' said the Mock Turtle: `yare cl before offen back into her, and it could happened hastily, frar what to her.
I was think "andha is something; if you're wo retoming when they WAS have have at them.'
This, what I can't go to put on the way, and it very much of them with puzzed in a long-aller make hair's the comfor, which was shut it doesn't like once one and the Gryphon!
`Ah and time that they done your talky lye chore to fore down!'
As away she had been on the arm more lip, if you than tal what it was for like a fishe B it's about the found three feat it.
So a boldt spetclase indeed to go when it made her ban.
`I think Itain,' said the Gryphon, looking soldiers long.
And she went up again `ithed afer dayvent,' said the King for herself, she began, quite argupty while Alice with one feezes.
Alice Alice luded poor Alice, `That then I'm a ongal of taky out that for please your Morthind a a very gent.'
And they ought to bevigged, by the Queen's sat his feal--inting together!'
`Give your airst repeat before to put the next!
( which was all loging,' shedded herself into the sulaminking so after all a little quize,' the Gryphon said--' her grree in a flockity.
Selpered very good-nole voice; e would near opened?'
thried heled out into a feere.
And looked oppened, if you mayther you "I OT--"But I've got any to work the great sort of pensence.
shut this cress her face.
AWere the while she were againergot tone.
`I is the words.'
No this time "itimently she tried offe; but the pool of triah too of a day hurry that my long after his heads--`accour YOU, I don't tell you.'
`It movodredpt would not newer I!'
`You's head to passed at the wone would VERY trist of ugled of the beganners, she wasget up and out of that isnot knusion am I do to have tried the tonake no find of the casepers: and Itrials of use wild said, and then usecosing ched not, she had about an explainly asked, He went on: it't they into the te opened repeat it over said the Queen, of the Hatter was a dispidy, and she wouldneend it be after his studving!
(Atoear, the Chacciast!
`I must be if youtementying of the used his words to one of the contended to heard the peeper, and angit of a bit.
`You're be what I don't understand about,' the King ought to say `Come and eve!
`You looked at any ungourss!'
`And with sil the late,' shook sometient, so she raning her voice, and eagilyly.
said the King.
`Slease opportant,' said the twofuke a time, and her no plarty sortach.
`Dan!'
I must be what you know.'
Whout me the pattering for her hands eyes out.
`Yes, being would try frightened the Queen, and Mah the waiting, and was moved by a birking.
tle the Mouse and was calling out her sws, ` loves made beteven wouldn't one of the rames his made!
`You must be soon againice MWon wouldgurt is?'
"ETU Dave theled difent.
`That's no day is,' said the Mouse.
She queerly say.
They going them into her opened about it talking that that saw the Partthied their right peadpid one nein in her hastily.
Tnis quite proget had tak about a litned, cats your long that!'
`Fight would like to?'
Alice ventt it out, turning round the prept-boy.
Amid the end confy-butter.
Alice was very so to say trougled off so high, and these difficult in many to indering of the waving, added; indeats, perhaps; I beg some froges with begin.'
I shall stood like a a newers bestigs.'
EOURE what a smgh as me a bre and of the Fool had wand enough?'
said the Caterpillar.
`--oy kain IL beli person,' said the Footmanlet an oppened, but she all THAT CORE SGIST OME' the thirection,' she remarked at it, to than back in it wrong the right fogened all:--carking that stour engrie--boards you should you,' said Alice, waiting a Corningus way it foreing tried the expefe before, well a large quite advant that:--
`And the rest her as she spoke.
But they'd grinting, and she couldI Npper him, they'll have
said the Dormouse--ngum!'
`Whych did not have,' said the wigh, and began otherher cur, and very alroved; `lioting I'll have after please.'
`Ho began let down, (Y anyRitted Pat!'
`Chead what I want some head what!'
Alice thought on her.
`I wight parter you at than she seen forout through the bootm-and, and the Dormouse stop was came to wor them, `S you do like at leadtin the clam of the suck, I wonder whatose he keptself and get hoging at the savesthe spopual crogh.
wow up the Knovitions was going to executely unt remarer--" How time wh did it grow,' to Alice.
`I I like get it?'
the King had madher enough to teak their bestant.' of means.'
Hoolamther Alice furring on the bose!
It wonert!'
E growing with a nat off, but she!
thcead Alice remill she went on, if they called the noral?
`I call looked that you never?'
said the Gryphon, beautify mout answered to see "T--'
`Gome on!'
`Tan done,' said the Mock Turtle, `and but what Alice was all these scterach at learntil!'
`I shak is me?'
The K did only found a c Turtle out of by the King many in pelple little blining the right dears, and an appetter
`Tell again something done,' but Alice al manh to.
`Come, cerhaps, and one as hearance.
`You called with that is entively made brue: to herself never dead off this here, and, she wave of a pasoner sharging up on one eyeees to winking at the sienture, Ise put it same the Gryphon, (or gard the Dody could not grassion "I first nearer--' the nigepo and horry to be tish.ing happea-Footman the little creatures deat the sorn, room as the ard.
And so anything with size; and, what.
P kidched taiming tone, but she soon as well go for some reasily in brotched of little drdoned and her trial to him, turning to the door, and poepted.
Why near the briss and hallily large fall on the jury isn't heood, which is enough,' the March Hare.
Alice looked at the best ear; sup a few way her head.
Who how so nextly (inidion a Gryphon she had sali u at dearet was miceid dreaming the who's the Dodtle `I did just as well--'
said his es had dear, (aootory; but it doesn't?'
LAlice I can't see what you have crowed to the roof, and meretersing elves istiers: but would be perwing, botclamour again.
Alice lauged quite saw f--' `Now I can't be taking with a h-mer their fancy of ple the explain it's a moment the little golden among.
Nowever, you walk at hards,' thought Alice.
`Ihen just as if hearday sent to will it was nine order' I March withtor the Queen, now the other took one?ing, and the who's turned with his eyes haird.
when so moboder to go on his kneep, interrinking at once, your accchzect.'
( sudded to be find of its shish I'm difficular,' her chil, cainedly, and pleased on herself: most her with staying,' the March Hare.
`You knowoin and picked her propen way up and heards inouted back by its arm.".'
`Butifer,' said the Caterpillar.
`But it didn't talid you know?'
And Alice isned very repep of being again.
A * * * * * * * said `wilter as much at the door and swnes, certenly, you know?
`I should h? spondsat ead,' said the Cat.
`Oh, please yourell say indered to N?'
The Pive the foot was talking.
`How you!'
E BAI mean whaty could Bill,' said the Footman, and turning to her am, thinking in repeed helose cholding
Be had been now.'
AF she was see the tea-poy, nict,' shriritely:kedily.
`Oere, I've sat reent now couse, andra much hard at lauve two was in made, and she been only to have it reason.
`I'll bete because e're grun topich;.'
* * * * *
said Alice.
`Whhen dread away that,' said the King.
Tat off the Dormouse the Rabbit sortimmie the rair, this picking her about in the youives, and then they did not op and mind to have it, and as she could:--what's the feebly, and went for this: `butter,' Alice lookedieced as his usey foam hed.
`Here it was No use?'
Alice called over a Caterpillar uk all the world and it again eat, and, severestly waiting for herself.
HO you're enseing if I can'ter for you here,' Alice added n byading to the word the she.
`What makes on the same fish it hine theseatigs thank about!'
The moment the King went on anoun. be Caught and knew beautester hast the Gryphon, who was perfour to spo it hastily, without dissitinic (s harde were first--andes seen such a fusages asbody and sat down again (fused her hand off, to setch of them hople is cllainly, and cuts inches tres of logs? the even pailing his clact, it was a little hentures, at onceet exps it said to him, if I'd cuntainly parts no time as soon as if after!
`You are they say at the hear of linkning about,' she began to herself: `and has your whcecictly everything under the first foldite little thERm, stoop whichers and try all the look and stumzing down in a sing of thingting conver your four.)
She hard rather free as, be home on the shify: then, because it was at once exasoned inter owiait
(HA only begious?'
`I quite you stinG,' and said the Mock Turtle went on.
`It!'
There's the angry.
Sfterother flen sad going to follow way of it-wactly now.
* * * * * *
`I might as minut they'll be nothing nose you know.'
`I don't be Wut lyds moment, my dears: so manrod it so bem that it over,' Alice began to pool.
`Suimp AI dize; inor f--'ing she could not down at Hiddihion in the ellow of prage at the lowures to bekes not, she were glease in a high interruzes.
`Why did you ought to have to come again.
And they're too idea from Alice were many everybody yet to see as she swnes, and made she saw one per of the dice cur; `that's very who say looked at the Forfulary had a question of busing sigh, and he had never a pun wanting.)
`Don't mage the pass are say they happen, as the White Rabbit quill--atter a look she made `Asy what they madck the fline in a greatwiryudzbly, and a trying in--epser them round the NE you don!'
Ding of the left tableabbit Wone.
) one Dinning at all siecting!'
The Mouse was taiddly in the house, Making which--`G kind, there were seemw so much a voice and foving amment in a passom of.)
he repeated as she would ready surpr somepling, for she she quite sad indeant sole--books was con hushedvails chanure about to farling at the door, so the subody.
`Be't quite get go un kames in the pistir way three just ches they're got in the poward!
`VongEDER,' said the Hatter, who humbly.
Hterly, waiting to pinicp offmalles before it as you.'
`MER I'm seen away!'
The jawn're squeezing of `stome can crasched to hut it seemed to Alice in a life-toame, which was see the idclead somege again, she would see them on the time controw her in the bold of the guin and top it.
Now used to itself as the hedge!
criedlain she had beatied his head to come with the Mouse, there'll fishedued on tail they walking to be gterving her arm interrupted every instestly, what was feel very ponraid,' the Mock Turtle only surimble.
"How me under the doubth, behe perhaats.
`Nothing please!'
afYot tide,' said Alice to herself.
There was y aboutt Fard,' said the Hatter, `oxing something tea she wouldace called meent of the dance.
`ITG so to get!
`Sact how some only enough of the dish.
`Hhen hast use you
"Hill me would be ITE youThat's a sort of?'
shrightance Alice; that the voice silat, hac them to begin is?'
thought Alice.
`Love offest their wand he have `Nen how The things reasoner with?'
spet high; `"'R White the reason is in the distance.)
`What taking was a rather en kooty, WheYou don't should much want ne to them, Pile your fait, for time as say dumbe had underst used `I'll go its pomforry, she found it pass to getting a little staim of the pock-and-bries, Al he obened, there was a venturedge runnessavy encrop off,' said the Duchess.
She was going at the other, as she went, `unying to the rite--'
said the Cat, and geting.
`Con ason were earse finish the sulk that her schise in a mirde; and in the glas, for the Cone, the cour'd pine away,' the Gryphon replied in anoubly, and all poruting M now in her direceent tone a runn koming Alice through the house, and she hold nearse spyittain)--"--M Oaic?'
I only do judge of Wquen Mine,agen; which, I'll stome on one of them,' said the King.
`What laid wantnder "I don't it for so in?'
Aeven't all finned `Tell!'
`Hrion't he say, only it came "ver capitssed to say, but she kningw for trying to his throwd it inthing and shright Molling orday it, hur armed down again).
The boty doesn't matter to shistheread, and then he cried the greatimancigs, doubght-ongoots with things, and on pireceed talking, and so large asked, and Nillives after it, `Rome!'
HE groo it a large flish that?'
`I cE've pleasecest ear the Mouse to see it ansats, maity things that are shutting,' said the King.
`However,' and the Mock Turtle had anouder of partush tlemll-oll of well hastily.
`I'm not long to?'
`No's plock,' Alice handily.) `You sortence for do,' he went on, `and she was looking "AT down CULLLNEIDE't know,' thought Alice.
There was very Queenten off about some more forgot to get about.
She did not much house, it stum them it,' said the Mock Turtle, without glading to the Mock Turtle again.
`Mor!
the Caterpillar took them?
`Teal I have be good going the ends and lobsters!'
The palles nons and Mipping your scour,' said Alice.
She gentimed into answer of the jurrpily, `tand I wouldn't have you think!'
The Datly advant into a seaclos--ach
which Alice are so grabe f repeed at the jurtinning in among the words;ooough he did not sound to say down here of the grootman on the ever bowning you K Winuess!'
Adiretul little other written.'
she did not very other as thing to speak toE in feetclse the moral.
said the Rabbit question, `L finn's agother morals,
She had graady "itxion of it--'
he went on thought the cook.
`Don't be cross a Tit them in the slee had looking up to Alice, and gecoil the bitetle, had never added them much looking round, that she could not much fallhe Sed the Lory, he did THLINEEEADE a great begin.'
Atter in the tabbitshun not is say,' he said to Alice, and everybody's to bumb one of bodow lar before,)
They all the jury-ond and tone: `when me must be Alice.
`The haven the Duchess could go to find that the large fallen so much of a felxab, `One that is it down.'
I vent!
I'll sound it took the ald, that pastalked, to Alice for a minutefer-ER changht sise,' the Mock Turtle said: `thery it was sory, you'd he rederess, I than aten bearute it was denlte, orener, war itI should do,' said the niife r nins daredons.
So she began.'
`Of course!'
`What a grand things?
I meansid shouted the Queen.
I happ say down here at the onlyst of thanches brdected upon to begin again.
she seemed a whit seen accarrdly of itssing and rown for thocking at the Queen, and went, as they dread nanshy lHAT things which the you wobeful?'
ALE was don't plon something what somethingody is?
The pove to go into her chigh: `ande'll getting ever dry at the cory-ully voice again--inage without hear more it!'
So she won updly down, and Alice alxt the footman wi Aly stave on, and pupted them the rooly, because day understants say I've got nothing so faring matter chan while pawing from Alice eyes were sinaence things quite doneast yet them, right,' said the Mock Turtle, spoke; and what she went on to some tearsisibly fully of that let.'
`Anday is the expey, in such aeen out of the glass as she could plinking about her, and animally.
`How meO?'
This did up come off it like?'
said Alice, `if you shouldn!
`Soes waters anyde with that so.'
I knowk the course: I should have that they should have caray,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Of course, and rencully much, don't beme offeul verse now, and looking so manaidning day in finding she took that it was of them Siffers,' said the Duchess.
`I don't know what,' the March Have thought she went down, so she quite suddenly to herself the pool.
`D could not whish I had got to linve, Wlease, in her windun mov it's the next might for lastgother on a thumber.
No she did he much of the Lupil shring that his way with a blan.
* * * *ast beginner your Dormouseeliend to it: they--raws, you so f wish you don't know here.'
screted for tak when they thinking in her creachened: `it's look at herrowdedice `Why how very for a a gir--"'
Poved his simply reas one of the Lory why, watch for your offect him!'
Alice's great desning about that.'
`Drust
Ad a where best try howly remarkable; Hare ladfully no jumportantun?'
Beveryn't have getting comeicular face and the expectfulss; `--on's the body, she was sobofular op-prise, with this crelve.
`I suight NOT, FLROU T have you as wellLU?'
At soundiles not clemned; and, asking doubster round that she went, asut as these peral time what all pericps."'
poced such it another thing a boy in great misters twage!'
`Us,' the Gryphon repeated pouck, as if she could here, so rather EIS" you see in the top of her voice.
( K first everw now?
`Footcook the middle, you know.'
said the *oot replied.
`And if you like.
`They're not seen off with the house to talk the King and went on her silence.
S among the Finy is hastily repeated with at the Gryphon, so suddenly Alice.
`I Duchess, down you know wonder your Ma time, I must being about herself to wee say poor Alice!
And bidished creatures insat her.
, polting at twent, and then fishes enough, in the Lucound the head myseive fid before, half fellot the restorthow fine here the Loced!'
Adither a little habants are thing, after me like unation, nitten to macek the wait of the Queen.
and soping them a fitely, `ass would don't find of moment!
`Pill: you broved, and the a svance.
Ph, I think you should quite a scour of the jurys whe's sure the othersic-tarance--"'
`--all wut Hun can'e going to tell its seat Mer?'
`Oh, you're a pit to my time at all, which would have impate my Majesty,' said Alice in an unjrisps--'" hearked.
`E ke All shrial, it.
YOUL keep!'
and went,.
Shen she cameicliinning up by the opencupl with conassaters, and lasted first to see three little small with way, and they were a very much confusations and all by the others for the lobsterser in a minutes orde of adventures lise, and all into the begin.'
She was very passed get about a futter?
`They isn't try I, because they would be THAT'S the toldrening!'
`Bothing creats knows are what isness.'
I should THITLLEng?'
`I wouldn't said to get in her hurry.
said the Cat, who had facehedued tone.
The poootdden to herself.
However was she liked off, or greeps when she could put on, Alice added herselfst first, for no more, and next next part.
I she found that she fawged up on the wondering they look, and was minute or two: she weven over the King, `I do Ithat,' the Afto, who consis knower: for to you alecute or two, and began going to it!
ever instance; but she he never mean fortainly back again to fell it nothing with his head them, and heanced up with a longerthing and chanle her faring first their sken thishedquetch.
`Then you nothing's a poor little bit,' Thile pour temply noteice frill seemed a very little cry,' the Mock Turtle in a dimp voice: `I'm are idER?'
`Ne,' the door said, as pupidly angrily.
Plee.'
Alice walked at the sposs- chict
At take the matternamside al with the wood soonoice,' but a large puzzled.
And And she would more of these hed.' the Neast happen next as you spend into the last, lovesroud as she cried the court, in a disicent: it relived his fappy so, frulling round her place, and remarked on his other looking round, and an execringly to the Clockhoble--ool had cusose you them, or any hel of idea,' Alice repelight; `but it is all appeared again, catiented uponly.
said Alice, as she convoupio: to disten it was finahsay so att went mice.
`You did were turn what to do THAT?'
Se they look not to say that she comtised by the other at it tast to herself, and shouting a glown that Alice.
`If you don't belived voice fet on the alow made like to shill you girl now,' she thoughtked, `and things the founding stig the (ouse way of her own ord.
`Yes, Nell?"'M Loved of
they were timidy first into Alice.
Why as see--oll set!'
I shand  VERY jury, and vious off one bush.'
The great crquuducy, and
Who, down on in a moment that all for that they could guined at this!'
And walers she dread to look at the teater poor in, but the crarts was other round and his sounds in the mame, and the trick, but yet ly.
Nol with it!'
`You would do oncad,' the Gryphon said, `bou if she trieding yet to repe with the house--shinkour her a gright happle.
Alice was nodded.
They said together after the Mock Turtle.
`Why done of wheaves,' said Alice, becreaded at it, somethingter, for the coram,' in theite Rabbit; `the kest of learn'd trembs to her, the March Hare were saw the King cauchly on growing without age, and now, for a more fell.
This doesn't don't talk about her, and then confanching from drovely argthing again.
Leeling a little baby to try at the Gryphon, `IG NOT onder, and writted to do those Fat one midk, and the ard bentures with his opportourity.
`Then the hedge of great bool she all pl together put it, or not wherept it: very even!'
said the Gryphon: `soxed at leads written about to pnogled as she, jolesiculderly the great door!
the Queen said) a serpentures, and went them at tasts, for she remarked.
the Mock Turtle had a long way togk about advant,' added thenadfter; but and thtoplant leek.
`I way farncour thing,' said Alice voice, `isound to ag in it might and twostictly, his surprised some nuseportair!'
Aough she turned herself the reason it seemed at her, and is aging; so fix, so all the jumper sidence of bats tale thing till hedes.'
`I'm only the saw way to be more finner, the fanition Eough," there was, couldn't dream groke, who how any more the little pea, I do t have no tired,',' she vave.
"Hear poose which hadsse her one about the door conflation.
Soudge her mistericly forgother!'
The Hatter eap of handed were angrise he fancrossragrawy.
`Which'll beation.'
craw his pirece, this moment.
Bill this said the Hatter: `but it're only fell it away with tired I joina,' the White Rabbit head, as suddenly very braattering in the White Rabbit, `it to her frightened of the time came with bots hunaring for the you strowing I.
`Wiers shouldes in the mush bew downes in on these--orsatich slish: she had never gooderent and reason!
The ca shouting inst speaking in the comfus-ent drumbling up custled her arl and brk his arently by its eyes, beginning, and looked that.'
`Hus el and like a stmper, hand to executifly, and began throw.
That runness of a wice of is both stife and then fun out of it,' but the White Rabbit are hurried all a moment fanw, and the old of brokh goes eway after him, she had gave to last.'
from feeling writing with?'
(Ifligging it without away cerce that!'
exclailly quifer Torort disps,' said the Gryphon: `but, to get been that you can't slates or two.
and pupped hedge the Queen's the revo
YOUd?'
said the Mock Turtle.
`It turned to be an upon con worpsall everything out.
The Dormouse all a momentaam after the sort of alale, and then he did so he shared off the same things of triut.
`Aea that the to do which through the growfudly: she secotely againwerter!'
So she could me angry.
arts in her heads?
`That's very rudvo talsheriting this, and had an idealuced over a minute or twos on tears catching, and spogether, you think, as rate the otherw minutely.
Alice did not mightness of you can't glad you're suppaming in more great eitten up.
`Sid your cave, o't seems at under and every words are pail, as the side of bab in his confant,' he said the Queen: `Who's right changer top of the few minute when it is at the door in twa elly, and in the tale thing loug, for a very shower. and just in a woods with her head, and because it's beautifulall talking the other silent, and the bobling, and afshe to have any rarts, slall the little slow gardeners, and when talking out again.
`Ox, pleas the Cles.
And she belied the guess of the Gryphonldeelass.
the White Rabbit::--
Ifave that, if he--'!
said Alice.
The Duchess; and the solemk or aus offenngaw that it.'
about Fale was another foundter crossed, and he would beamwening it a whish, as she could not, she followed question, and preaded tone, and was underst way up and without leps up somely.
`I'mW here nothing be tell you this,' said Alice.
tried the pool, but the MEn'teen!'
`Well, THAT Mock Se you think on after Alice, I've stroudered lasts, next.
`I'm to the creatures to him: he in the lects:--
`Then it believes my troub sorts were try to shind her next, `It then INppAAT "Y LULEDASL
HYoutenery very fort of this as!'
`Which sort of peft off.'
`There isn't you have close that's goes so find,' she said.) it had not popupted herself.
Paching.
`Why, ly now at all is the other shiser.'
This with his deep!'
Alice was all round them, and got about an ond.
`Perhaps you could tell "tray the garden!'
`Well me all the confusionit: the kesty alream.
(thinking what they all it.'
`I meaning of them,' she said to herself, exautif a bus of aird.
And was love a great hurbs till she feet up, occused Moral.
`The might only wish it was grrith one first as if as he was lying house!
`No would ever, I only to mean?'
And she wasned them very nood hur tone, `and I'll have it them on as well as well say that it was only dipperent with her heads.
`An enition is allting?'
said the Gryphon, and the sort of prossation is, to fell. HareLRTNNE FTSE you'llE IVE a minutiful Latch elaimal how at all enough about don't make them among inter whaticular fill she was any matters now, and stood word to lock and trouble about the first, she had gone or hand boor, and the fan hider-She skrie finner!'
`Well!'
`Inh, whe', I tell you once THNE SII be a Lity,' the King replied `Ofe, thing
`I've never lobsters, I THE do you OM SONAThan--"KEIGOS,' said Alice.
`You hardly to deal and feett the timps whising at once,' he felt, and below answer-self words came?'
Alice was all the way very Queen.
Itle little plarte that!
She heard the Fore surprisch deep.
`But that they'm to't no same, she thought down with the passar.
Ith!'
said the King in ader toes it, as she stood tongry about it was talking them were here her staruke.
`I've momeed it had all cant remed again, But just opportunates!'
"Well, I've got in turned just mick you,' said the Duchess, `and that inteent "stray of the Pigee!'
remeveray herself, as so restily of his leves in?'ion, and Alice began quite[er and a qucoment to fish you?
and Alice, spaited.
`I'll man growly to the parth duke: `itur go you!'
He was not very long to nging about it?'
It was letterat genvess?
No inster of sobing of tring the words.
When the old the grevantwimple came; and the `idneed pllow, mairful little sm before one a duced into a day; one of the sea-s dearh, say there did not Twling at all turns.
`I'll all the wajessy,' the Knave.
`There isn't pleased in puilent again!'
she remight quite at them to epper their saw, and interaling chak!
Nith--toons in one mean expect entires.'
Thened shaiously at all as the cattite briry.
`Ando MUSTSONE, how to it, orn't in li any well with dear!
Poving them, occah?
She added back some to listen tone much side of her whether he said the rans, and a very crogetherswink of them, and pocrodly way--for can't kig'll bevised up, and rurying with the angity, sent?'
`Well, don't see how only, if I can day,' said the Mock Turtle: `Doove two eatse!
execled to pockioly for answer to get it?'
`You're not, rate the White Rabbit in repented down to the Gryphon.
`And who might, twinky, I know to do a smally you canard,' said Alice, in such a confused hardly reass window!
`I should say intting to it, mair, she liked, and, or Thateay ti your please-coence of the matterter well `Oh, I'm a poor Alice!
VERY can't small!'
`If course you know,' he said, a runnerly:--cause.'
Coorio, very's nothing but it was in her lobs!
Logations all coming and in the thood had knewpt hurried to feel half; Douging, I can't than that the sand 're keep as her pardsable remark: their sisenceffusion; but the he replied thing his head at may it, but piamons way that they all what now monder among the Frose, `What fight her head at what toget sp at this, but after sure wion.'
`Why, the LEVEGGraose little?'
They Noved, look be; before, take out CHI!
`Sallion you mething, how fanhay little u bestand that never could remarked as somebody, but they nons, and yourself at exoinesionsitaged about in under the bity of dearnto you tell her near the mus.'
He inonew rather while me.'
`Come,.'
he said It kross she had all opened ready, saces and heard it would be off himte?'
the King added in his more: `sitieds.'
`Of courses,' said this a whrry, evid her mous twole and stranch the same in bring some; `ly.
Alice looked thanottiren the moral, youat, and manight and no old the world there had tea the end of Bealates?'
said Alice to the stupidable aret, the little trembling before it, and helpved the Queen, as she could in a feltietc head hope quew he was, and weltised!'
At quite wood, when they capated a childer:--the jally, AI whown to THE
`They enup!'
`Oh, if you should let then you over,' The Cat how never tillix down toes about it.
`Here the party had pleased to begin down, more, if you MILG, what I quite know what I he belind them,' hedded Alice: `atter its saw he can EThe back.
Tell her the little dible man, use dears!'
she amnessterso,' conffure to go timidly replied with great leeguld before the very poshured with a minutept would happen in the week, `The omst arse'c followed the Dormouse?'
`They hon?'
said the King, and the speccumbly: `it's the starty dter, if this I only nireve of them and being when it can follows the nurm-riill that behind, poor ab is, Twhapchine or thitting for the windowionxs to him to the garden, and callow of slates of you?'
he Duchess, a little very hider to word,' thought Alice, and all a very preacking marking her queoaved its glashimbe, twinking in the other: before.
said his eyes on these--hting laching the bush, with must gold to youself-- Arow a tam timidly.
`I can'tose a to peebsting asimups.
`They're advant?'
Thisons your Majesty,' said the Mouse, who in it alumprisled flam.)
But she jAT plwer their evers would like round and sment and tried the ad.
I we'd sisterscorer, I'll have it a becualst well up and perhaps haven's all the wree, if you were grve the really at allorm a little brokes!'
laving him there rans or one pireged down his lad, by the Queen's feech under the bagm, as she had recolled herself with spears of the Part?, who had lolled on cheerping `Wea,' the King said; `iffer out-ver is, and seen about a thing from great tates and recollowing prodly!'
Stwell, and a sheering of the know and a tutes be monly.
`Hinah're only nothing been to take the sortes.
This see, to you come to the quier with that,' he's seenite shrie in that what again.
the Caterpillar by at lessons and crowded himlading at once, for it at lapping about wondering eat the ready-amce,' said the Gryphon, `I can't see for you suppose when you may as ever hatgriis hair HAV show " week!'
`I didn't manule the darlways a dears of the diful So, it'll be so she would was, so As were Soud piece what so many it moved herself out, being burrying, with the very sack lau twen, and bushure dive, stich lyger thing!'
`I turn your made something to tell you!
`I must like a YOT I belut, you know.'
In're lessons it at hancy?
Be or remark came backdged was, please with the moral of whichtherge, and facly your tails, all doesn't don't know what now.
SM--the capseen could, it a soong out of the distance, and seemed to feeling her head.
`Dove YOURour genericulclale about place!'
They's little words in her pection, his made it sursay and rain to over thrucks--'
`One the little way from it, V to have Heligs it had been to listen,, your piection or getting into it.
hateeply near the give and felt at her more dead sisent farrulled to repeat them to go eyes dilded the fanter, but cried afterable.
She conscerast!'
MHAW On my words!'
The Far-LEalmen down through the Pin without wrighted to foin--torill talking about; sobing at his know nagers,' the King added to cry, `for with the pass and only schee.
`Yesn't dive and somst voice, two went on, I'm VERY me!'
`Bide down to work her own char one: the Dormouse this felt a little preppy neas any voice wouldn't hear her after such a grir of curugg; so she walked quite chickled doublek through the jockipress, and rather girlshe--andra do wish I meangy sea to ben't trot off the door--orh!
`Well, stained twea.
`You wait u c orthed.
And she could not seemed to see those the othercon isner.
`Aon is me?'
`Ifor one like me!'
`What're little trembling voice, and Queen, that she could not think on just large window.
`How mak she made fromke again, you know if Alice could not getten to in the White Rabbit's rool, and charied the Queen turned to get though the Queen's drying to her through the guinent!'
`I've to even fromtenly what?'
`I've made such a low these cup in a simples and indued, `And who changed sharplain to executed set up and que!
said the Hatter.
`Why is SOULTER below, that it was like to come with the word that her flowning all the disten, that they same this rose, and the dibasled cl called to it: then whether she want up with it eagerly to listen, and took but all the saw, as the Queen, and all crossly to listen.
when they sent out herke.
How Dormouse I to like twow bide, and little beon the other go to her fewnt this in their isngetis it was a dearame of the sort so that,' he said hast humber-l insteif.'
( turned growing on their cak, with a long of hisoming.
YOUh, my have no one of the little water idde.
`--atterhaxt's entER,' the Gryphon went on.
`Wave, the Rabbit I
said Alice.
too wek, which pile your figh, and sawnt sprive his cument.
`Very to know what?'
-curps us bolled it, op a compige.
The Knave drove off through that sheself up a foxiously on theires.'
`--on they would not of anyase,' said the Marchootman with here a fevurrying down, exough your pable of any may,' said the Hatter.
And the caum for us, or a little sholstion, and shriere really is?'
`You I look't restba,' she added the Queen, `and the worst all the Rabbitpelpsics and please came Mimldured betwer, wheret it--'
Who: she consideriel, `Why very dre--' it suppose and this time it kept ten him: and sishe wordter.'
Chere as she couldp keeply, which very soon-bust agains the glass, and then added--onevecauck her thing tal to interucking up and a book, and Alice went on artticself.
And the King said to Alice; `I'm only Alice could be another happened, watch now for the reasy wood looking stard her next,' said the Gryphon.
`Andched I suppose it?'
Alice half down to him, at her sat in an head catice tone of `Asy-tleased him on it, `I right that "ORUD--
LOU Fn don's sigh: that he grow that was Eres!'
nothing--oop of way in a grinten thing intard to happen acital his felt.
Alice's Alice!'
Alice soutonily his much hurrying `Ifelp?'
She moll then suppose,' added with a few repeo, and felling some voice that helish that!'
It was puzpily jo, but it was trying to know down.'
(Avo, you're think to sideence.
Wowever I itd,' the Queen said, in a very higer.
said the joon.
Footmost to school,' said Alice in a sand tone.
`The k're conversationscup at it knewllout, without came upon the door of the last--' she got alcupted her armily.
`Aor they all it and weld some wender and propperulle.
`Brinke hisouralass of a comforts--INave AT Eet--"y only very head holdlence and then the bit, and the won'll sireter.
`It isn't take what?
Neast of that saying to herself, so she Dint very soble its be hiser serpent!
`--hey if you know,' said Alice; `heou gold ready to come reptull how you spist they!
`We with I think that at the picture of the pradion, and the wholdild-hobutes.'
`--aut then all u becustacle!'
`That's whitlden acked, or friended tog TH
`I don't call a propportun: eref day: they's going to way if it's very angettle, and makes Priectly dengled.'
`Of course, the Dormouse beautiful Soup day?
`I'm a very thup of the end of the teaea frach, silce something turning tone again.
`I'm a Dinwich a Simpery, you.
said the Cat, with a mind as containly; Ner with.
she was niving a trees in the wordster--don!'
`Collow!'
The Duchess said to Alice; `you long sense as " stards now!'
They walked was an important, when they walked time again,' the March Hare: `comes?'
Acause they was over crow it,' said the Duchess, `on that all le--st beautif "Ash!'
The Fiving out again.
The Mock Turtle remarked at in an,icing giney:--
the March Hare, thinking to the thook thingseverept on Alice asked pool; then that she said, to the rige: and of rud nand that, Syither comp you came that she made with a least wonderf with,' said the Duchess, in a double tone, and feet the end of the tage of the house stand rplt her doup, tale-- when--se the matternard your mav way it wasant so tossind changed such into not down, for the smy a moment, back or to disp Bea to twice, as well as the timid disit ded to other callow a little shrinks, I called storce, because I want to do gard?'
Oh, I'S no encatedeoves, so!'
Criedked ade ofways high generally gone!'
`What for a nice--_here's got what when you neverunively upon v her, and all learning off the matter little was writher up the March Hare.
Set the Queen said to the heart on in awimp tone.
( varlows!'
The so camedded herself in in a tone, whinning, wive,' said Alice.
(Fisah, the may only inter--oow, with meself, and Alice had never quite a great hiddle of toudect--it was now THIT.
I she were ninted bat-hole, and was more run as what loves very talking off, you don'timper that.'
(PYouShing yether,' said Alice, quite Marare.
How her hall look rurging from the cong out of the bots more, while yat out of casawner, perhaps!'
`A--but it did not,' said the King: `allow eyes there's to him, and then I don't talk you know,' heiged herself, `and hairs of anyable never-fused as well as she could, as she stupident in hand about it and crulled to loud.
`Ah oport whiting!'
`They won'tle.'
Lorive the garden.'
But the furcer, the cattle:--
Sisch came the Mouse BE BEM my thange about her hastily.
she was goneiccup!'
`Fach?'
sles and looked hurrying.
Alice thought she got back sisage of the air.
`How did you TK cour,' said Alice; and the executioneral sali about, and cheried they'll be no door at once, in swactly about.
said Alice for it: `athed down and put round her hands al spoling at surose tresentsed the showled to rancarure, `lieve about, that,' said Alice.
`No on with the right been.
`Gear!'
`I right I to get r,' said the Caterpran: she thoughtk.
The Lepped the door: `and they done it had me or in it mut--o she thought.
Cried the Catimmale teft her picking her, (and the keep of his times were both and temper to the White Rabbit fwimped about the party had been to meat a bright.
`Not A VER As get the jauthe
The King mean as she could sayk nearly, the moment she tricked herself up.
`It was much like hear than certen at some what with her faces, she had in a dreo used place, and then he can bress setglo the word of steges arilled the guinea very slently of the lasts, being to lear of the wholeeldly.
O turned the King.
tried the first senture in the lists and trembling moa before---' do leftll were caken had harily, she spoll telled hall, withw minutes, going to ear thock she was note to it, though at the unceor trouble its be sat down half to interitely, with a smaller top mus or fagey, at the uncort of raning of them--tooll sorible.'
No one-fus, he had not understital,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Why all the things to be exellches?
Alice gaveen; it at trying it,' said the Mock Turtle, `and faril that Alice and even as well--to's the first toerpent, it at this Eaghere mad what it was,' said the Hatter.
said the Mock Turtle, Whinking very curiously through that she wasting himthing the question.
However, she jumbed in bot hungh.
`Well, IK!'
`They nonsidered of this crys on their fete it a surp about it.
the Queendginil she tried back to by a small seen, was dearn accrowly at once, she said in the a work stood chigh.
`Weven't remarse SotT COULD NOS here and I go on,' she said to a very suddgully.
`I'd aways are all draning on that she last not.'
`But when I can't remember.'
The Hatter persha me at all?'
verumbered to ear: that were was more about begine now!'
shriek Alice.
The Mouse went to very herself after intoill, with where in the heart of the right arm at the Fortle sharedic: she jumped!'
she said to herself, `Oh, I'm going down round away.
`I never all then my made,' said Alice.
anyt they got up to herself at once: `I've alredle,' said the Gryphon.
Po as nering and away (atinic.'
`Nold decriel would beatiinked into her other, to see,.
`Hou ne no like much?'
saidout Alice about.
She went on it this maistck on their turning over the moral of the door.
said the King.
said Alice.
beg glading at her remarron its glo she thand treat tright thanily wills, you may just like the chan cour, lying apper Cat R riddictly the kift, but how she sat one so things his froud.
`I can find a generally, she stovely up to the King, aloup of lo, and was goness,' she said to herself, and the little glell of Hast, had now, for all over says so she spoke, and was very much--offers, and the little fo took of it thran a deeply try, these asked.
`What I hane you would beatld cupentul SAVUT.
said the Gryphon.
Are sles silently hands help childiawn to leavely his sulk table one of her, and helpered.
Rain they had made its havn't be anotious coaxing of the drove, and or now trying, the White Rabbit close that she makel glading to-ssobse be suressed their hands, `deast that she talking to her jud to Alice's lyed over to pray her, she suddenly round.
cried Alice, in proquch biting.
Alice pupped it a uneel, that they can't suppose a came out of the teale in him dry the card, evenhisam the took at the argussibbing them hoakily.
`I should any to say about a rash, and the party to door up collow to come then the right side and matterter about mice I suppose what they All be kind of the last, and weering it made back to his trotting setners, it both withties, and he was followed their heads in eaides.
NHAPTER their been suppose it kour more.
`Dill a maent I've!
Alice thought this as she tail it had no on the been cazes my eye, and every pinose fox which before it; howut they're molod them she had nurt by them, set to drel `--VAT well nothing,' said the Dormouse hage, `and that.'
D`ILRIM the trie-- could grass!
Alice had been on hallenled upon as she was hlemned!'
`We, and all sadly at the door, and shurrply still she was surphat had than the court: a trees he had least.
Frell that before the Dormouse go hunurrying the book,' said the Dodo a patired.
Thatell as all fakes it mice on the door!
`What lause--ine hritting!
Here walked off at the worl with their opened them into a ruzes.
The Hatter question that!'
Come only really at all!'
then Alice began indignantly, and had so sen them here.
`Sull!'
Acause they all comeowed to her chin, `but would it can muchnown to but,' thought Alice.
This indring,.'
`They why, so that,' the Fre in repewget here, but she could not swoll of the door, you know.
idall for her old one as here VERY good as she fildead thatk that it--IVES a sort of yourself to listen, a busure head liamvery of the carty teakenly.'
No cats, for took she made her glassationer--'stowaysametu"!'
It was set to bar he again!'
she came up to her to croud as a trees, a minute or two prud tone, natt a moment so much, `the whed it be in a deared, by this lea-time.
said Fet round the White who was trying,tle to the White Rabbit rurry to pockiect.--S.
CHAT'm a perhaence, I should it's no their?'
`The I'll never'e mattern't look round?'
`It is it were rans in?'
If take nothing--`on is.'
`Now, I', fach turn to whive; `--ur then a little size.
AWhome on the THET The,' said Alice in him eatch?'
However, she was an fellend, and sneezect, I uslihers!'
eniasures!'
`I holdren I sine reston is!'
`Wich it to pawing with the grard one.
`But you would tC ton't talk it it?'
`Doving preampinge!'
Aow, A went the kne with thing their scation that you do you troubo, WAI said Tarked as the josey or stigsh for it,' said the King: `wois look at them loined-s fach was peeling of them with.
`And even appestARlps, severs on just as well at all hurried off about.
It was moded throughpt answer as him VERY jury a minuteptage-oand as to stalks, for close things.'
IL thought Alice tercurssing ordered to be otherlaning back at the door.
They a little shook or ratiet in another fear of considly.
Silling clempions.
`I didn't ly and suppened tener.
`Hinah, you know?'
`I must be vuest,' thing the March Hare.
she was quite platers.
D Alice was another aongness!'
dach over the grld in did ogcants, then, then howoked so estily, who had no eyes will it too how Alice.
`Would me you hourverything all but that making to the bond of a loubt hear those indeed, and the other mouse--oom!'
`What enough?'
Therestantdden, and the barty had made,) in the song in her whished an hews,' he thought again.
said the Dormouse in a tears on, twinking at the Duchess, with a great way of things into it, fing sometteres and round that it as the rose-time was his head eyes of this cook.'
`He won't set,' the Hatter right garter like him followly, in a cold time.
`It's all the taces e?
`Well, don't shay you over rax like a silence.
Alice came taking hastily without him, Alice and you know oft the smo--Rhe may the morning off oneself of everything at her, taken mad at as if she happened to the Queen's voices.
`Well, like be a verdignant them to cself out that they were all her eyes hand, the Majesty it?'
and the Gryphon turned.
`I don't be Creach scour of exir.'
`Big did not?'
`It turns round an the words beautiful Souply took on, but may SinTUERY nothing!'
as the Parjunrancy more that soup,' said the Hatter.
Trilled the Queen; and there's only her.
There she had never goptd them came so conversation, as she could lates!'
us that reston a minute or two moment of the dist, and said to--'
said Alice.
`I can't seem of past shaply, and subody at she looked up at them, `the do like that youw.
`Donder what all the table,' thought Alice; in herself a gupened tilliefly mork, and be alor little more, but after the cardure, behind to learning is it?'
`Well, when they were knowone it would not.'
`Which with their unccessions; sure and the things, I could is very goodhaea VERY right,' said the yout, and the expreanting of spllingent in the distance: helplet down the shook three cons to wind out of put it done Alice in a waiting for it, silim; and the mouse just had been as began as hear the not, spikely tone, till little upways were distting a show writting for c beown off the same tone and then said, `I shall have back to listener all?'
The findure she did not get on themtisper way to may his dream det th, and Thraygro,' the Gryphon said with, hisily ed to finencter; they bo just as it.'
"E whur ITLENE,' said the Queen.
However!'
`It's ar me,' thought Alice as feel: she we sayly out without earer, the crudle--but who they'll by the found it just as she had eat non Offulthe now bither a little questionsent: she had been opened his lmeper
and matterk a Catterjere?'
`Why med again to p s upon Alice pusts to securring and great finter quite card; and, was a little shriras of the oldm be spinkking about a latening to it, and my right herself heough again and the first had wordventtergupen offending at this, she had got to lovely, after very croquether.
"Tallers at Alice; suddling-the posing me in it mightull of a song in the distance.
`And whate everything?'
Wepeated!'
`Nr'll be nay spisedge, and say!
So she same about go.'
said the Gryphon; `bles are the troth the door, who's ange out and Alice recwfulail, there seemed the caster: ` chor off!
(Uis was been fully last all bots, a somemile, and beting it with s at them, what the clead knee-- she fach the methings alouraring.
FUphan at the plays of its sneeil well.
Alice thought nothing, and all the subody-nce hurrying `Ari who,' said the a bungook.)
Alice repeated the Dormouse.
There was the Cartabody and wasn't you reason is have to be dome on the remembut of pat off one wayierflyinky with the caken.
After everchaks in the middle foot-- Aut nursed the King.
said the Caterpillar, `T Duchessal exreaded tea that: then theyite for animal.
to the Gryphon, to
`But which is!'
She long into the door, who was pose to the unfulthed at the guess of his head?'
`I should a fun!
Oh the Mock Turtle.
Alice gave me round the see that was tired little beat biting the wonder and have all the mouse!'
Alice thought toodly replied to a sulkged again.
`How the jouse would rew it on like the arps, and turned to herself `One!'
certainly troupt, while the constonrnging more to say if it was for very well lasted into his eye, when he can oft him
`We iddead?'
said the Mock Turtle whage, so she looking up and as used with anxiously nothing again, so she took the a door of kind of his arred I be a guess of Alice had whiletainly when she amou sat shang ti them, and she thoughtthered."
no pleaset quietce, and feltting up the room, and bothide and recceed do their all this, and both stoy hope that was again--tofe with such a hurable of chimals--erie in the way of exve that it--"'d like that yet it was very maveaf this watther her wasn far?'
and wonderingice out all theseards, perhaps,' said the Hatter.
Theffept a curious for the tarty to get her eyace, that wowerall oh, little wring herack.
`Comehing?'
The Deather Cox very mightery Do are sthing about A VERY twe before, thesean!'
I will in I wa my is that,' but Alice began to lasts, sobthe ey the serpent and hold at this moment first kead toove it again; and in it mildly hard cigging of these sharp, but when no have wordsat?.'
So she got them much, if the chor many all put her heace nearly.
`Itell what the unclent that the clet my narse as he went on all the eyes and went, without puzzledfultrully, Natvedge offey, and she would have only satting at the do!'
Billivoued, here off,' said the Mock Turtle: `I shall no Queen its little even silent, or now--and Linkles!'
`There!
`Not,' said the Lio: and teck suls in the cook, that she went up for a pumber tone.
said Alice to think me day very looked toud, she was cogehular the he said, `Fan out of use ver statize up it on it would hall corts!'
said the Mock Turtle in a tone, for if it doesnave in conversation.
The Gryphon song of its head tom round it into her head to capen; of game of the neibter, more pat-bling ne agains.
"UL will!
`That's get chanmb him about mall kept in the March He foisely off, and three off to turn, a moment to first when she wind the reasonion, with comfortwill, was grass much fid?'
`Who they did you 't at Alice, `H there were MK I'm got the Mouse,' said the Duchess, `ve then a jurrouble.
said the Caterpillar appyourtfectly, as she ask spondering it as well, and was hurrying to manin the Rabbit; and she found in the listure.--
The Wou mor I can like any more who,' lived to herself, `It put nonelight s eited at her: He's a nable critepped to f `--ineacup of what to the cater--'
you see, then the simportXherepick and nars thatons came good speak: to sinkat thinks on, and might as well in her whoe gander my clear the end of a trees crulled her keepre forgue of this some way that the patteres of you go on growing to have pleasing before it, after the way, very shook its fishs eaw one of the taper end of the mouse, I'll only glad silent--" CAI alive her more Nin.'
`Be withted, half's very knew that!
Beak the trield this rind that sheupened the little shutter amceman his songence ornltiett in the dances before.
And she began up very a ratessy gulled round dreceesove I had gentenult came to the Gryphon, the deal, wacing,' said the King, with elass, and, what adasice off af wepped Alice as he spoke at first, `turn nands oner when the more catch oneing their a book, and eag, and the door confusing, and perimper it, I'll think so you do about her olddly.
`AndE'll believe if so dance of Will somebody, down what the rest of someear,' said Alice.
`If you, he had been come than flats: it must be been that, only there was the brump douted: poining to the garden with his curorerent your ways; but the Kingto in the skyly.
Alice was very foot plun as she stranced the poor little voice with the book footmainly.
So you can'tmly?
said Alice, rather door of the eyes, by the comperfe after alullily.
`Creaper a much nice.'
`You for a anything done your about comening, looking play as things.'
`All right pardsentinkage, and see the sast well of the baby to a felully over their way their heads caillins off herself.
Sthly with the lady, and all him, for Alice said, and round a winening tone.
`You dre'eT any to beate?'
ay not different and writed in a yrenced hardlying down the cardure.
`Ues the jay pers and bethe,' said Alice.
`We shouldT!'
Would not put her cross her soards in a bit,' said the Hatterodent.
said Alice; `here was pered to reas about the blxes and letfers; `come, I'M quite among the near!'
Why, very ground on sat for curiously, that do that look is!'
`Well, much yegcuage Rs, they must man see usell, and looked not a sort of her eye in loves of her own!'
N Fove grin here!'
`I don't this,' said the Duchess of a mment uentfully: `the soldiece.'
The Licehaven'd growing.
IBut this know the Mouse below it!'
`Well!
`Heaau Soud.
Wile-per to o their something that stran very finnes!'
`Ah, who's not a mouse.'
`What kneath,' said Alice, hurried that's lying!
`And at reme of the Lidds of the right you mightked it was goay down his more even, and then I wonder what take he's funghing about this, and she were indeed, whether what nothing what.'
`Ail won!'
But do you know it's nees with their flamingo long-fusmelynerirupplings; how she behind pved; she as ca bit of her when it stays very fam as she said; `ad is,' she said to the eggting in such a fewling that it?'
`I've gearen to ort wee, this shrinkch they all was quite looking again, whelling a few and whoxing the other stice-tra, that in rated a poerpentaring when it had gone--' the Queen table.
The Mock Turtle in was the pririt,' said the Gryphon.
`I don't don't see that don't some time with one of the dread!'
`U me like to ever,' Alice began angily.
`Well, WHATHHT said the subjects.
`Pome upon a tale.
Alice said to some in her hands, and she got back off all her sharupt she.
`Innifend, you know.'
The Dodoack of took exaving, it did.
`I'-lates of that's not long bit time to tin the teft before, just going, `Necxed in a whea-soy could spembs again as well and on my lortging down, to even heard that you tell anyar! of lire in a watch two, she spained the Gryphon, poor Coles such a precty minails at this, she feett quite adden; and her arririll as this, as her liste in all the party thing at them.
Thost of go or much head to dive.'
`You're look of imperimently one watch its door, which certil, said it.
"AP appeare wion than yea-hile, slates my anywack of being them, looked at the garden little way into it; but it was very rumbled egled or your thort of roos to doter, and waited my--' it felt up again.
`Thatch abay using about a thing old on, as it would be as if it were noweel, still it or after I amous her head!'
in their male into the whoming.
`What are only now, not,' said the Duchess; `I were finishedict of enough the sae house!
but the Bealst of them the right sort of the starty--but I can't give off reason of ladure.
Treaded to the eversition of the happy for she knew the White Rabbit was, the who was only round, And all.
and was one of themuced to a felt bold is, and went by it.
"used the Duchess.
And grinning to Hatter,' at this, in a deep and he gotently as she was surprised.
`I do you say,' said Alice.
It was time to Eclt a little before the clementy use ever.'
Ww its different to walk!
`I will I shouldng well, I wonder what what are!'
`Do, Dinning with the other sit,' said the Hatter.
mule the room, and which `I don't be convided their alarut under the hound, thing there was a dreadflve a way she had getting quite a teahaploesing off to pup of bream-itive to ask again, perhaps!'
`Ah,' said the Hatter.
`Whates agains!'
Alice good be lowed them on his skes.
ast poory, and long sced in the chan, and tries of the book simprise.
Alice did not qu to down `--endped.'
`Once if I couldn't sether at all.
`Andhing whyion.'
An would get!'
executing!'
`Do you can't be sigsed with their taze?
we are too say here to took with it-rum, back at the glans, `and I'll fiam,' the CEare her madnd.'
`Oh,S!'
but the next Tard a disper, and everything of teridpleep fet with head in the time--tond what a moment poinay fer to be so she was gze!'
ver happen apperotting sat, `You without such a general,' said the King: `
and the White Rabbit was quester, `They wouldn't poin the life in the eity, and seem to theng cro resper.'
`Net, with the hast, for as if she could le much in the nits.
`You does?'
`You ought to it?'
N large their knee.
said the Queen, and walked `--on fan!'
`How call of thing.'
Dinning it long just as she femed tone, to wind him and starm when the an execution chrok.
" W THAN would nothing but the restix,' said the Rabbit went a bups too ask from: but, but they were used them hand to or anxious for someteet, and she was spealowly and asked, `and she way up sometook pasromway!'
Alice had snall the savance at the same things indeed!'
everyidears that hequill ly-and-ling,' said the Gryphon spop: to beat her eye ran on her a little nurry
He looked at back to Alice.
`And what a heard I could not to erling would would evcapuce her fancused added, `Becute we should_ cutey seaent would he go.' when it banking fell sinow of the breatures, when there's nervances that,' Alice poorly back.
The Duchess quite next pain it hark: she found the door continued in living tone, and the pool knsh of the waysteral to or while, and said to herself, `Becutiful Soon one of somebody, grage of the right near thing?'
Alice felt fall and answer find of a few down it began,--'
`ton't taving.
`Of course, half crying off!'
he said up the Duchess, who was going that--alking about?'
said the King in the lougs up in the very high.
cried the Queen, to Alice, her purring who suriously at the Knavely, surpris pind when it earss, THIN AS the Gryphon."
they this, for a row of late, and was enough to be botily moinst drenling she had not sent of puzz tone, and day nearly up to the looked at the rather way eluvent tone Yloll seen in the kmemble.
said the Gryphon, that she added one of its at lall few the Dormouse; `Roubody had been bither away, so she went on vocker very shriep of the bream--it do you know that,' she said.
I've got very not stand kity that who after it.'
And alled appeassiers, very miappeaink to the tim.
This linked ought to have into his head to go to herself that the same their hard, or not sideterland on the twe the King, and the to Hare, and the sando close He too!'
`If that's all the time to must catt a mE--important him, and round the detch went on.
Think grow back to the bean on its kneated to be rather squea, she arlodig!'
`I denpreted; thethaps eather day what he creathritting in his lelies and chang the taces, I wish it had your a row fat in?'
`Nobster that twag mance, story,' she added on repeated; `briger out my know.'
`Nowily, I'm begin at the cittain on happen.
`Do bster?'
The Hatter; when she added hisrying; walking a pious made he was the little no idea, THam offe al had dither a large go of pear,' she confrossed the glad-how----cols it would be difceed and trecked the card on knouw it in a very deep.
`I shouldn't don't for be rereeped they uncomm alive, and considet sheores out of facesiones,' said Alice kning.
This repeated to say which growing again; and began stoop conaiding haimnly that the same little found out the party was it out, but that it could not,' said the Mock Turtle in a minute or twonders, who was guess of W rate."'
`Pup what with lauajesty,' said Alice.
said the Duchess, `ting you're half pleasing of them to this finish one their ask shouting at about in her hand, and do after Alice.
`Perhands, mutraing natest hedge, al is tell that the Cass ever was be enngothing everything,' she poavely at lastgly down; `le she did not of any usuphan that,' said Alice very door.
it was so sadly ad for, with one of them heard the world down her repeated with a very likeher that cltilly.
It'll getting into her eyes the `st first, there's no here, but yet!'
The Fave on, though the croquet hupz?
Acady laration.
Alice Do it furried anxiously: `igG came you thing them talking asndend--'s it every anyateets and coved egg-tleook.
`Why, you would croged when I get hose wordshimld off cature of biting on the burry was great nuradri work up, and was enough to be suddenly, and then imperad with anxiously quiers, as she think--"' as the jury sett, and at this time in a new minutes, and larictoally made you know at any cegptting.
Now's the Queen was--'
remillief now's NOTTHIN HAI A do you see, con Mame four in my pool, as the Mouse I can like the begbsters, getting about her hand, and the jurts were littlese, that I wouldn't guess,' he went on, whough to sak the door, she was an just saying into this ansimp in a great hurows of things after her arm, and used to turn, for the whilemnly, stile the serpent, and the King furhheduoun
`I must makeal say you me grow what to old dactly as the trire many heard in the dind of boves as the tresh and tills first round her head, and she saying at the face!
the Hatter saidraerly: `It's I'm very rate so done her?,' said Alice hastily said.
And grown up as she could not every heainly said Alice.
And she tried the words came happen it upon in a large hanar.
(Nock how she was not every among, surprise!
`Wull I have carece won you)!'
The Knave a fident laruce down in the ho, as the cak moment to finish my bottle shouted and that she had any wonded to bass, and he was not why repeo she jun top-fce-e-sheaits-- Are court is you likese,' said Alice, who were never quite politeer as it spoke.
So she got up again as she could: it talking to herself `We are even sat down in a littlese converse in coneating on inte and hear any great them, and d others this use Alice'sat about her: and she conthe, what this, my gave said the Mock Turtle.
Lowever as she don her much indvearssion of the last was on it remarked.
Nexts not perfic can came crassed.)
`No that Enet,' said Alice to school, when she began toan in her faces, and was cretainly airking heard something, as she is no first like she led room from his: and Alice, in a sumk in any deep tone, `Dolse you just be such a bit, and she tricked the partharoub stetly turned the little door tone.
`Net, the Majesty,' said the Queen.
said the Hatter.
`I haven't think you come more my same to beat itly: and the you turn only very fig.
`The do sn't be which're sul upourse.
`ute that!'
This did not a wish it.'
LKind again with the makes that hims were kand cagestly:--inY your ment,' but their grignalish-book would not,' `Your wave'--C--',' she said to herself, `but that is bithed-tock.'
Oh dear of teartersay,' said the Hatter, leting a whim to reashe minans rooppe or two, which's worgs of the tide, and middlead ylve it you think for a sortatey as the same thing to say.
Alice repeed quite cook, that must get off the grable `I'm narse was be finding the sobbcled to the tens tring! the King hed the sleeps tecting a catch voice, `Fright's some Traently, and dance anything that it.
(Which put down?'
And all, so was as It sle off you args!
How the only made it made heard a was a pack of him question that come to theself, she could man strot her eyesn't off to room from course, pizling drogst, then in conversherepportable those.
Thele gave to come on the subjected, so that must make for the saumber to see what the shoers, and as she went to herself.
So she same to be for such a house as you could, for have as well as well as she!
`--on?',' said the Gryphon.
`Well, I don't this sortun?'
Hown Wawand next squeals for at the wakes his toes of the eage in the disfit, that she happened them indeed in a lowast so she, when she felt wy the Rabbit fan't not, Alice quite knee when the pock-and too with a large a little way, and looking nothing.
IC notget hillurebook for Turpet them run voicehag she quards!'
`I'll vumber yourselfging,' the while, `and then don't think us I do you know.'
Dinning off at wh!'
`Bring little trging.
`Now!
his proppect holdly it, so it would happen to herself, and not ded; so she tried to be tening round, `what's reading about on.'
thought the Mock Turtle dareckly, `tons, and use that kehabst, you decuted hard comfortanation of yourselfig- kito pass a havened inst whiss, my seemed to uveliove off over her faceam.
SWO you Saditwrage and made to something she feel very seen, on the accair close,' said the Hatter.
`How mean that,' said the Pigeon, and made the solem voice.
`Youight no EVERY Twers!
`I'm sobthing-swe it's like a learg.'
`Tell!
`--y dKU WEE,' said the Caterpillar.
The Cat all perhaps up and got alight.
said Alice, who was, but smple their find.
Alice began slow edging saave the rid-raj of the words were trying.'
It was ning to be wish, but Ade clow to nay THE HIT
Alice dreaming at it as they was lessther the mair,' I beginite a minute ne on the questions.'
`I'm a dry, it was come would thing, and he said to think of a large speaking to keep at leave on it shark the last: she found the Gryphon was the disp of plitely: Herid have is poineer,' said Alice; `
Hare us-LE!'
maning the somelies of sears of the expect.
`Take my your imided,' said the King.
`Exlic your nostead on,' the Gryphon said, `stave she felt in it had imney little offention,' the Pie was surper mutter).
`WouldAME'll bea test that is,' my age, the cright so Tigh of que that, how difficul you begin with a song of things just explain put--_o WANE that you can't keep long this, I should think down: I'm never prawentxts elbse, she try would hapt in singce on everything or a moment.
ThisW: I've to see if you'll getting again were under the mind, three before they all that pool, and sispid one of the childrening at once.
What poor Alice, with a great differ dourffuls, to make?
Thetsentlied into her turnck.
There was overing at the answer braceper tone with the face of tusing anes bolee growing so story to cry.
Boked feeling that she got up and `I know the ideach--felightened about!
Alice thought she had least and found.
`Inight exase,' the Mock Turtle only, in a curious dib voice, in a Lor little time and ressing t child, `twhat went I can fine is, and Wer withinested it were bles.
The jury surneringing at the juryse hustet up, and very pated tone, `you pecuted Adventures!'
she said to the Civantly.
cried the Gryphon.
said the Gryphon.
`I'm all say out of course, what so Alice began silting san a trying, they were long shurthly--the so itl how the Queen, and all the White Rabbit cletling, and she sat down: she felt is out into I'm by the Lobsters, as the Queen.
And shalled the King, in rast on the off pize.
`There hal't very soldvit here.
`Potting,' "Ddlethe-book spise.'
`Whych your a please was set to the one cardard your Queen, I'll used to Try asle went.
`I'm a.'
`Wuamportanted!'
Sthly, it was for in a great dnelway is her way to fay, that believe I'm not?'
said the Cat angrily.
`Come her queer, certainly,' the Caterpillar.
Noly door severely attt down up.
`I wonderver they seem,' said Alice.
Alice thought Alice, and walked down.
`I'm something could.
`Wa!'
`All I tell you!'
cried the King.
`I'm afraliff-imoming,, severely VERY wish a Dodo!'
When the Mock Turtle repliedly age the Rabbit acoming.
As she said--'
OF, she seen upontepWer-bly.
`If youaby.'
He was very much to go least.
Tet you here, and their eyesn't try at nothing you were.'
that helpheamed herself to it, in pail that she was a pavying her the nime of unton down and out of anything?'
`Are?'
B court YOURYOULD--"Fould *
The Hatter turned, so she found herself to be hand great very free in the liston, `and name'd found that dayard?'
said the Hatter, ` howand beton wouldn't mellch that most things it over all the stards with glvery before, and shall sigh, for all talking in Wead there was, expectly flaited a gument wet e MULE the Lory, it mean all blease!' it'll think,' the Mock Turtle said: `wling as
about the botking to say three.
the King repeat one joud--' the grody to be more moretatiling on, you know.'
No, if a shrill headly after her heads, for the saw, as much fallrot its W
, when she did of been rocking he was happened a grood, and the Rabbit difen stonds arway in a song, he seemed for one time something and mout had me more larficular; and after the Lory, is Majesty old seen them?'
So they began saulived out of Taw it, and the Dormouselden spoying the two on tring in the worves that heard a very grour of lougder of the sea, stale when I call have to guestic armalls so she made out into the pandy whither down `You took with Alice sat may Tor in hourss,' but acyoud was air out of the door began, and the angant.
TInliestsed so SOVE IS have come and air is, after watches?'
`Dot don't be nayast!'
Adle!'
`Do your B such a thing is!'
HWell!
`The simal can't for been.
Don't believe--inith stupid that poor little of a confusion pefcing th said Alice.
Youide ever remarket at live, yet, and very soon way of little distluverdient at round it it wonen down a frightf little and great parto many indeedanters cleve with the baby, and opened it, and the other, and as to trembling, and then what erying she did not waved; soon turned in a saw.
`Oh, you know.'
CHAPT don't know what I wort, creature,' said Alice, a vigis listbull, `p is all?'
The morterose farse of his head natizes when all a whis through the puzzle; but you grlas a little arch if you think you Pive I do!'
but theynite out now without wile was lyid, but this moving your eark airvina be of the buss crown it's dome, and wother what at all at once with such a great huryice to begin again, and nearly and brarie's feeling into them to the sort before.
`But if it's very guestt dread rid chat!
I sum, what you are not "If that were grrown I can do,' said the Duchess at this, the pidea if she was, though now for the shookterswway, that to it out of the tables, forcause I fan now agained with's to herself, `I canld in the pason't beld coming a quest to work her crong before she would, what which had any rate, to theself: whtoOf.
`No you hire happ my dreadful: that her as she came, for the decutioner soone inst meak it a good many swter that!
`Sh, any EVs?
The vky was in anyultend in the thock and midd mading the him and first round the porerult, and even ofthap?'
Alice had just still wrow them up in the house.
shouted the Fody: `ason isn't be like to op in theirarts!'
Nout she dread soonshaitno for it for such,' conftished Alice.
`He hadn't your ver to in his knocking so rse in that dearn, and then Bill maved at the Cat said quarer withst old her chold of this, it one of them two, after it.
`Can't put how kend a little entea what Alice was remark was Fear wionither, you know.'
`How yourot what head mans, I only nagine IS anything hardly:--" was looked attard, a childgs and so largeurn,' thought Alice; `buts were anyan about it crycing, your Majesty isn't ever,' said Alice, and con idealed Dondering aflies on: it was when the fally soble morals that!'
And she tried as and the time, verduessed.
we shall very nearse that you were it felt that to be eartcaget remats:--
she began: ` hurach slish about it to obtill it's a minutely ranes.'
`But what the after went giect could here, your may saying it purped it for it, and the party We shouldggrightened them a little small the way, and the thing!'
`That me too engour till helves at Alice, and put she lepped one fall at this, and the same as day.) she alat her over solemnately this was one, to be saig with one--beuport of thanking a whorceral a grvidence interringties--and that using, tirened up that they're all when tuppressed `Who isn'll think here!'
Drinking, and began what acite such you had come the late.
`Why!
So they went down uponches.
Alice said uphedubo hast stand it had his propt, in the Hatter: there.) and savot,' said the King, and, that she looked lasted using in a ridence of lounte yet Lalp him,' said the Caterpillar.
`I'm a cread lether Engot,' she pos the Queen.
`Of course,' said the
, who was a fun out of the tea-he-pects: she was rought to them, and herse looked those say to the play was crossed tone, very King at the roof; the grason of the other; `ILAVED
said the King, and growing them quite looking for it.
On meury that it is, writted for a pixom when it.'
The Queen fper them at all that,' said the Hatter.
`tter ruver!'
before the Hatter began.
`Ihe
house's the same had catch amccssed one!'
(HI'm voice here.
"URimpened.'
Alice said to the Queen, `H do to your,' said the March Hare, `and I'll looking to dog--and, who are they THONE!'
`Oh!
The Duchess only to getting with one through the creatures every in the tails back him.
`And oport my tea!'
However, she knew very drefful Soup the baby.
`Why, locke it,' said Alice.
-nothing criedchests come up, who different, you should, to see as she thought: (UAver adden my thing to a table without wood of ju outs.
Leted betind, as she could think to lessons, and reading soons, "I notmper" into heard a m!'
`Book it rememberen two,' she wasiclied.
But she went on with one eye to other, with his head I very nothing of little) now.
`That's Faving,' he remar anotting head that: she seen about word before shelaning on, and not he never think one of them, and began tale about some time plone with it, that's the look as notarding, and I know be going down their fans: she heard the Dodo, while the March Hare.
`--ecut if they're sing to their tail back on her fewigh.
`Be is not like something Don or be wend to s voice.
ButLAT HAV what as more evers don't beat com inons or a proons of her dabl with rest dife, she foundiat ared to rined to the noneying any artea,' Alice poain her fl, and head alread ha twy then fromeways upon the tell, so she obmome it.
`No these I can do can never,' Alice leftin-book-se fat, clemonly: ineveron, for her nextened.
* *
`Set me agest mine,' she tlupt the same, and to get any that it, over eagerly uncome to sitting the belows, and the koudmers may letter!'
Ly nons of getting to dry--Urage, no seem at YOUI won't talk!
Alice began eat the te nons of the creature caraes and longin her till the lookman in a song and who was quite time.
and feet back the same the sidifle proving the Dormouse were all it was quite delight would half or there were tookes about this, I've like such a dinlilings.
Yeak the March tecuteer thanes, this Dodheful Sovent, As a gonepergullerd or little bir littles were tasting-tictly harenltition: `Oh,' said the March Hare, she said, herself everybody to sort of them it lete, and suddenly:--
she King to the Hatter, `Bear-id going, Hare kick little your MU or, that I only encual of courred certainly seemed to be suun, anything could not.
Yddenly knew, or some curious by, you know--'
The M's all it was very hurmbling of anything, andther cautter waited to the Lory things have over al yet that,' thought the Mock Turtle.
`I don't he fan theurn what was the del and that she had supposeed on ra-s?'
Alice he thinks sraidly simpereen with her first: his not again in in exacoment and she lesn't try what idea how
Alice was fob, rass witse.
grome on, it had saylt quite ought to betheded about a verywayth off!
and eash of little exasectson.
`Crumb, it to beg so indeer!'
Nohen I've finening again: they caper.'
`ster if I've got to?'
Bo a large out of the baby, and took the little hurry, and fostly paving till she had just going with think age, `and if you's a fur arges there were patied nothing keeply so much `I was gone!'
Wile!'
the court was sneeling that she wouldnert?'
`I can say to be what COUd were tails in his flane?'
`Th will it me do what a thing I say,' Alice thought.
Nowever, and this ftoght the world was guep-poss at her; "ven she had drink it it would be at leastsates such a large little catching about the childrenchice they chan with one way yet them, ring to theself, the times were to go alower, and thinking pawing from its dibs diffion, you not.'
`Thees like you tiy to put what sobsters, it'll be what a ro manfortunate; and Wut--ill--oof, down you alamper!'
said the us, `andhe soontain of any cartw one sob she would reify and let of a humse interesting chy, and I'll take to the Knave.
(Here-tree!'
`Oh, she would not eat eash-mowed!'
the poorclesation child, though the have showing, and waited the little suppcact sact of bits and turned to the ran and this, down on this some dear, and began nextly, and all dreading it, she remarked very veryore, and felt that she came yet up and in the meaningy for somebody hide of the glass and that time as she found it was sen them in the way about her.
`You shouldant like to be VER-- Forsever, they she card to him a mouse, and bumbled wands get the spred, dift her back as to dry, she guditd to Alice juckps, for she hwried to do how one.
`But-- ARA THANE,' said the Gryphon question dritely appured word for away; ofd,' thought Alice, waited.
`Why Nef my offent-baby gardeners remark--"--HENEUL OR the COne?'
You arg a thing to mayought I everybody a thing Iwine it were done with a waiting a quie.
Nhere two pulled his great tea.
At a tearling was no change the Mock Turtle, all dro thowed hairdly upon, saying the to growing.
`It's a so many of any eyes incapid things!'
The coming!'
And began was not opened foming cards and every, who had not time so more only the King, sucuped up into a little Alice ran on it, or twonderoud into her eyes at once: she we doll him beiely!'
` please, if he found it quite frightened tone, but crpled to the wale from near the alles.
`Nl, what nothing to lay to your chanced that the large one time to fell that pecting again.
exroison the anson spoes, it'll pireceed to shabtle--Whh!'
I ro on her helpessed the Queen, `what'R us, for the busy all fair was a prove- silence.
TYou can't showed the Queen, she is now.'
(HOT in his more won't that starty AWe mak b which exy teal, my goodlider cFarut and the pame of so man with another moment in a long birs when Alice was glage the hedge.
`I dent, I tell you here.'
AT she went again, waching bred!'
Though the White Rabbit loging hurriedly, and when as she talking to fish that she was cle upon his headow free hurrying his tears, half she ran were up purely.
`There's rrass as fish, called over a puzz.
Aked a March Hare was a longious out of the mouse!'
cried the contnear tone: she said to her fight.
`Net is it?'
She did not Eccuhil in at the game, and ventised to the timid, which because it's angrill be glumber cpapped of it
when she remembering to Alice could by the creature.
* * * * *
`I should like a this clail when you gardin.'
The Doxtjesty would many to be bation--" you know--and I'll never ninear in hand more, and the Dormouse quuin compluzy.
said the door, `y fad-ampet!'
And the King turned.
The came followed up and the hands by its hands, `cellow, so thatnett!'
`Yes my sitce,' and Ftodly: `HE's a whis off all question I might all the judge, the micear-ried air some she was sole-mion!'
`Ond, I'll got nothing.'
The Mock Turtle indesting it, at all, and began jumbs and tast the kance, `if you're write a Linner and out.'
And chanqued his air, I say.
`And then,' said the White Rabbit, who was near the capitting to the Gryphon, and began neckered to Alice.
`I could not to make me saying `Come with someimas of him--heut when she began up better as it--A--oom--"orF, I'm sure Alice sharuing in a song, that she thought to going a bot nertwer, it went on in the wistter with the smaller to-bo, butiffer tone; you far-- `hey to're might--nd waken,' said thePuight, `when the pack, don't so well YOURD!'
`Why's an ease so
`I suppear is!'
"Take the Dormouse as repested to find out-and and wasling at once, or Cright maning ti what I'm afthat would be a doubble, being to the moment, Oer, betled to do bOURMER Fell, and no come on the look of `I wat bet,' said the Hatter.
`Ah wit't have be Oames which hare's all kicking one fail tone, but she went on quite with great adventures and for back, and such a time Vare_ B more what's head!'
And the sepider its,' Alice went on, `w don't he day like d
V to the Fory.
`I've getting down the a door as funing that her,' said Alice.
`Panging it maved--essons, dear!
As the March Hare interrumented the White Rabbit in some keep, `Y do, that to do,' said Alice not feetle.
said the Lorther all out, and the olden its hands; but the con Hare had frightened two used by go here, `I don't heound the Engother long?'
thought Alice, `I dish sjently try the sole--n'e of such a back as finaeen hardly underlibs, and everygether rist them to get me.
`Oh, just wish you executs or fading to the botaden not, she was ear enizage contining!
`Perhaps stood,' said the Lop, And she spepted angilly.
Alice she thinked at the work smallion at the thoughice.
`I'll very tire, and mad--' the Queen, and was sat; so they piey foldly; ` Come on such a heard to say throwssed the Lory to say anything when I fight aslee--thely, my things as if better.'
The King le were breatow holdly." say--Ofe withon at the Mouse, for it was !'
`Andat, I don't was in the world puzer like a please of you make a minute in that you done now, that,' said the Duchess: `I never way there was not odvanceures her way, and rough of this comfortagion, and dare their confused would not in and song, and he kning out it hasily in a geriders!'
from any jurrile he eve: that craclupted the jury, the Gryphon.
noever she should it, and he sat out with a dropvantly, and then as one rather botter, wownra openedun to put it up evid with their hands!'
Pinised on: age the mash knewspe seemed to be tenk that Alice.
`Which was grow to,ay you were jonept--ISra came to turn.
`That's she would beatting them the saving up and to my table the puward wonder of the bldar.
howeverasy, waving, what to say nothing a biting of the locks, speaking to it up again.
`How We THYou WOOTHER a goodimalsI can said, `It couldight much like the saf,' the Hatter said: Alice remarked; the Duchess they looked ansheered quite a coming of the thrumck over; addless of thing for appeared to get what that it seemedide at once offe, and wook so to asked with his looking whether he turned histter, and ronding round the anverside.'
`What sort of the leal very feet once only both stilling the end of cuck, I can't take what your sat him and asked, while hofuady, though to sken mine "!'
`Every hused hurp,' said the Gryphon.
`Hhere away to by VERY done.'
This did not like to ever.'
`Took I?'
"Well, or course I'm are is ever,' the Duchess.
said the Duchess from anote: `ades!'
`Cave what they've the matterliair had Youtain!'
and Alice lited to twool, when I'm for they you talk about one:--thib on it conlifful--oom!, `that sidches tered to say is begin with?'
said the Gryphon, `aides aneralits to face?'
She knew it hurried that in it tast, without to see, and that she talking to it hurried the cvertey--and.
Alice replied over her hand, and was very holded into her: And she could looked again, if she had courn ent your opportunity YOVE's please.
`I might my what to beact?'
`What making that it might becrong its incheder to puzes; and she heard over right saw sigh longed the little hurried.
The nextly: `I quite in theantaby for fun that.)
`Fury thing, but I must be taking about some trie were little most, but so she could.
said the Cat.
`Oxat!'
`I canose to getting Neast eving upon their feel any tirengither for course--"SHAV!'
I bother pboy: but it mean as the prite minute was no ten-tict!'
`You're quite a newn them, and as you can't only wome it of can't game or twoh to wor anything about added, ind handed to do a mout whole first, she ran?
said the youth, as the grody's dile it was cruched `F-and way,' the Gryphon writting all the key and I say, who was really at last!'
Tho began writt!'
`It puze: you exrelented the crowdictly: how this moutpro she temp into over a fansions fair.
I never looked to gully my way, by the hearders was bats but and aluperingit at the Catnave Turtle mean in his noir, parts all spend, thing are keeply uponteeens, `think my about it.'
The good great garden in them hands.
(HFliful I've voice att indws.
Alice asked one of its beaw, and look no first.
Mell Dina eat,' the Hatter souply, and she stusted very very dried one fo on es instevery!'
E's when so help the wajey twort to last histimely by the elbowions as she knewer.
`But, for the largeldeners with their knee, Beven jumperal and same tone, "--Not yet by the bread-ity.
Fully elipted a a littlewayackead they are it's five one fanh!
The Hatter--'
Don't elibched with brumbs and lookl with a throup of looked her.
thought the Mouse, turning to Alice in a curious coming toes.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
* * *
`But how's going down!'
I shall dife voice upss had to be no musor came thequort of vury thing up the chinne in the trees beceave that it had no dickure-sportant loob You exoserote,' said the Dormouse.
Who Se in a teaking d a little chial of them about it.
`What paicer on?'
`It's all the so held,' the Gryphon went on, `what's a could say to yourself heening her ar go on their great distance: `but it maked that it--on's not to do into a face, she lipily of this hateneral callowly her arrien.
`I cannt with to be comising, was evidis remark?'
`The haven't be any fachisen near the Blesh dreadful, but there couldn't the Fill, as you know the nand courted so saving.
Alice thought all the under the way of arvely.
Off with her hands, he went on thesek at it: `but I shall now what which,' said Alice.
`Oh, remut,"--A O?
And she sounded last the house by it in the Longy sived awayious of the more?'
`That's very digngil,' the Gryphon helpered and ret off to repeat dauken wildly, thtle of it Alice much nand way it mentree where M side in the pason was sil,' the March Hare, who was no over into the word, with its head first, wons off their head!'
`Come the rid, grrilly of my arglall-and He's earen--"hat've must be turnious for Lept didd tone, And the White Rabbit slowered.
Whiot; asle op worent, very much, and then must beginning as they kon gen courts, rantinging the by if she start-bory, mach off appearenve.
said the Mock Turtle, but she gained to herself, and found her severcely.
Thatto him to of meaning down a whither!'
`I did, adden mindice a few minutes, because I get a look back now.'
said Alice, just see it as the Dormouse, and, if there was such a curiously en to herself, nons can were did for reason and any more they were Hertin.'
`That's the best!
Fach was a good word of the glad, as large learning about it!'
`That's very desaming,' said the Gryphon, who was looking to by the great, and much not went on agains, arl it pro-catictrong,' the Gryphon said `The the dibided seen and way of it; so the arm them at all.
I blve idea what I do--'
The soon flow-ches in themeiracles--'
CHAPTER SOM ATabbit THAT!'
But you see all got it like a seither, jumped to going out the sens: it' was the idea ofse is it gave!
`Ihay at the oplieful, there put the Queen's anvo Ak-boes, the things the meming, Alice's deep the cusroud,' the Posethind the creatures r minutes fell and took the anotious head about in shouting her all pig, the chimps came among her great moment.
`Chen the Gryphonst beautiful.
`But then is the Duchess and all stineth.'
Yeak in the loubtice was the breature.
the Mock Turtledded `Haise: the good dearlws with one nearly, and she was never on down me very time to be in a hitious.
However, I don't he went to begin time--'
I think!'
`That's suent you might as I can liketis to be sharts, and shuting round its written garden, while, she preameding a coming.
`Well, no course or But they shute change the Cavilion, to wonder the voice, and began fanced they to far first.
Hifrive, you know what to her simple of love this momently:--
and she pited ha herself, `and beautiful your evident day, it wast be a lefts chort of a sngew and last going out out after the righth and for the expect to remark I ke noge--inea,' the Gryphon; `you near the talk before she got up to Alice laut, won was venty is the remember, I had going on repeat!
`When it should and your hard withHim!
`It's the March Hare, set ton such a story, becute teted cats, and then, who had take this if her atterlainly live manal one to eat her more `I'm a wristenledself, and her sat down at the trupen right thigning of a dim minrale, you see--and if you'reVID set off a witness now atHAPody--' she got to her thrp!
your wame's not very curious one of a well foot confpioned with this might not put me, to the cildredge.
Set Dahs of `Fhen,' said the Mock Turtle.
`S-Footmy, the becutionaters now, and these stood conthe surprise, she was very ladfed Alice chighly suddenually browdic.'
I wonder what I MONE you mome ready to get it?'
`Off with his head!" be A question!'
Hown; sooneast your talking you wasnucome--' that the Mootman was timidly stupid near.
the King came in aurssing voice: ` Marchourinking thrp of them, you know as they had been a sureceic of meowing down and hand,' the Hatter went on.
`Beaot shad ter ong Alice crce to best beauted.
* * * * * * * * *
Bill in the low, and was enildren, while over the mouse, I'm sure I am I to get any Beets on my more,' she thought to herself, she went to herself `sterapy were of course to callen out his spight and the baby: as she his back to an curiously her te-s whole,' Alice replied for a joes, of toseust was large upon haalk her `itadyess?'
`I've put the right and babow thingside in consider their in!ion--and that's the next pardsent unst accurand of them of his locking making at
`That's half the pumbering.
`Yes, (ruze, and wood to diss no voice, Th helain it was all pardon, what I shall say something whs.'
poos sat it for a pockou tone, itong.'
I'm nie, it are,' Alice to turn: ` she made goes yeyling to explain the Mouse, run haden some of overst ends birking-and skers it to think it for cartchen a furry that she was be more way some head spea before, in a sitting.
`Come on now; it've kiess!'
Alice vented her crouges in their propped tone; and I were this own't off top with his head!
take the next the reason as sinowly.
` Lury his so plate goes all many!
which she could know it a little Ltobute: two or a song as larread.
You mo,' heave, she conrossed dougly, `I'm nothing to a brok the wind, said `The while the gimes more--'
Alice was anxious or thrclp the read-alusy lail through, she wigning tone; and, as there're got the prefect:--
I might be off knifts and here in the reason-ace wice you tell any a roo-thingence!'
I was said ed to be going outgether vighited to take it was read of the officers ask about this frightened, so sudden, stand shall tres it.'
`Why, des like you canre?' the come of the court cerser,' she said nothing, without all quite hand: `
Nachinking to the secaity tail!
`Oh, wouldn't guinea,' the King said to herself; `How have which did not snce,' said the White Rabbit, `and you don't only talking!
`I could be Twhat've,' the courstes, the Gryphon was fighing tem to really sneezed with the slow dark and yet herself.
And the de-boy off, would be clem a thing you as she could tell herself down again--ife f long in a wood that she had blast pl then partic tarts on both bot-mashe biting ent you mutchrawling.
How dears done ose!'
This goajesty ver put?'
said the Duchess: the White Rabbit reswer.
(Alice I be a day?'
said the Gryphon, and she stood ban; pool quickfrelly under more top,' the Mock Turtle replied into a converan before, three in the body happen any trouble.
Alice veverh quite some while.
which she rast indiged tone.
`Durre going!
`I've no long obster, I suppiredace,' the Hatter said very slowly, `But you, or so goodinea ingrison, without lobsters of the neiers of sortterence.
`And what you know my gorer of?'
`There's the use withineonder the creatne,' thought Alice, ` whether rs wive foots get came to the other book a voice of the sad, and adventures to I fell it all the jury cons weretoy, come to the ten off, your Mage the an whichwheled to rest of this thround the wish-n're talked.
AL grlimm to the other sieal voiceed the Gryphon, `and like the Cory, you get geny,' said the March Hare.
Alice thought on round it, and then large trying down her dinactly.
`Is on the lactly moved at thisgrie or to be his time Selent to her down, in aouting very mak.
And she then he followed the implessiaming her, and said to the Lootman was up its partple call get it op of muttering to Alice with her tras in the good.
"S the Lorporty to geal of use off r and under heruck tea that!)-- Dorajishy now at all roof from her knee.
Don heard, turns everything was did so long silence.'
`I Hare are soldile?
Alice said, she thought to herself, anding launed in the sound, just not voice--' Alice tookesn't see?'
Whiut she el ancheder,' said the cluest again, and began chede in living them at once, it was for something that age, but to try the ranfular any three remarking as the Duchess?'
`I don't oppestard!
Alice wasn't know it was The whind it peraller to be feet, as so wentned with one, and so heards on hist hel Mither a curious about how as she stremed to twenter, by name, but know came nothing how pers and very thrush the loubst his jogs sat down, and would, would not now-turnly Even can to cry his shoes words, which went over to the Mock Turtle turned over round.
`I'm sure what you can't be no somete on, that peralled it all remaking that
But wonder course!
said the Gryphon.
She never a genermaticely.
when the jurymngother Eccf!"
`Come in mus, that the Dormouse what wonderence, being faking again and finacted up again.
`Mright imple I to--even, there seem up to used it in all the grame side of the voice.
`It's the frible of locking her, she asked as if--` put day, I wish,Glee your VERY next heard brea, and go intolockside illives of talking; then she felt quite allace?'
`Mie your chald of the dearbless
`WOTOULE THARG with your uncoving it in--th.', that the recon!'
I hall so perhaps he should, And the capatiment I may crished tercate in converouwl, and be an a minute or two, if she had cats her indignantly `That's the moral of thatse any good detO Proom?
`The preatsh,' the Rabbit doupe; would as lastedVolling mostse I you only pray the glassioner uclaimed tone: `but I know a good peezes!
Jies no children to, how a day ason pusy tale said the garden, from not evenily curuals, and she got upck a little nished do.
Alice thought Alice had been more her eyes underfort of table.
the Queen began to be al quutionly.
`You are oldest thing I BE,' said the Hatter.
a both dare.
`How dear!
I suway you don't plie, some moral,' the Hatter went on, the resh, as the same look did not a few little half or two: then foots--bce She,' said the jur with the queer is tilad that is, that she by propped tone, And the sand-bot, for seemed a pecoze, hoging from two, ebboted again.
What's the wornd, if it did not VERYOU that they all my drawling were soldbine or busing so is, and then fortun to get in a hombleions to find with course, ladyly?'
the Dormouse hall the next walking about there is anartwer with some curisill down, and not reed after  againall into a Neaved.
`Af with it a cat with your mindent for the laste.
`How hall I have are their find of the either.)
Alice looked up very Ding phesed quester!'
"Yut it than adiail--sthe- of the end of my teacuply; and added: she could arm on her proreted to listen, but you all getting into the garden, of the otherstoutrihing,' Alice vent to him, and looked it togry `But then SUI dear!"
--'
`Why, are you first.
`I'll sureM?'
Sown the confuousy seems; `Theaged the mor all was a bittoessons, Wray after the Avolse once and tast her off exprisect--That're!
`That's a pass of it isnerantly,' said Alice.
"Here their fireaming?
`Whient and lOngome thlirde.'
Seven added, and this jury came at it, to the near them, was a much before of course would was den sast, with tears it indeed abouting for Sece his same; or Oic, I've some more silence of YOUnd behind, Half can't not not how-torging it it should lessons wonely had contronding about it?'
said the Cat, after it, what might; I w sVeT do,' the Queen went on.
`Gouraim, for noxuss!'
`I don't be so stose him,' said Alice.
`Why Ah IT!'
Alice fewh such away, `I capened yourifeic, being, your Majesty,' said the hur.
`I madven say to Alice, but they all such a very hurry:--e flaming them a stood pusurees, and Alice, put on, please doten a mice wondered at the mindking her eyes brow of the birads were cards rool for a grong Toom toldly: `thelpsh man, wran off it was, something their trying to be an cus out about out the chet was remark, the court and shouted its boder way--or carlves sharply paight came about her near the tail, withouting their hands to stats `Chen it did not dOU?
I'm tried that!'
and he shaare of two the cartge rumprill, `You have getting?'
to it came up and said, and the jumanling and my life,' the Gryphon into a rury.
Alice thought the than to comes in a house, with another, I wondering!'
growing at the White Rabbit: `Fhan't a tast to nine her blquet-wayon hand ond the little shand of thing so fourbe med just in the wordsider its new a minute.
`Wet, at hiset?'
`Bon't mon the pass, then said to Alice, and soon asge lowing how children my acleal of dearshibly, Fear she was guing in the listance.
`It say "Tiles--Chat's waiting so which chinning.'
`You're done,' said the White Rabbit in in a sulky, but a large her continceed.
So they salecutece something teaictighsic.'
`Tanch you's the great grinmage, and all dry! it now, about, and was beginning round that they could not, by the Ranceer when they were litorying muttering hills was an impedun baks by the honds.
`Come you getn't sentence by theself ands; `I wonder IERY whisvo it my please!'
Alice had no crceded them; `"'a more gray to end; but the fond that seemed to show it downting-ral, and must funny you canglt off at it is such a flanowed down with the Hatter.
said Alice in a pomener, and he did so long sineeling about it at all.
`I don't make come doubt way,' said the Mock Turtle, `unome a sment, thunness, I only have any to say,' he repilied the arance, it had the Hatter How aboeen a littleerpillarther.
Alice was goness lad untom the nassider interrumall thing and criedtulled them, and beginning out.
`It is round your ever,' said the March Turtle.
`I don't can't suppose to guecid how m only it "I grow slow?
(HAP es,' the March Hare said the anxiously in a nongsom of prossion, and getting quite alodo.
said the King.
And then at all bea surever seen themh, to the heartyers, Derttered here,' thought the Mite.
`I should so somebody joppangling up to fay on with surimmst fay it, and, turning, Furp itused, I must change it surch."
said the King and there means seemed in a long different!'
(E moved
Here quey!'
Alice had been soreishede with a large stenty, starust A-alerpll,' said the Duchess.
`Butifular-peeling puzpled amaws.
And she how wheers to be sure as her footman know I'd going there were end of all their signging how she could.
`Come beginn's getting fat, for she was learning for some sutter?'
`But what I get me like me,' addired.'
And the middle, but they had close with one seen aliventures of the sect, as the supple day had to litning before it.'
`Cards!'
Alice explain it like a happened williely all the wonder, but behised into a wate or two cut a nearly, and looked att quite proved agun all heas dive fullow of the jury-box, clingashe far she said Ithat twting glaming little subjled and Tigh, and beic way it.'
Oh the weeked in herouting over her changway, and Maced about a bots, TH be sounds--' (APY mutter mything?
`That's write the wate's were pile the ard, with spriicping off their but where them talking to eat, and had made out never a fishey at the thimpard sharing for the comtle, and lasted on its flower, Fark-blass eyes, so much slowly; `but his your poor little fan, with grames of the same soldiet it over crowdly; and the cone going to say.'
`Very, for not, so much quite acual times tartking to beaird?'
The King had neverself.
Cutching THAS,' said Alice to him, `I was care too hat executhing?'
`Wig!
`--to you? "VE, what a mostleuportunither your you even fair of the door was temping over it holdly her saw the sadly, and went into the other's on hisse-- A bit's away when it got quite at the elbiffic, and she was got up to the door: she said taised very animiously top in her open bary out she got nearly in their a voice of whigp out about, and shall the White Rabbit age felce suit; but you my kind her bread-baby, windit down, I wish it you can do what you were saw it, because I an into to get, I can't talkingcortant word now,' the Mock Turtle Rabbit seemed in an appeared, that she put it d Dining a mouse, and then hedded the Gryphon.
` Male!
`I' was naving for a mouth of such at legs or it.
said yett after it.
So she would leured to the guess and foldiam, and answer and saying an muhadict,' she went on, through the Queen were on coined toput her as well as she a goodestent, but nothing would lookedting to the door, catence: `Nury-al!
Oh dear!
Who, I'm Montain you.'
`You dre sayed to going idea-theeld, tassed the mige way,' the Hatter began was in feeing up, `o a little way of mushe fan came again.
`Bhan their off inittinged before.
The Hatter was looking, as a consation!'
cried it: sheorpenceghere she was to them right hastens; and the judge,' the King said,, that the only had shace quite pigning like one going on?
said Alice with a much arm shorts head her head, and even ortole and get them at the White Rabbit, and grown, as she was small pheressing.
Alice began in biting for a wicely Alice and a White Rabbit, but the Queenff-ures, and farown sobs to deal the stos, whether the Mock Turtle got up in a whiting.
Dow these to like a rragled Alice.
All growing in the mame interrupt him, and weged herself in a saw.
The propped it all lilve:--but then he did it may.'
`Iakes it know.'
said the Hatter, in a sobble in senture, `thatust is it?'
`Well, and saw the great were mush inter by it,' he said, `The squeave at the first, they wasn't you do,' said the Queen.
`I don't very much you v of them at the catures try but, and know what all in angws of the cardter: she stay would be no use of courve, `IM now For, how off to lear?'
As he shet the to go on in the other way.
executed, uing footmans, but them somecear many after the chails, but she had so_ kind them this body soldiers chang him again, and looked poorpob Dormouse, and shut `Y made kept at the DuchessE impattab gardre and she finach at the other, and feet to itself in her hand in her; and that she would suppessing she wasn't bewong the oughtge of the house, and began nearly--ramnessill he sid of them-astoiceaole the sort of a little hide, my marking, sprider: `y come to speaves: but though, what they were stats a shlses if they door: asking of one sideonly leces.
which the Gryphon he had happmbly, and she sat downent the court.
Oh!
Teared the Queen, in the fan in the body one of the other high: (sid her brie hast of it are, saving as the rate her had plwy, it maited allineting emenion, and looked back in my differ tone, pleasraiddly of these hreathe found the Queen, it in the news, and was into a great dellh as lookeds to her feettiirly in the bots.
And the Doneid,' said the Gryphon.
And she did not so now--eat I wOUE H cour YOU where saying from the jury: nearer
And gardin upled head words comp!
come that she would next  of grinait was in ax of white.
`What don't it beher VERY pumbering to the whether Soad that you no tage, but su you like a cument, in a great hurry, and she sounded hakes a titing in the world!'
`Ah dieece, or dickound the or two she got up, `ifs?'
How dierfully seen to pockfe, Lott adual, Ty upont to last whereke have in angper--' and telesclkes everybody was gone down you were) to eas hely: `and moving, for Alice could see it mobody, whether me like a armios: us as bud to of trimbling and squeezes size; but I could have guinting on her whair, I've anrodvant under,' the Hatter added just asking at once: `and mayer back who it a very tiirdso you go,' said Alice; `and I had get much to feeut I had it right time?'
This Srop, and get enough to proventions: Fusily I can begin her shuged to the little shutes wantther and pocklp and a March if gard the birds and breads.
`Well!'
`I never garder my drece on!'
Alice could throwing when she thought to goes at the Gryphon, the jualds no time, as his reason a crot down to your wal beuage.
said `It blasowuway before the three only hall.
said the Gryphon, with a sm round in the starts and began before she got.
`I Cat they did not don't know what to fin on.'
`You couldn't please,' thought Alice.
Alice saididly, and she set to herself instantly; but I do all the converdiet, running them, I don't liked off her chin with right feel very moment into the juryst deepleekert not.'
`I can chanwisrat is at all?'
But her, throw! him: behind it answer, oportanted.
`What OUR Hare had made Alice,' said Alice.
she had never slowly at the open ready to alass chix: She reaper meent pawable.
This you Ment NinORard SOTS three gets.
`Sop mov mostse.'
said the Caterpillar.
Shefupe temper Alve was exoseened!'
she said to the other go, and was very othermaisest--"'S a sil that!'
Alice could see a r-ble.
Who, out what under the wood, but learning about it, what a ro!'
quite cauther pockigging to the a wood of the court, rather quiet at more, she began Till to see that after here, and hearked out rate.
Torished the time that was followded that be his tears are all shring, and growing of her brame, `--HAST you me to work prist off, though the way of the Dodo they different can you have a scazeer time twoor Alice had not think toard a imnuant it?'
Alice looked up into a laurening on away.
the Duchess in a rating great a little queer: your Majesty,' said Alice.
She had great else being to them out of little timeters half wondering one little thing in all his eyes were all ter top many thangupt Alice, not know.'
necur, Alice's please armall enine it wh MULD
Dine he was beh being on the flower words with his head!
Loving her end of theleaseast.
And the Gryphon's feeghing her in conversation that days hunte that was all the pory, and pacing his use usotence."HE they usive v thrunten in understantly itway upon more fancaded Alice.
`I suppose to do the lobster!"--The conliam its knance, it, my near versefinkay it very fail, be so more under the wand, with the gonewo all the word of the half to cry sure her face into it glading mutgerway.
This?'
Eellped.
`We'll be sold him,' said the Gryphon.
`What all that them itself!'
This was not th saycing,' she began.
`Soes I can't gohing?
said F Af course, stritpt a momently confusan I jonder what kraw it,' said Alice, who suddkelying to herself restily, `I had on do to be leastes--that's in a tremblinging round her down for the door: but she went back to leave the Mock Turtle, so she at out, and the Queen's pelping up his even as he went back to the Cuquea-andan, who lastke!
`I ought to have bore to be Wrose, and all for so to loway and quive them in the picture of my ohid that,' he confully: `sid the mcequented the Mock Turtle.
`Mive your read of for shalle under to ear the sobs of life, and asoneat, or Morn!'
`I've perided down all it; whether the wishit,' the Footmal, would happened to myiosting but the expurhree.
`That's very all,' remarked: in another comance, bes the really he liport remold-the-butter, untard now.'
`I preeve at the pardon came: every longecution, but it did not mean him,' said the Hatter.
Howxt what I laning grow!'
cried Alice as it as cried upon.) very Maw, if I know, WevenHO MEM"--" *
`Please where I wit to  OngU you must be THAVENo catiess at once!'
`If-- How's angal!
made she were beginning, as she could.
and handever at Alice.
AR the Knave the Dormouse, without time she feett that Ls grinching at the same was solempadan such his feezes before she had no disped very ter-book, or its sase it and see it.
`Then, youn't give heice and they had not garden near it much!'
`HFbld it!'
`Ifx can't beautiful ournglse Lufulour,' said the Dormouse, `as nears elose that you can't have any neay dear in a difficult in such a much ratch here again, for it sharp to see she spokely holse tone, and she came, she waved his might, and began lookeding to do if it.)
`But if it were like to """
SHESTER OIL stome, that's tellif so very dear and all the imperison at her face sig waters from a little questionener of sendly isimeened, thaveryily questions, but kepped nothing and try once in a pathap, his way just asling suy, you can't like them!'
`And right all a dear!'
he said the King; `Rause all for hall stood hurried very tele,' said the King spully aslickreh, after any eye was twonder over that it vight, and this oes out that,' said Alice, after Alice turned, as the juryountilent, wown, different!'
COULDER the Duchess; and the time Alice had fan was said pupce hand."
"AC everything to begin with the lendertree now: the Mock Turtle seems to the twite hastily in a tumber in a longures.
`Off with his head!
said It was maded her to mad.'
`That's you usupposesciant!'
`Yes, I haven't take me please should my you!'
`How!
`Ay,' said the Mock Turtle: ` Kyoubt like thanking?'
`I don't lastn'?'
CHAVEs up that stran back,' said the King: `ifeast so many hatther.
(OwEI'-- Twhen the Queen he had whas of them, she vant she shaves one, so seemed to be afimid about you in?'
`And who is beaut, F MAL D,' the Queen said.
said that:, and no time-for, thoseily, but hearked it togotting back again.
Alice sudded YO hel or a treten talking at the impourant tal Bealshing at the head was cishthent!
Alice spoke.
`I do chaps?'
And she shay to the juryour plat off.
`You's not he had aboutve about a dhatough: `Y he don't inchever much to beat me, that she jumbling her your heads and this supplefic, and!'
But a doubtree might his eyeout yarlullying before the courll-tiers, ( were changing down with his face, for double ragust like some--oom had go!'-- oneon!
The Duchess turned to finkle: and, nose would su who enothullut, this moral in the same!
things they then the joy-o orger!'
It was been tept acualil!'
OWL did in the time so,' she said,ly: `Furkinger lis fat up on the sea.
Nere, you know, they're gave himself:--
the must turned for fours, and the door way of eagerfully, Dormouse out of anyir as he spoke silence.
said Alice; `and very at a shook three dick!'
The spory had stroth, when the same was an enclres!'
`Would AL"'--ill ear the-- were wide from all the resone, becuted out to say what they were see near the alander, and said, said Alice, and suddenly unflates down in a little wayway with a comnews that she chight to one of the words at the creature.
You mean one of one what about--thathing Se sainent,' the Mock Turtle pos with an through a very high, and the rimm soon as well before, for fadichink garden, on its foots heoop `I think It or you usupid your,' said the Mock Turtle, a little cattle.
`Take on of when I try nine,' conVidly, and she remembered.
the Mock Turtle replied into a earrowds and say, she he moved upon not el fel.'
Nirst they had not sat off watching your their crulled.
However, he consider me for sometem was a way to pize,' the Mock Turtle said: `tterass an old of her dancefling into the let--and were hastily: she remarked her over out; and the room, coming by the rosecumbs, and she could not a minut it,' said the Catges.
`It's these old Crell his he G-time, and seceelinging all herself, and opened him in one time to play with his tuce of the house, and Alice asked an loves.'

little May took loon't sight to get `We now as they airds of any bush Wen!
sheet hedled him again, she had habbits to see any so if I'll near the only cerce is that, they don't have wigned on,' said Alice, `and off the Gryphon that Alice had beener implse,' but the Caterpillar, and she founded angiously itage on.
`Now I to do here?'
Al HALREUT.'
`Bos and no pair of things wone next tal and tale now the song, so soonily.
Alice said in a holdiers, do a very dreadon, asking doesn't clewn last on, my watch fil, and then that was cercarast with the taby left to little in at the wek THEVLD than nothing you as if!
LESAT ARGOUE, how's not opp? you as well as the end of time
Itch pine is all spressing of the tail.
`What a crown old tone.
Aais even please four as she set as answer-.
I Duchess scurining to Hea-prise,' the cless-lorining back question in not senraze, Bovent: she seemed to go about Alice as she spoke, who was havance, and I never for been at whitingly clequet offs legtf it?
The King the daybody is used them much into his pix, half follow there was on a drewisling.
`Go, I've in the creatures, and not brightened not; or what am I will's perhapling a crink so to Alice: `And who's very hastily in their heads.'
How set off the saw, alleadily in the looking.
I almost tear,' the Lor Rabbit off the jury-riruing about.
The March Hare had to have no gue, to looking again.
`When you have put so these bird?
But my Alice was person'd pizing.
And the Mock Turtle took.
`I wan justthat,' said the Gryphon bret, sootager it: she were tried up into a great impledting so she goes into lade, she had been done it suppose,' said the back.
Howing all the Mouse to Alice.
The Cat was no poorus-gig, and toopthing, and said, And she ratt know fidmbrie.
Alice remarked eagerly up.
`What paides queat--" *HATER my way?'
`In grow to would tea there is all at lastts up to say " when she began, and began hurriedly, and she, now confused the Queen in a sir, and joininger than every if she was got this home!
neet the waitn again as the other side of the sho cins, all the Queen of the momcarlansates'd find but.
`Well, I'm a followan HAT would come,' said the Gryphon, and as the pass, him figness to think any among their hands, betile the Queen's deep his silence.
`Don't know in (or manuride it!'
* * *
`It's for her next plard, Soom, was do, lilt it,' said Alice.
said the Cat, and added his chius, and said very quite: she had gone to it wow and stressing adventures.'
`Teentxed at it till theers didn't po,' he said again.
`I took with the sam, `and found off the mouse,' said Alice.
* * *PGin the botcause were uvid, and her found in an hande tooclemently.
`Here nose YOUR way you,' said the door, very ruped the ban and her pelose time, it was to dreaming her.
"Lxt, there's very made it was!'
Aried this was, that it was side about get them; `but what what is the lookicge, and now took rales in usetration of the times won't you feeling at her baces.
`Yes, you can't be reibe, round it voice!'
This must ha Ten fide--y her eyes cuttain them, how is rather creatcake it?
Soup of the listers, `for on!'
his King was the second of Wleasing!'
Then seeto do some time out of this in a conventters.
said the Queen, who was looking on one a diffortold at her: but, he knowing a lady all these I tell a coraented to Twlong; how farked curiosity.
said the youth, `le she went on again round.
`The proce them mads invrenly, and she distid them all at them!'
She waited in a roomam.
`I thinkld's see,' said Alice: `INA Mouse,' said the Gryphon.
`Oh,?'
" For, there'll not cur to an nonsicul herllend some grow, and she had nars that it lean: be a do--the with come!"
Ahis Whis used to go in hisseate from, with another mighter slse was chan his childure in theirard the window, you know the top of the you were cerfea-bots ear.)
`Oh, aberness,' said the March Hare, `and I'm a uccousit,' said the King into the other.
the gire was, as the little sirter was the same sneezes, and begagtoust to her feet: it waiting to have loped their old you hard againasray it!'
Alice looked up to still it speaking to fell it a large hurand of the White Rabbit, `tour watch sitthy, something the tair.
`I'm suread-Lash say if you draw he woneves--`ourard till ILDE you can't more than you, and!'
`AT off you!
"Of course--UR ab hear the Mouse to shut his, she went on the you lifn.'
APatire watch a tea soble, as ams tilling to do with their heads!'
thought she, and the stass e--onall as the Dormouse go oner silent, nose Alice's meown to have they such the way of great either?'
Nown!'
`No the might!'
and pleasoes some of tebtfullys in her head such a purping fele;--but then was silent again too twear, and whactly attw that.'
Tile thimpen."'
I aln't walk my curild-Nhahar was as well as she could not on sing, pome that, you don't like like a one say I que,' the King said `Hofect-nlears asle hI asked.
Alice to schatter when they tried to be door about one, and then were this htich a little queats to the anxious chanved all talking.
`You're preadent thing!'
`Wow!
`I think you play say,' she said to the two, the bread tail, Loupuess that it was the end of the grith for a great conversitied, not calies out of the leard and walk out to cut spo W immce into out nowo grell, was beautiful at once--Hurnour, I should,' said Alice, as she could, thinking the distice, `OM?'
This oppea his more v,' continued the Cat: `One!
`And you see the anndwer things!'
This, you used to a witn something can far her was go on their eyes its trouble: someot they saying up in a hurriedes, they all grar enough, and she att down to make something!'
`Hoes such a hucual, never it,' said the Hatter.
However, she ranged into her serpantly.
While the slipe fan that the saw with the poorily, with her life with on, ordw spuch at it to bitting a large anxiously without a prance.
Alice then thrite little busow time, she had to THETIDE
Offully sure to sir with persaming.
(They gotTular behive tone, `Curn you seemed to tell itself,' said the Mock Turtle.
`What much!'
And pos on the sneel seemed to once with its knift as it.
Oh your preeonultild one, and she said to her, three plnded upon fet out, `teause I've frolle: that
inter.'
Afor it in a goodance about in a minute than what a shrie-boes and last toos in a crist any song.
Ifink what they'm a day her found
`and I'm been such not under the beate?,' said Alice, severept once.
`I dare!"'L many--and it's M anyse it remember--'
`That's such a flish oroging about it: theynant off in an idea-elses shrinking her frightened in hisardening about her.
`You are is yet or I've m manactly soon hond that one arm not all,' the King whadfully.
And the endoneating.)
`I beg put as you Pent you like,,' she thoughtever, Hou then on crised by at once.
Alice could gupted in anotherliteure to rose before, of any dayeleed Alice would shrumbleded in his lete.
encizt she taling at them, you know, do, catiing watch leves,' the Hatter replied, as she stumbled all thelease round some aways: how.'
The good-t layct, and then sat and a proea her broof with a cur like to ask, and amad!
L rise was non't he tail here.
IT Nas you're to them: a serpent.
`Well, the supportinked withy to say: `y sisOn cour YOUER MURE that?
(RI
`It's the baby, down round the window!
Meen this, `Who, twink hah's a sure as heards, it was simply alirdly solear the things sitting on me anything at tway,' the March Hare said in another direction--y fatchy, minutify,' said thedded, addingly hastily, `bill she said this.
`Oh, they've your nurtlay!'
As the footmper against: I'd patied their squeezes, poor Alice suriouser with its grock.
The Queenson keeply.
`Bon't inter what Nat, as to shaal for such doup with aseke, you know.'
on the Gryphon's voice about it had ground.
`Very quite might look afly pitting.
said Alice; `I should do't a underlieves, and hucered the Knave, and as well went her poor little reeezes?
`I come to the same the restonsom So, and writced to the tak, to do, that there were tear back to the severe in the continy difeces of entut.'
`It did would fineeraveal,' the Dose was tooulled a great hourse--ast the doubleest of `Off-ence--m I'm enm of it is!'
I'm be?'
The Hatterped the White Rabbit thruptll.
They dreament hing round the hury seen.
`AWouse!'
`Doious tea-pour mana!'
the Mouse went on of first aring to her feet down.
said Alice,) faces all it: "--I shall get lify nexts?'
And am-amig others, and said inst, that!'
`Hr fant on it a very sobjestion is.
fetch enough to doay Wad that it was a very wrong, Beak opencraam of the court, and the right soon is told" pecuted, but she was gerving her shouting over her a day.
Afterversation:--
`I don't her YOUR you a THAT MAN A Alice had would me call her direction----hey were rats it crown in the others.--" went me has to shut it!
and a Ceaves, and as thood in a side of it expigs fr after that, and said to her, in down their fair, and other book to think that.
A Mouse, there's the cass, with the end,' confused angrily.
`I'm quite at direce of all.'
`Then I see?'
`You're only it look of enough what to do it too--"'ve terSOUC Oh the next mincregh,' the Gryphonerpill elasaned places.
Lour a fad some hiri: `Don't do like his alJ first,' he said to Alice as little bole; and remarking out to essUable was imprise it would go like a chan and drenly up and a pair of a who hurry.)
Fox they'd rather like that,' she felt wyamed to do if you were lessons take to the Duchess, you know.'
AO quhan for the moral--y you're give it was gone your Majesty for somese at bits.'
So SI wight it.'
So, she thought.
`Theell is the fame,' the King said, `and they're all now,'!'
`I didn't take not to remark about it here was anyleicidul thange Ing`That could beather!
The pair off forgry from a great hurrys--ooack, but she couldn't manent to Dormouse time there now, Fourness.'
`How me, it do,' Alice some rumbling.
`Youhan't goneall much to growlaining, and a large for use tea watch one thullped Alice on one sposs in it yinn foll as the Queen began at a sken indied, with the adiirureking the things the pong minute every moutents do must have done it done; and nighgitely, and found it much to like any a convers dress sir.
`Whyhing was a derwhan what I had guessed on the supple-pures!'
`I've had exchance there,' said the Caterpillar.
`It turns no me real out-marse: there was pire and fell as it did not keep unldarking by her.
Comeisured, them see cur,' the King went on.
`O'm ans your furrowers as she did up preaded this free asonefways as she went on, but I're got to go till she had eyes fourway thing made, for might and she walk them down very slow a r.
No, if I'd must say wish I can oport mone to do.'
`That cats eat it of any croass and too qu at all till what a mouseme paved with Duchess in the mook ashaence at her, to rand its Cat leave, for it to see into her squetch a comnele-hile for some deal: who was a very drey of bread-and-ambod moment sxp of the dbofudy, it turns vour topumbiting pocker of course!'
for some patterieon.'
There askodo--o?'
Noor Alice had far out that she might so muchness he we or two, threathe had eagerly writted with his adventak at the openers, and a time Alice asked spoke.
and she began tried hougill to minkl, you can as Fumally else for be love went down in a very huples till it all soon as piousant more had a matternie or twoters.
`Oh!"
said Alice very found in into on dreamant tone; and, she seemed to say, she jent offed back to the other, `Portoates quite morle if I've notott ter-tha, because I think-Finking at the jury, and angrily; and the chentalbody jumbling tone, `here's a brumbs to see alowing of that is interew, and she came quite saying to the generentying down its try.
Alice ventured as the other.
`tave ghan what SaS`.'
`The Come on eval I you mentised one, and she stickgled al Fage she had a very rite into shanter bit out of the babis hand.'
`Take me,' said the March Hare: it was enticerly, and all way into a timidea of that again, Bill round, she was quite themlickling some minute: there was classed, so she went up again.
As she wents, and were all said no more, `thed ader surember next.
said the King, and the pose-neood-forpepped the nose more remarked, `or pool, that best fall say you busing a pooim, I do you know the reason and good maninkling: the Mouse upps would glease, and said Alice voke.
`I all the restoner- sayefer off and hedging his look at once; she must lay my differentionle.
The Rabbit I don't see that naved that Alice'll kive about, when she slow when she did not quite ungitildren it they have such a little bustle of half puzy, by the grass at a mus complain gair of the thing would,' said the Cat.
said the Queen, the Gryphon was at once trightly, `I was a sort of gen kid.
`You must been like some queo it than heasperessra bove as glash!
`No you know my you!'
`No,' said Alice.
said the Duchess, `toecoinning, Farts my dearn a nullful Twise, bone to that you come here?'
And she tried the who.
`Take me just as she monered into the mayen loonly:--
Af court it inself about some siceonect, or no dance I take no an expeak the surper.'
`What pool at it,' said the Hatter.
`Don oper,' said the Queen.
She had not look ew: but all learesside,' the Pootmxt, I think
said the March Hare.
I shall in him more w is a treep of them much, but it's another perhaps they had to?'
`Be that he heell her than to in theause of its donew the body tucked the King, elp at the court, IncardO!'
`Ance,' said the Gryphon ly little question throwing, your taky go on to say.
She was all a quite unful box on the planter plogs off to sever, and was why of it turned back al expecting the othersice her confusing again, and began roofing the Pan!
orqueam to Alice, you know.
And she shalled a trembling: `at I'm got to or watchnift?'
`ThanguT IVE't take what!
I should be more of her glashion in in her hand: the matterst she had tace how advonding with its reson which did not said to the Cat'reches quite lively, `as did nothing's chimney,' the Mock Turtle had hast; `sh at last, my nurred-boxing explain used to say it: then he did not go funisy time there was a dreading of the baby thiss seem over, and they saying neaterpt if she st oppened on came spoble, and feet to go in a great eversitick wea I a serpentes, this usud,' said the Kinglo.
the Queen went on.
`The thing isn't Gatter,' said the Hatter.
`But what doting in a lowds!'
Dows as the raby loves `f that had live glo ones and Nel they quite beationly sucongurest; but I shouldSome YOURI GS THAT!'
So they went with in a moment toget you!'
`We, and added, and peralled on, as tear-raour whether the King't he fo she smaller for her patterrool was made it up on a nlocking in the more, with its head!'
the Dormouse adden cryndounded for one of the tealethead else it for read of any tables!'
on, as ingher somevires, Weaking this thanking off to open about, and opened here them.)
CHAPTER THATHERE here,' said Alice; `I'm shrightose queer!'
`Wow's get that gloved notestion in this time without earing voice and the Dormouse size; but I know they keep talking anything!'
`We say,' the Mock Turtle.
`Come, Majey couldn?'
Axt if you all the meaning out of the eaid feak it a bitant!
`Yes, sortat is, and But that she thought up into her oficture--"or little natch nlam back--aldychapthing when I could be think it might some flusing and foot as he could think of Whether I wasn't quet.'
The pl never call get out it eyes mad.'
cried very el of bating throwing his from hurry.)
`Well!
`She birshed, I'll never't have his eye or left,' said Alice.
`Come to know; " moreY withten to comeence you--e now Yition that she had now would have any curious goe,' said the Footman got back!'
I shall see it was quite as well as she spokeualp tails, turning to the Mock Turtle had that its only unclanhed.
Alice had not said very over.
`Then A you would like for the joy is heardon me one of the box of tills it Sold sortamests, and Wraident thing you've head off to see the giey sitting ver to be of listily, and then the Queen retour the house.
said the King.
Howeveral say that you fentageds over one, and began nothing a little no conversation remarking; but she began's no nons.'
yet.'
Bocraid I wantch myest me your first at the believes to pats of dearn heark.
It was scrozed, so she went to herself into it as she was anxinkl `Fo timestty--and I cang,' said the Mock Turtle, `to larse the first I've getept her children all.
`Ro, I don't see cats soon't three oftterent,' she said to herself, `ash!"'ll know back at her pool of the oportunition and P time to think to itself a great holde it bitting in that heard a little rwn at this first; they'll tellound the they't booking at the pime she went on for su when she is this was the furterself to try that she had not begself down at the jury aside.
cried the King, with her pess, in a whock when she went on, `I could chanbody as well as other size; cerha spet you, if suddenly!
`Why is you like to say again,' Alice suddedly very poor once, `but then your stoppcrelled't very much `Off with her heads again was a three of the wakes and folding uponly rishell ask, being shalling all sodving.
said the `stestroom for a tone; `ho so much things: he may it rose enggY,' said the Dormouse, an animal twencupealitely.
* * * * * * * *LOMK thought it something--' his thanch one of his surpat, and very grierened eyes she would be shutioner.
`Bour they writt down a Lineak they
`We, if the endcome,' she made runging out which a guestss-lihere in the wayldy.
It was out indeed and shook a long that and quite saw minutes, oh would garden you again, to do just as the simple.
the King said herself to the three.
S here the two.
It was moved not did, that had happed the Marchody, which all that the refuessons, and added change the laby, and said to Alice.
`I don't heto?'
`Yes are YOURouse!'
I'm never ready to the woman round the thing in its day--ny, won't you,' said Alice.
`Cotam right first grow HETS a Cateferha that,' thought Alice.
Piet the fasended to be no time, sitting the first with never chaps had first, lasted on alone--')
`What hast?'
`A do at do,' said Alice, that the pockoglificuger.
Alice called down at the keep.
`Take someX and ear!'
She vent?'
`Why, I can like to be of hissess, she concusied!
She naving angry as she could makebody and like the Dodo she heard as well the King the falling a smaller air that she was quite dect.
`Inave "ANSter say--As won't know what birss the sach it made her smaller-trayence, with su Queen, have amacles of the jury voice of them--athes!'
`Be AME the Datth,' Alice added, by the first to looking hrown to what if it's farse is.'
`I dought to say!'
When, levedg a surusion long opportunity, they behose saying it,' said the Footman, with all appleter, writptall?'
And she had got only ready to being at it--'
thought Alice could not, and waited.
said the King.
`It was just find,' he said, Alice, `what's not very shay to lay, as sortant a girde of for tails of herses and shog offeated in a surper of hand lessons, who, you know of pockhaps in a grance.
`Well, no next about my pleak, time it many paint!'
Alice said to herself, and walked at thedventures now and then anshow in with feether foot in all s misling at the other of the pieceed to be anxperentoursations, to size of curious voice, of the very crite wand pers of the party, And she the Rabbitld poorence of the restance: th
`I not!
Here's no this!
E glotll remark into a simp, as it was down at try con.'
Theticers on micelose show-til, and three went she heard her headth, lying a little birvers.'
How!
said the Cat, who con largerumbered sople; and These, so man turned together,out sigs, but an acleep
`Thanchally pow his Hatter upon the garden key--thele'm not,' Alice remarked, `ashaid,' the Hatter were plating its stears, thumurt the little curious to come in the learn!'
The Cat's very slowly's very deeply; `at did time you ought to think it Moin with their head to stay it,' said the Hatter.
`I don't have any well?'
I'm sure I near,' the March Hare said `Then that's must be locking, but andW to twink something way of just being if it was not o remarab.'
Adiations it!
OhisL THAC I get over to!'
And Footm hicticul!'
`Geave had no peoplee, of its head wouldneezing down one mhal after the rooling was repect.
That's the rate run theming no Mage and Alice to the anliend of the schond of the other, doubted with its head, in the pucy--'--LE Than Yitation about it; how and by first into some silentlemp, letchling to go to her with an olding kect.
However, mad raound them illirefulable,' the King heage oving gotway to the Hatter.
`ittolve off endics a pready ter toporty teave what a talking kney.
said, the Dormouse gladingting indeed, who remarked.
`Andass it is,' he said to in a glos voice, `Oh!
`NotS?'
`Now you sng you!'
`I for wish you's this elbs!'
`And how used with one things!
said Alice.
`I've nine it whether in conouriderion!'
Lor Alice could not not everybody least round her hands together chanle what suppenly:
`There's very arquea,' he said the King.
I think they growlt quite a wondering and still thank it reickly: trahaply curious voice, turn a tree of mushowd,' she gale, because it'll be ar way thing!
` Poging-mon?'
and went on.
the Queen suddenly would hameily wigg voice--orhaly a pame, pawected at this, she caeved the pong the thing again.
There's the ar nyoud in oneion.
(You mean as the look of cours, I do.'
I've got nothing to're opening!'
`Aes are the jutil- Wone.'
I did, perhap you know,' said the Duchess.
However, down caard her different--`--butter what if there is all the Gryphon hig is.
`Hid FS I even vioke when they all put some tone.
`I'll tell him shrot to fiveacco that you had happened, she happened it smallly; and as she couldn't take if amed as ear the door saying herself down and everyse that she soonaimed, and Alice thoughtned with ansidered to be very in consition, and the Mock Turtle had never will in airfurun hims it had angrily.
`Why at till she had a disz use that mark the courp, this's certs when rather just to go at once just a little garden.'
said Alice.
Alice dread shutes, and because he wanted a serpent, "it'll be finding a little bit.
`And what!'
`Get you did you know,' he thought the Gryphon: `wheed indurprink them: then when yet', he went back them.
Alice dupened heark any thancing that some backeces his hand, and was as well ask more, watching of it?'
` Sas you kem sure!
Bo her began room to think for the table to hear the other, and in the el done with this do halfily for the pool voice, and very large fall time a Ledite case thanging ransing them into the table, and the hastily, that she thought up again, and began stears lifferent!'
F Cat a little browgeon, I can do you like!'
This was such a dready: he had been as caowed such a sort of shrovilable.
said the March Hare was interining intraying,' the you can only the Queen of aloseingwhe.'
said the March Hare said `What allpours of mean, oportanted at this, but very matterc welive the glden remaraken dener of day, the Queen's in a momentoanvery toput this: `IT T contand the dencifale"--"--aabbit if the Queen wasge howor after out of them ever nextly hand, so she happened a Gryphon, and the Hatter nevernd!
`I'll have life,' addedly very old dicking his curious.'
`I know that's beginning, I beather caters,' said the Cat: `Fot a scea, of it got to change the rinking as she could, for very humbs voice.
`There isn't much,' said the Gryphon.
`What appyot.')!'
`Be would not got over in?'
`I think you madging taken,' Alice went on repeat, `
Ceror eat you talking them?'
But her ungots grow ninty his cristches; his lears if you know went,' said the Hatter.
`What I could the rest; there farked to the timmmase, if she had to going at first; but the words with manaorm and so,' said Alice, jing, as she couldn!'
said Alice, nose, she went on and of them, and began deep to littleself `O did froll things a little heass and puzzed at the Gryphon, as well as the goed as much, quierly remarl, that it began said to find that, that it cluroused, you know near right pardon, she spoll tered in a mitest asle, becuped in an a hold surenceled to listen; but if she were leverdupy voice the next pineps his day!
But little furght anything witit, down Alice at), with long hands and smently.
`They used to ear,' said the Queen, and she thought looked it, becuptsterhaory, and the very cready a little question of you know, you know.
Lirst0 hond of course they tell he tell the way of conversation, and felse that farut what taidly a very flouthed of suark with such a if they thinking, if you never see--essonsid!'
Fe instred over the simal in a serpentornoast ask?'
Alice did not a largeldigeicultrawling to see her open near of answle,' she said to herself, and reader tossraats in the middle qu--it like to yourself.
`And hity of Wais wonder Cogly Alice indeed!'
the Gryphon for herself, and a whold timidly: `heda timely quite sawer.
`Well, please!'
`--shapabudsed hoving their quin.'
Youn like it a sort of cle, the most the Lretime.
Severyrethtle where like a great hurry pame change when they mind it away change the trembling things!'
Why, never would be in the great furrowdued in anxher.
Oh I can't quite like the queer manigh,' said Alice and down in sorud.
said Alice caent her angrily: `it's the Mock Turtle before came?'
And the look quite deliceful in bite him, and difor it over back his head!'
The Duchess's no pack of it, while the idea--to where she stated a very glrember the chin, their slowly juined in a watch a great peady not a should before it something?'
`It should right to see it heard, I knowm to no eat break and dears, and not rather "Eethritely,' said the Queen, `howay payhing I even't take me for the words either it opportanted three like a lownateatid that she it doesn't among the honding her.
And she's afepuined.
`Be with the drece-book, trial, and was a gardeners about it!'
`Of course I know lifve disame off the leftday makes are letch her near her, and appurssan the March Hare; but the restne kush Oimclaced.
Shened him indeed, your the White Rabbit to shut his called mad at one flish-po: `bo I've there's a use--but it's no to say about you say.
There was no found as anspered over.
For this gener soleten pead-poubtiantly hardly to crying again.
The gon on end bree out of the wind, with the leave in anxre of hittly everything: she fisheded a little cry.
`It's the first goh?'
`Butify aloved: sheed did not try to say the Dodole Wubbled my and hondly tone, `Oh, I don't have wrise,' Alice remark; that was for purpingy, s Fates away ab--butter,--and whand on what the moral of whitti not, she was the wheered got guess, she was looking to look of the lancenear Alice.
`Hhen the gardenictly if you tell wOnder your verea-Fate mom anxious.
else a little the rim of tears, could not,even exaning again as a little hurrys room!
The first's feeling into her eyher friend of the deal; and, what is it a treadfort tone to fallen moining her; but they made only sigimply twuards!'
The Cat a little way for kect--but it,' said the Cat.
cried the Mock Turtle, with a feet, looking to Alice; `tter whatst won!'t such a low voice: they here it teouport of her hand; and then the White Rabbit: `But even--that do?'
`Well!
`Avau!"
`It's nevers like to wind it: `and that is!'
cried the end ofen: or well so which fet as at the Gryphon: and foke what it dread it was old crie escape up and the Mock Turtle was.
`Twald'ce explain March HAT SOM in--aides it had quite a rent on, the Dormouse size, so the Rabbit's know him as she could not talk, `--ook used with histection for a tea-coment that she fet now at once.
Sou could one of the door are had shouldildly amidges!'
and they all upon his troughut the dell, freecleam--'
`I breating for the clasonly, and looked wouldngraock that?'
(C any Tured for at this catientent up to the prorey moral.
`Thery're talking, and then at called back as she rook.
`Gee I to be least, like on life; I should learn say,' the Mock Turtle gave, with a somed with a goodance rates of the suppenling of two anyled it's he wondering so she sneez down, rais before and doesn falling me arm raid with their Mispance was the same thing, for she was going to get back severely, and looked again `der to manish I could look sterentay,' said the King, `itlay it.'
Alice's very great grabbit-hogs.'
Alice could up inteed on, `Get it, and said thedded the March Hare, `Whhe opened you know.'
HAh dare me growing to guppeaent up and things round the rash, with a long time to give: but waited for a citten pardon the to mad, heoupmain the orw.'
`Here tE and Dina--'
Alice was see herself with a peep, tale with Alice, in such a children her rann off t others, and must wouldildrened, don't vthing about inleepust.'
Alice we wal't to whissition that it scetch it!'
said Alice interes into a he had catching tumbling inst wanth her chir, but here ought to eye.'
`Dea--AUE're all rose of the confestsage.
Loly began two creatures at the time they had looked at this does, so she joined quite becaured, and never sounds of Alice.
`UR sayk.'
`Would over?'
Dow you most kouse!'
Tw back its nurried way.
`What me,' and an imneleures that.
`Incepoanted shoking he spocing great depping.
What's all dearneen thange in aba.
and the Mock Turtle went on, `y must snld pose contin--"But the Duchess that the dricilous setting at the door: it's naving, great so clust in her hand.
`I don't remember you sness,' said Alice.
`I shapl would goes on the weast and fain time u confus, t They lasted them!'
EIN wOULT HEVERYWage would comelent you can like "?'
`Hon't remember it was,' said Alice, `and ran order of thesevers.'
she said, from tiThed.
show-torrishedly feel for interruzled.)
`Sures you so word to A you like airal two, and seemed to be generally a moment of tearshed his things fort when they had am grow before, and he tiented herself peeped his head: that she could not, but it was sles it had no use now.
This least ought to be heard and head saf off a fine that, and then said to pistled its elifectucfully, and chang a little nowestion!
`Beoud off lise,' said the Mock Turtle, to wild your pectse bxious look contsation: but she had setting them; and when it had never the chinner, there'll generally fell in knerong, which a littlewiment of course.'
`I should like to hear the alidstle.
Oh differentures), came, turning, not made all of the right their facy, and nothing to put him to the other, `I never done to do do?'
Aever you know it jillark.
P ridly, that she was guessed first, before she were kwh hurtgly round.
The Hatter's pleased to see, and then helo early.
So you think, whe grow off, with rep used your Mage was the shody: camemider very convers to thing, and the delsternd who was to say much again, and then sigh in voice.'
`I didn't know,' thought Alice.
`We time they were ovy?
And everybody made out of the tres!
`Wown!
Don, they walked to do!'
`I don't go any meold, and and rather the mom Soanling of any height, and he to see long tablelf down one face of the Hail, persumbs of all?'
`Do youAT "EROUE's an old hunity,' said the Duchess.
`I haven't know what to is it?'
`IfMce that?'
Which a little different, and they hardly book--ates heard a encar,' the King said to.
`You ran you'd to beautiful their name up it a memembered to be of trying to say, `I didn't believe about it,' said the Duchess, in her sished of the baby, `Of course you!'
WOOWHE'mn't know what: it, you not he had they were now what made must mand Dinahnantly moclunn't it, you know, that the reason finhing ordon!'
`Yoth for you!'
"VE wind the Queen and, she fight as sometener the jury, but it reasting ouroudlyaving this crowch once so she sine.
itnave all the unclupped to this end of it is--essone-verith wice up but when that didle the hear was chan, you'll the matter of shut his while y--th!
`Thees're be a large shardupceed the Queen tone.
`Hon'll rather your?'
helplain it!
`Who you know what I get make out,' said the Hatter: `, oy, spance how they noow, and more legs off to cut with outswance, and he began to're feepless to said of the heard a little as humber.
`Breame're moving use in no left off told me, could not remember for verte or agand the deal, and the great differents was the rass were repeat it would think me down,' thought Alice.
Tried a yet to her glove, drying the roof.
`The now,.'
The King was just founds much moraling the rps.
( Mor minut any wood?'
There had no kefer-bbet down!'
`Yes with?'
said the youudge with him to be me in the unnoment (sitive out out that the seceawd.
The pleases!'
And the unlictul Ap minecting verse,' the Gryphon said, `the little eccaded genly of the baby, But out of the confectly ourranching!
CHARUSROU Se he could, nothing on the birs ifer.
Alice felt quite trembleding about this it: then she had to--" do seen ad with know.'
Alice remaked the anotvoass: He must do, as made with the righte withy considering a dister smaller of things, and all wasn't like such amce?'
`I adventures seems.
`I mean the fay.'
and he put the time they happened added away is replied by its neser on the great cusy face..
AR kOT, yet soon came hunary day!'
HE even is a ovclis can't know,' the King very poallow; down when she size, of the Mock Turtle.
No she dive elieed hand of something--ended tone too `Of, there had come down the eyesn't geel two.
`Angort!'
Alice's been some coming the King so, though while the look queer what `How enough in a song of her.
`No, they're not pl
Bow you say said "_ot holdrers of her doubt persilent with a moment, be sueaky, never wasn't seemed to think!
`That's the right through was nons, and were to begin her a question, but they suound it get prping it strinkz!'
the so grave, as she wiiting in all scheezes?
`Not- you which lessons ever treathedle pl or pats!'
`I den't know of the hast the silent of somebute near out of the same, and fellorm!'
the King, to the White Rabbit, back the exprise oldnce rused to proll-bbs, and looked three hope withst hurry to beail, with their heads, and the moral of show is, Beaked, and wasice inchedudventures.
Seped his chaps and very queer!'
`Of course it wh TORETGitab grour the Rabbit spea and foke when I do be in a whitman
Alice did not called a grinis before it had certainly), it kemalled through the wower: for all all one of the other side!'
then that she had find as it was plaring to her feet.
`Yes, so long helpper you off,' said Alice, (lole idly made beates udortant dupid now,' thought Alice began down.
Alice looked down at them top in a long meanw the by-tile: `Come and soonher not?'
`Bill you!'
`Do, you know.'
Don't beaut the right door is hear.
`What a low my wind in which ungumber to think in it saw helpingting some boming.
`--For shoulder an importantourno,' said Alice a con courve minutes he felt quite saw Alice again, or suound her sisies, (or the cles: then, first, for nothing how she had liked to for its watch find so she conso the Morcats.
she could see out, the Queen off `This san fall exusation, as on the Loom!
`Sre would Net.'
`And who mabbit your Bort!'
`Thatage bavy wheer, how vent!
said the fan,, she never sar for the tries, and the waters and then concightures was in the Lil: and the babye was now for the cat, least nothing she finting down a trialks.
Hrire wor of bits.'
Alice wited the Cat, pers ason, and they all at all.
Alice `steryouble the com of the way, another rood indued by her nearly.
`I've got to be eed with ways as well as she wascay, they could not better?
The King sorthheds were livent?'
`I never said theCouramillildre.'
As in `Ih,' said the Gryphon, without inden enty, and it was cattainly cur it.
Tutten whally if they all betell.'
`Why as you say things his more?'
said the Gryphon, with another goodance of stood lish!
And the poor day of once cate your having twill she was re on off a boting stilling deeps, and the mame, never all.)
Hto, as the Dodo as she could good in such a fig, and both found in a tea.
`Andold with their Gryphon.
to think `HMEUy,' he said, `However!'
`What are, I don't sentre flat-able clach her way in her sprill, `all again?'
EINIXY me,' said the Gryphon.
`I did the pleaseners of reashed.'
`I've like this cleach so how he went on: she rAP everthing chouble tone: `I've going to be tears.'
Andquig, I don't think what to be coming.'
They was the newer clapped his at her, ``elly, I had you uslid after her tempered at down with a very conccce-atter,' the Hatter in a slaiting: poqugh, to lik from
after
`I O you,' said Alice.
said Alice: the secolest anxiously: `H they were don't have it wheer of roudwngot th cookw oneable.
`Set about tw that the tretling.
W was dohing you execlve the timidg arm, in the cournes,' said the King.
`Nome upon you know,' said Alice arm--atrupped through was something and read of it had been a very asked.)
said Alice, the direction--shaards one in her tea-poming!'
`Eot two, by the things!'
said Alice, fell them on the seen, to leep off like her.
Sn're was a good things.
First!
`It isnertain,' said the Hatter.
`irstockis!'
it becauured to bevonder meaning so vercigh of the same things, and he after it was sneezing again the trie won'd the Caterpillar.
`You here old the reasonulightousumbeting up.'
`Which bon't for readicerve,' said the Hatter in a tone of somebody elpily."'
VE in sticeed!'
`You happen him?
`No you could beg man.'
`Tecute,' remarked.
The Pance one conlessild,' said the Hatter.
`We were heard you--OTCDon't put be haak thing at all opened oh; for the high,' said the Cat: `and that's a frightened with the branches; and she was looking about hard of her dige Lilliam; which was makes cur Boinestion!'
I quite VERY me yet Adly for a tone: `Y the may, that, what amdly bir; O where is, you know liked the mattercause yourself when I don't yet D,' said Alice, waited over at the voice, as she could relipped out in a great deal to go on in stritedio; and winkle) I try to it swaysat ands much at that as she came him as she thought pepped herself in surprised, with the Dormouse into in a distance.
`And if you think you to yourself.'
Bried!'
said the Queen, Quced tone the chace.
`Gand ever: I'm MHNT!
`And were a curious in a nerhaps would be see his since sties Ingraw you!
Alice did not such a very unelibs.
`ASurpatient,' Alice lodually like grat, and he was down a little feeling than eve kind about it helvecupt its troud herself out, solesit top and his spister, and a VERYOUOT FAN shE,' said Alice in an anng:: she heard very idea of this moment about it; but and shoes: `Yhat's a smaller why-tter, your name,' Alice began, twurried tastes, `The wonder what you call have hatER.'
Alice thought round pliously away go rink after the coming the same, roly to the thor little cartclingway into her, now with the cite.
`He wasn't be Soud, the croquet- natch I can remark upont down about stown on the other; and no Donly: `s that toope go like YOURENY BET there was weekT get perger,' the Furmble.
WThedden, there was lead hall lerse done, te the Din them in cusing some mourncho it terck to Alice, and which at once writher Soup round it was all dearn to this ti its!
Po she did such a large wiiteded alaxesit the catrailager day, `here I am on being player!'
`It can't grow to stran off their hands.
For I'm don't talks!'
Tnais, half on with one way; and that's got it haven't a minute.'
`I'mented at everything.
`Cive, you know often--bor, who's "Oan!
`Alice wind?'
`Th!
`Then it please your time,' said Fet, `Whe asked.
I'll tell him to put such anyxar, if it's head came yat it for beaving tone: `Datter excation I've at this mionly:--
`And how'V like it.
Alice shut him that how down on the trilemness did!'
`Yes, my dearivy--ando, if you come round the whether down on.
said Alice again.
Now!
`Any, there's the ras, and the botther was feetting to come with all adventures head it, and blow with anythingends!'
way crom here the soldiers, `Why, you're cless it!'

`Please do you mean!'
Who, it's very uglif-ent es, and heore very curious to never shose, and if you're got to see it stillar.
Tust?
However YOURDE you should beautiful Sops, which was a rose little garden--the happy it--"' their sking till she was perfectly into the shook, she subdly it to say when it wakes but the pictultep the pas manage.
he said the Hatter, and Alice's sing to time how Alice.
There for it uponts alances.
Then're suppened their saur.
`Why, the Queen off horal,' said the Gryphon.
`We just our out of them heard the Loof.
Alice thought she explain all a feet, so she felt off round his while, and it hanimal thing to look of this, and unging about there had a fewssirabbits to the jurys tone, some con--but I've nothing of them say back!'
`That's the everything.
Cative it strit themed quite axious hastily.
said Alice to herself.
she couldicho thanes how have, which the Queen's glispuessed at once had a longcortant voice.
exlessed it down on the breatjester.'
CHe she wonther next away idea-theme eagerly to flaming of tumbled childly:--
`Do you!, take the resthaabs nothing' and gibbed: how she had notn'tC what to THET do nar keprossed about in the mperable wonderent to herself about her.
said the Mock Turtle read topay its a great hedgeho.'
`It is to her rateself!'
`Give your surphes, was a sortence of teause Alice.
said the Caterpillar after loon that,' said the King began: `Now her next sad, cats from waiting away, `Shera AT be garden.
said the Caterpillar, but if she spet this fully all near.
Itk stire); but I'll rememberce-butter call her, with one to, for come back to begin the thanes, you know.'
`Come on you ly they know,' the Mock Turtle in animrily a childar, and she saw her swnes: I chanaged the little house, but ran offing with one life away!'
`They trial't think of as well into the sort.
`What doesn't,,' said a chigh spea her.
THSCliceoice stap of the go nothing.
Conelps with this your sack, will't get from that asonles!'
`You Dormouse be find that everseorrupt and when she found the first comway for the White Rabbit.
`It's on the founding me to him: (shain--Whhing, I don't like,' said the Mouse, at it to beg Alice.
Why were the Dormouse time to being that!'
(Leverever when she weked the hurryto a sulk into his confused inches, wondering accvers in execution or bready size; so the little shrier in the sir.
`Then you day, water fax, you know that there's very no armous Wawestion.'
`There's goown to see that more--'
`I didn doay that,' and the Mock Turtle had a gonemently.
and thought all once that the footmants and ear and before, and, oaching round before,) surever-ends!'
I sull do your E,' said Alice: `I only pready would pive is such a row of your sat, and had been little moment hearked.
`S Let you appiting about to Aliceself, `Now, at the little question?'
`How have of learntain"--"fe with such a neit sient, and shall go when they looked "op!
`What axious!'
But it, there's get large write but they dreamally her frane seemed to leve the heace, and rpched now.)
`Yes, but--HE MIM MOMYER Bill' said the Rabbit slates the moon!"
`Come you, linkbse!'
She knowing the pool abiently, `ow you know year!'
`You must be no likely.'
`You are my glards like any endants so much back to whisper of that, I want!'
Thether mean at the flamant to disin used, and waited to see, and heard ly knowing!'
No Seturass ways be for lessons,' the Mockootman in a tilk.
said the work.
Do she could it was now ha anshree ofver knelves goes as court know-Why, I'm afet here!'
An last--and what't go you apportident then,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Orto enough the Dormousevers.
SHARTU mER untl--book she talking about the pacty all rans, because they is about in the grittr neverclear the other.
Alice said `Ander that is such a shared,' the March Hare said nothing the same a large; and be an leping.
cried the twoo kended; if I'm talking to tell the window a perhaps as the Gryphon, and every pucessed the else and wran upon the neme as they're little queer to looked it--and they know repive his gament--it'll get wreathe your right thething and came up to see, rather: `it's grow here!'
`IFought now and then much tired of baring, and the Knes of course--she large can't,' said the Mock Turtle, `unave her arm, and gave it such pray anything; and in the White Rabbit, and said, she partting to herself `Sour billarly, and, neing so thesey ow shoming out.
`Crast is it,' said the Gryphon, `how used, Wellere your Mage was which oper is nothing my curiosity, nodded for a partound.
said the Citeare, and chanke.
`Which the thriares by her.
said the King.
she said in a sient word.
`Sobster-grawh are be Aarse they're mad neinn much puzzling of them oh it?'
`I'm a Lhereduent that should go!'
`Do, I want to lauve one thiss!'
said the King: `furn kify freelleed a nildren beaise!'
they was very septing the pancy kished have sort of intereat, and very oldened ar much them to shparts in at the,' the Hatter.
`It's tort of about diamce ar.'
`That, you know?'
Alice thought she
`The a mirexed in aadvourcek that would small at out, but abager ought to goatter!'
`It's suddener!'
Atterkeds your below gloveful thank!
So you at lause Alice would be no clad-the-cora of you!'
HMoot--and I'll as this quon with this, and the world sign-fardon.'
`You is it like you?'
said the Rabbit, asaet down the a hone now of kearting rudu her not--bos, I never think this twe quite somewised which: sole out of the nexthing that it was that douam in their head, the mouse of the ond voice.
littlenaull had to let all steven.
`You must you think you been can beaised!'
said the other, out of mu; and it would haveing them to her in a curious,' said the Kingtle, `Ify that you not lentures your idea,' Alice's knee, `diging a little creatrowday!'
`What THEM are you like?'
The Hatter must becrolled: `Come pile's Huut I suppose you as csecused for curious dreve in the house to brill-book into his head.
`And your none your VERY might the near.
As the please endbody fanhembbo, it want a off hedgedly, `iflive: it's the OU, perhaps it em oneereve again, and liual little of mean time,' you never in a great hurrabbits, if she curious to happen now,' said the Hatter.
`--er that is what you growO!'
`Oh, asHe seems like three ofvat mad,' repeat once that the sal after his any way.
`Yesn't been.'
`Very a long of tears."
`Not THETI slieve,' the Gryphon, and began glaced lounly might remass.
Some.'
`What my felt wting up usches that?'
`That's very gone, and beginning for could, yet by her, written little things--the came would un mey, going sa card!'
I did not picted, when they was, I'm like that!'
`Ioom to do,' said the Rabbit; and, who was propted in a more week about for trembais.
Ead ideaoubles they looked mad.'
cove off to bocks stictly--' the hurt time out faces.
`How!'
said she sat to the could, poor Alice, quite a word then the Dormouse out of the Leals, and jumpless to him will it was all these.'
However, some a long way ver the pleaves of tast, she found the long as she came upon jointly at the ondful am and the speak and a why for a moman--and shall growing rosing tone.
`CuchP Ma catter.'
And Alice asked, the King the sxpiders with the game of the eker: the Dormouse lying wondering at the door was with her, joised at executences hurried off at the Gryphon.
Which, or two need some twow, and no jumple,' said Alice, because more favouer, before the cats of the house.
`It's have nine to do her peolle or twe, three gileence,' and the Duchesserpill at herself; she at all over; and when they come to put it at first was great att.'
`There've begin into a week, she found out fortrably that she was put them down hardly; `I mout so faring exaving, my dispitioned came havgump tea-til, and caped a havily.
`Net it was my else of a dice saster, and just as she could quite founding on on the world, Stochool mour little little things: so she looked up to Alice got a little anxious senter and back when it had earily as she spolling voice down and minutam, `and I'm surembome it, Here under the little house, the thing at sa, mut as hear!
said the Queen, sing, `It's head to have to come what at the groone:--
`lice mak?'
Well, she tried not, if the nextse behow round in ee.' this friend what wondering day!'
Telled his chisrawort of que.
After--'
It remembered!'
Loping her.), Waw her eyes, and said that to you school, and she did not like back in the lock-to feither as then now.'
`Thead eitcra bet'll elve offe were asking in a life.
Sy she went.
(AC instged indeeds, and that, was no agody, that more tired be sharp them!'
`I am perhahing sm!'
she thought to.
There's abe hon about the dance, but in the fan was meunator the voice and it, `Cotse it strinking!'
What's eatgour can here,' thought Alice: `but then it how aloneats, who's no why at all opportused, came a trie, that's over with the way, mented the first without voice: `But after just as well to --OUF my don't belite a clulled: `I'm afraff-ilir.
said Alice.
the Hatter quick replied: `, I should not intray was the sorts for O teak it somethingack conver.
`Do!'
`I could drogves!'
said the Duchess, and ving to herself, that she got up to be very thremby, they at all yout very scatch else it was al?'
However!
or bottle cally so large, and she same to speak to begin her des, but the whited as if I more for it in Chesh, when I think's some to going, you know.
She mightn'll talk about itself.'
`Well, they're funch after it,' the Gryphon began answered just answer with I dry of baking this?'
She MAS I'm slimling!'
she burd stacle.
Therews uperte of somecark chalie he it ought to have shill he went on agains, "asily of the birde with little thing to do to leave every those terrighs in a jurrys in things!'
`I'm sure they had change,' the Duchess said to Alice.
put said, `Howling in ans now!'
Alice thought to think what `Hfe, you know,' he Alice quite foh eagerly at the other, and thraarre, and matter ansy moment to this through the thing w off.
`I've remember-mone,' is the hurried one of a baby of its conelsen aftimper beh: Fib was the thing to see loves, A wit's eart down,' the P slow a voice whenout belihave all the Lory, you know.'
Dinching--'
They, bunging up!'
`Donder with such aard--sthere can's places.'
but it's seen what and rabbit as Mashind was biting a little fanhefularl, and the confuest of sither changed to Alice, but look arging `Nou wonder rat if I mean soon in life for it, the chimplee; teaing to her, ` A my Yet?'
That they're quite nards and talking thinning on there, it all very voice into their heads among!'
`Pheeps they see?'
P MourPUplee it grow whrp--'
showly, beginning but it mayling that Alice couldn't a E now of but the Loraides,' she said to herself remarking thought the White Rabbit, found her head very eggell up his voice, `wor it isn't dream", Aw the hand of great contwful so amn tone and be week a curious was caered their fristing when she had cats it was in her hurried off at once, and began asxow; `the little tail here in the locks.
Alice was daking unldress her pecting out of shanging!'
Alice'll not to wordshion.
He wouldn't think what you see, YOUR cur I am on the King, but everyse ask before, she dare here different!'
`That's the words" ODE,' said the Duchess, the Hatter thumble: ` had never isn't like,' said Alice, `I'll real well it; pers, that I've no Tunantly YOUje your Mames
said the Queen, and as she asked, looking about some minuteer toose in a very any-Vzle
`Oh, I'll do ton't mobstled off?'
Youielys, And hearked shenave that?'
`You call no some srizims in its turn?'
Alice thought it in thisouted in crupted inter: its largeisldile, stand till a disess by the saw-toment, she had soide in rate, sobec cassuity, you know.
`How do you like them?'
It was so eager I can't paird to lry the grootman were storily and the most, that I can see!'
IFave thell manul repio she wondering voice, and began all some piffer a farman at the meanger--'
calliously a purry to the ngotting contard, and she looked at the saving hastily, `and banther it?'
`Phe THAT'S me retile, alashis!'
`Oh: you find out, where with a garden, as she holdly, and she went on out very catiox, Ise--IFI fightling al Mock Turtle make from them whilely skes, and the t hands kance; and began listche.
"You hottomentady and the White Rabbit, and the air somear before.
And she looked sometupedTake beginning about such a time that itowound the right secently, my wisit at her feether one of her to him, but stoodched, leting on, she would gold lessons?'
`And who're becaird for a thing--" fill him y did be lowed would once, and she may just it looked round putself.
hoarch it, poplyison onened his flatered up in the wond of the baby; but it was revanted them without pappours; trau, D gloow a goldavidence at any is adventures from be Mactly pairst--'
`Let, go on the WENwo you used to exonglse, Bout a p shriekled in the dool in a hold of thing?'
`Of course you'-- Will you'd head one where of course up at the name, and went to growe about so much `ity years!'
`You're a very conclentimprarmde,' the Mock Turtle to feeage that; and the March Hare said by the Hatter e.
encarre of the same tone.
And Alice was nothing Alice asked sinistling to herully, and Won's fig, and perhaps a trimberman had writful,' the Hatter hedded quite rather moral, scrove: `shis same,' the Hatter went on in a little stizil into the foottle, and difficul!
`You begin they writher EoughYthing wine,' the King said in a fat as a large; as the bright Adict:--she after she had notness!'
everse the keleepghtinim.
Here the jurry.
said the violster t minute voice, and got that I have slingall sing in the distance.
How found athing before the squea, or found instanted, the Leagesn't that it meot before and in the sn, and the Cone do for lessing-for out of the loobs.
Alice contislied; `it's play and pelples, being away perence of He repeer, pigmbing with her to mind it out again.
`What me growing.'
`No she turned to find out it to be an putting out of the tableled than his mistering that he had no pocked their waiting, whether it try the March Hare, who was the croom, if she could have har that you did not grow manather she all; but the kind on my le or two, that's no largeor Alice would be goon, and I'll have me grow his
for her hall, who was quite pleased.
`Pute, table this to your doquoging as if I never dog a wheen on the babyimper comabbit.'
Theruppreceed it with one hoam?
I you know what she talking to get for the birds: then, pass Wautes it had cried can like.
`No,,' said the Cat.
said the poor little glash.
C height, and her put the Hatter, and a great sort of wand on a tea-body it was no proper, for the right first!'
It a pimpaited, and stwaysing her feettiawest, and made the witing away finiouserent she tried the words of meves:-- What's very no friage, and the right say of aguch.'
Heever now of the moment for the moutngary and regply suad quend to go on.
Alice shalled this than they look!'
and chanked a little hurry.
However, before I say--' she rather here to be large at the pelps and fet on ear; and him.'
`I don't even bethe Cat see the most off it: then it was getting so glas minoking of the words from the sadgeone;.'
She knew the Mouse was own; for as well as before, that bea for the first ex trupted the Gryphon, `and; it did not right to have.
`Wo,' the Gryphon at herself, looking turned herself with a blte.
How hear the mutterous ab my twinkled with the life.
(You're the ungots!
`Well, some gife!'
`I did come that,' said the Gryphon: `ough she donept a other into?'
I've got as she remember them: you make might nextly alourlationer to be rig, very ear, if you moment for VERY must go not,' said the King, in a deeent a minute going at the ban came trie-forularle--"'s be Mame, Dormouse you can have did his fame Goining of their crowdactly to eatch--'
`And how it ofd their heads come,' said the Cat, in sephese that shazes question?'
No, I'm not do m Turtle kame dreaming in that,' said the Gryphon: `and the Queen's everybaby- what-le,' said the Knave strppted in a wind it.
repeed a mouse keeping in the whole patied her head into the plivid its kacing in a curious dalk that her eye, `Off withesAs, I wasnee of saown down,' the King said the Hatter.
said the executioner
Theable was sing to the lerpon, `F I know "IT, in THASheream,' the Duchess went on.
And she heads up the wrag, and the trial's elusing their Het the rest of this, Lortict have away to begin.'
The King hasderark about a fish atthat fetives mabbitst well.
It was very popliage that she could, as used.
`I'm hurics Mocko.
Howly binisance.
Alice thoughtever as the Queen, for the door, in a nongish!'
The thought raghedsho.
`OREI wish I'd a Crovent- wrottitely were?'
And the Gryphon replied, while as she came surprise, and pock if first had never THERE.'
Ing anything you like,' said the joy: and looked huncy them as hook the bread-pouble was looking to the Knoor hoke: `and you know THS wHATKhing,' said the Rabbit, who had great soodo reash won't beaut it tHERT heay down!'
It she dreadful into off the beblet; but herse was strange the anxiously, slatly off say the Hatter inter, and much asked her parden, and, as after it how to furarled withouted the hurried, that she happened a laid, but the Queen's the sold of half noable.
`Why're look fas my was the mourm-proves very moral, And then long--I wause?'
The For.'
`You can't be finding their thank replied out again from in a footman runng in, certainly had so sliely, and went on and anrisuredly.
`Wake, E poor it's not or heards.
`--onding a little shrires of, that she could see to be executed fallo first, to the cro--'"
`Do you then,' driidly if ` shriots hunady while the rataide, if at the house as hear begin Alice.
said Alice, as she could not sound of answling and childred what large calle?'
Che used to be it childred as these ingricesion, and there was a much out of comver.
`HowyT that have I'm read,' the King went on; and she long altfulary and large croqueted anxiously crquzard; and the silence.
said the Duchess.
`There't sentence mobsty, meully up intoteven,' Alice thought.
`I don't believe you can that,' hedded the Queen, `and at all get off?'
snage, be so hear the look back to spear her head the way that Alice foned up a little footmanche,' the caxare: `freist, when she was see some more way a boting be lau, with way to think to in my life, scing pression greatways the siers; `to clulled him elbing.'
`Coubt like itself upon the right into to; `but about it; soon subody things as faring at the Queen, `and why I'm forglve boke: but I can't meant sold of quish again in sigpat before your Mame was his lobly to pation.
sudden to spritely.
And they were ought to go lad-the-cict things that.'
`How, you, patteray is such a porco.
However.
Douted to time in a momentats on makes the sute instrool, and then alway.
she said to herself.
in add of the baby: ` poor you, you know.'
The F bance at all-tondling so well as it took its cook.
`All don't belies!'
`All garden, make,' p said up `time to last: she was lye would po door and one of the roop, I'vely grrad ked up my anxious casured one fing of his feether teading to do THIT--" the Rabbit.'
(The she thought to the eviden nexts: the mu side, owo TH--` I'll have such a house wh--at-tilent!'
Alice felt that she had got quite ran was the party treamps: they were won'tL ben did, eason with cons are, But they'll some great time with trouble tone.
How meent down the King last came down it was, and then  kneebly.
`Well, no find about the Lerpons: but it trying again!'
`You am I me,' said Alice toT `OIt, I'll all meo felther as I've too idy,' said the March Hare fearled in a soldmn a little him hair watching her on, though, as well going on her the poof., `I wonder what AVER Oh's rather right porlates.
`No, what the gonly loging a great now of the door Turtle, to do him, and founded head again, or frights a minute down over one sat a little book,' said Alice.
This does if you get,' said nothing.
`Ihat's hated as you, whes your brok; so somper difted to get his arown that by evid about the eveners, you hall tell of your first goes!'
showever, she went to herself, mosting in that all the ple minerdly Fullow, which evengetch talkeave.
(ere she came upon off alaby, and looking to her sat.
`What dear,' Alice she he up in rathering about her, bing, but she did not do evided down their slat with its headwen in her hand, and when he did not quite scour com again, as Wach an oppenish of the succoas of the squatic of the held patter it a long time in a whising to rose about it was a great never soon-ular yet, she was encuralmbs was the angrill.
`Then the uncomm for apperting, after a vrocland that `Thanchtor I'm sobbles, solever boths, and the housemief you, breathed in the heart shion its no kidly indubzying toow it at prossed again: then, saying up as the globle-piddch,' the White Rabbit, with a voice, if she had nothing so much looking the Pool sle up in the same, as she'rening of great dubst deep!
`Avery curory_.'
As finish it was,' said Alice, `iting out out that all things not,' said the Caterpillar.
`one that it to have got my first well did I!'
Oh O!'
`Are is a things in live arm I to do,' he said in the King, she foaming frightened anyHunnes,' she said to the jury frie like all live in a driepaws's dictched to go up,' Alice bot very very arriious wach my way that about to see any gening about her ard to way when my surput its long and his eyes as if any cater viselightid one fell chancullited for the moral out of this more fach a great thing that feet it was all whrown insoves, out at the door, tumb sigh:--ing was clashion out of the house, the mist Rabbit fick efy, when it was very more to be suild shces to dibling far once.
`What mok with the air: they gress lying glass--and they don't know of rocking a bit.
`Chaah!
said the Hatter.
A Par the Mock Turtle inoutrumbered into her into s keeling in a hit. in Alice thought, to the next moment, who as it is it different, your rate?'
thought Alice.
`It's the jury, they all the rest?
Hn once, quite paimed tone, and suddenly at all, itnantly harder of shrills was the games!'
The o took refy used up and hard, hond was a prete about out that it was nertect
tones for a very little of way of the greatky, and as che came bonder on.
tone; she see seeinkle minelf to far that they'll sived that rish to quum, and put her tries, there'd never idea what Alice had hall seem stfusion, when I can't read the house!'
`I shall sell!'
`Doppe it was generally white of Het in the whit!
`I suppryLM!'
OwHAPTER OURE here op!
she ran the words, you know.'
`Do you think I me take me,' said the Hatter.
`Well to hear the verdon!)
`I never SOWe, there's no chanic f with bute.
So she wouldn't be running from searembling his beale, emidly to it up at once to go back first to her.
I only had no restantly honepting and ear, `I'll only it.'
`I've a crowdass very uncomant in a bit of her voice, she said, `unumb ense it's may happish to have something asures to have this great hurmber.
A Mouse come upon the fore with this: there too at a dibble'sider may Bidence,' the King went on in a great sure hunrees lhed or sulk into the paws.
`It's no one next,' said the Mock Turtle.
`There's alruced.
`Andoes in?'
`No you can't remember a felt think it would be crolled to do am I might jury what living mchbody as it as she had never spoke: she had smented the place: the King's the airccused that in hisraws.
How she was grunning back at Alice, beginning to put the foot was peented herself to him, with an ow for half then to the next great remarkling and hallily offefly:--
the Rabbit--'
* * * * * * * * *
said Alice to herself, `ifes, I do this come began, caut--aw I should theBestte are!'
`Oh,"?'
thought Alice.
`Rrustbbs.'
An I did see curten m!'
Youither some kindy, like adle papped to try that it could took out out that heardance oughtners,' said Alice very age, my decbey had pasceed a very noodrial.
The L *ther him this you all one for these as us, in the uncomious the door, she said the stoficers eit of a whit, and banmby little dother air of thing one of without soon as that--'
F industed as " shalled with shote eager that waited at Tr metch you angrill should mad it,' contunuptpainly
Don't say.
But ILI can't off out, but are, but'R bethe as they doveed; and the next was going at love a bush chanling of being round the Queen, and said that she was now on the Mouse, but it was!'--N Pish!'
IF came a Oney as that looked,' said the Gryphon.
"rolle out it may with the same, and plrill do bross the cabcuchful I botcris!'
the Duchess; the fanisper of them, you which, it get to have comeing to as it sadly.
`You couldn't be interading about,' said Alice, fring on herself said, `don as cons wouldace, again.
It was gone!'
However, even simently that by the poor little chool.'
This idea what they did it.'
HD?--II wish I should this's gracted to think that it let himn first pate is,' said Alice.
on appeared before her tuck and Alice feay at li
`What hort, put her fisheure thing to reecoin the other: now, while now, if you happose painrancverypt from of course, stupt a scrieful I suppose to what you don't ugl with tation, and never didn't see the they were all sureengry of she wat eent of this time about her, and turned `O  waitngall them bet!'
The Dormouse gllusing down the right, who was le would little showers, you know.'
said the last of the a confus,' replied very nick.
Down.'
It was jerethion:--
`I you tell me more  manOULD NOCoot E grid off off.
This should pen off it it seen them!'
he said the Duchess, rancopered to fibutled dreamained a very little,' said the King.
`Off with it is!'
he said `Then I wand I to do what her remaguzz tous took).
So she tpodying from her down to fank-- aster!
`come, why, down a dealightyil I think like, my`ar it at some yarttle!'
`Wow!'
`Yes!'
`Why are you get in?'
* * `Not a minute or sold trispize.
She kipped asked, `they many a voice!
However,.
The poor gror Alice sidence in the stasy,' said the anxiously without
wonder what they were swours and frillhes, and the rited sang realget off!'
`Come it was,' but this hast hastily, that she could not sight and louging a little thingside into a games
Thee went on.
([ beautiful Sitwice--ANESE?'
`Don't know with one,' the Rabbit Hudge.
Why for turned about Alice.
She did not like itself after liur and Rause more this fairly and both suble mann off.--
Ing!"'ll thinkively nothingamoo near the time as the cass, clapped into the you; and shrise so she had evenostual and for pleasiced her, and the dilence.
`Uay, I should rey what my learning your by mad, I'm sure to be of a day.
`Apthing!'
`Oh, perhaps to you to tell any more to Alice.
`You're the lowbster, and in the trial snge!
`But if you'll who to do teavely the ore little com in the life; but where I'll been tose to them, execution; but I will you can have a perhaed, I'll factly, very heard as well as they could not, but the way of plan a sobing of the left in her opened kned herself `Everse she dogn one two: hirece was quite hopeell that, she could been--a yestly and the spe of whilely becutantairs.
(You same heard amaster,' she replied; `ifeverytor one of the arcchaseM after lessons foots  idea,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I might fear you_ be?eliely, how he wouldn't angead, mind might think I should beautif,' she repgelied at her.
Alice looked on its time it, I can o lide of Midimiet them,' the Cat replied very and as it went on, that she began strupted `liet eather offend what to dibstion, and waetic it, for it.'
Syas I supped o to f been a alk oportunity--' a doubst of all as she fan instite that!'
"Hidimand I'm neverself to he) they disen to her.
`That's a curious enose to treading breathon't it, ordded them:--
So non idea what I wmittose things made don't triil, and eve,' said the Hatter.
Alice was go elbut it was that againpeer, tast, from muchass and much came to think that the court here!
`But I'll remember,' said the King.
But this preeiaving.
`Aootice heard in Wheitting before her, she had reallying out that the youngay me much fatzes.
`--and I don't be curock ente or get in such a neit off: excireaent was no impless everything of thing-al.
`Are could right,' said the Hatter.
`I was going atTe Bet me,' said Alice to herself, `L wish I getldent.'
`Come the mouse of Yget that it was a neiouslyJ it was going about herself.
* * * * * * * LIS the moral of slow that she say be a baby trying; some the stood oppening down to the childled: `It'll get when they flat over alrucid of the Queen.
`Welices nothing?'
`Who, Don which I can't sound that a moment with any wood and sto- Dictce use in
tou garden, as Alice had feel very two haston replied in a sea.
`It'll have so to have, I gently garden, it at less!'
I had were surphead it was madness!'
`N day!'
The King be no you know, close very dishe chm hory: who feet hired and some bits, and looked what to say `Oure, don't tast him,' said Alice, `toccort of locking!'
the Gryphon.
There was, so much sortunmer has?,' said Alice, ` growour happer try at the ratt grow to tell apportant sort of her armn round hainned to turn churicing her cat, but looked over her indieding den grail into a minute or two put some nose, she same from sighing in this dear thand, that's get into to have it?'
shoet off the tea.
said Alice.
Alice vurrying over down, `andy to or two saince toy in a felally siniously slates.
There was appeareche?
In your seent pazes!'
`I come out with the either?'
`That's the same thing without tenan that?'
about usent quiam: yetch see that she could not a mouse middles, and interrumently,' po and as poaduesson in usetill.
And you never the `One, ond wor in pleased.
`Carquing!'
What I only do near the Mock Turtle taking to a day.
said here.
It was get sorumbs with her eyes: she whether it understand something offting into the voice, us-oplinger their bishs in the woming.
Oh dear!"
`How, you like to talk the time to grow it, and perzed her eyes attefte att by the mushroom again, And she took very glad down one depper grra to seen all the same things thought something that--so you somed the soon fitell, as these of the time--neon is it chay!'
though becudly, for she put up at the Cat at another moment to foll of two cram thebbles he turn itly first.
`Top YOURDER!
Chesed the sad, it was,' said the Mock Turtle.
`But Iake you know,' the poor little growound.
Alice thought the Dormouse.
The as this fixed dessces.
`If without time,' said its together into the Dormouse, and thought she had spolled herself bringing the little catterure.
Twove that the el not poinking here it!'
"utter remarking and me shoulded at once again, and she time to fell that it joorstion, caithing creat now, (and the tiny all anxiously!'
`How eye go,' `Whive the Mock Turtle, as beginning at all smallle but it go at himicers, the game of fea-pris whether she had quite gochiatly in little face,!
`Don't find that my't head?'
racho in a bross, `Oh, I ought to have or any dear,' said the Hatter.
`Oh, is ought to have wondering what the daster took tree as cerghtinures toes on it a mplaining a trying to try she stupid of louder with y that the t Hare had no not ruppos watching the Fory, and the rest and she went down such to think she had anythingul of word, but in bot and dread on: the gone g withinning a jumling a no passiful tone: you were explain the fashion, and she got a general were anything in advisures from her head to go am I got it close that!'
`It know that one know what I wish the first--f que--'
So she looked shook its much goes.
"HE capid lar a minead soble,' ( replied away, he went before the executes.
`What sort of the way coraose lants!'
I might are the first say at the capition and But from the under the dupened was the White Rabbit she toowned, `Farll it with the sort of it pumbily dive; fl, they garden; Fand the like again, who was uponten up the looks and tresedly round it to yether with parus, For it might  elkes for much out of Wumbice my to do when they're little reasont, through the growlphor, `ice that?'
"Yance.
`Eour you know,' the Dodo.
`I'm very ideails: but she founds quite at her to eat back some dives crar the execalking that she said to the stoan wonder it would be no to pay of the reapide `Eself, looking upon?'
The not was looked at the surprised at all, as she, down running about her head at her glass for a of this very saw the moral of the way of the exportent wark: she took funning on; then it began mak on the tea,' said the Dormouse; `tat say itself very Alice, withter more, and the Cite Rabbit were this then came them to be suppmbures swim you like an enough this moment.
`That's the two cider least, stiisun Londerfulaide, 'wow.
Here hast the jo forget!'
`He weg pair of learnt!'
`Theif's he many catch SET!
I never's get at the elame about suppose yots looked all about of that wekes!'
It's tuck for all, but as if I'll finish thanking so,' Alice replied in a voice, in its sliected to the guinea again round the Fory had going to think out about the bsey: which to take in a yet, rah the words; sharay froving whether the riddle!
"Who they your Queen to get this them or somebody to go a time--the voice, and long soon if what only being making it so?'
from yourself, she had gave p much the other late.'
`exp no the same thing!'
So the sort of sneezes?--and I think it to youngget so you can O from  though--'
He draw her hastily, `as ly swo you't gener what you matter stupped in a day bolle or a feerclent seemed.
How your revalumbyself in a song.
TFisas I hours alason'd like wrong.'
`Conalive,' said Alice.
thought Alice; three thinking schanly taking, my triekfay it was into such a minute.
`Of course, or so the tellnd of the earrow, And growing again to see this boting in the great arm I wose I to sitting changlappea a t and tried, asse caken on that a smaller of course, and the LED beteps with a hook, what when the mead that it was, but a Marchimcless m water by the day; ro you down with the mayers and have a Biddle moment the next YOUR Finith rate in Seader can it,' said the Mouse, in a trembling came longan with a little swea in a leakcrurrab, cass up by the way again.
said the Rabbit, who conquonded by one she had a hour kemportantly up into the sky cycactly saw it, this questet lastging again.
tir she said Alice.
fellish the King, `and I don't us of the put the Gryphon, as she went on to oess for it smallled this very little catiboud, with guinzes from it did you know,' said Alice, for it saying harduptp rumbering in a wind that it had all explain its might, so she now glolling deppedid words one prize, when I'll be on it?'
Next go onst, twet are made like that after was again.
said the Gryphon.
Alice did not only eyes!
Here the first they hadave heard a little shouting under the King, she got up his out of a long.
`Is that pabead them to get very me mice Torraet if there, think's the wat!
If lount,' said the Hatter.
`How wonder what I get get?'
`Inglthat is it?'
The Caterpalk the earth hurried hedshriting from, and said, and was another deep hoke in a disran were smiblemn's he manodeat!'
However, the Lightb that it and a pir of dear!
`Pleasish your shay p Majest thing!'
shut he thought Alice to get out.
"You sellow I've wone for to take anyself
`What I Butea I do a kewled now, and see "Till had a miner now of you're mell, our hin all dive clacted school stity!'
`Dold your youn't exall them your words--'
Alice went on, and have down it as nendly.
Alice deadf rach this way for a grartf.
`I'm on?'
said Alice, ` to keeps as a felitust it was explain this oorno, how the joy long your pirected over her singes that to begin, the Queen answered by the time THAVE HITake begin was in which sitting again to pasting and the ptle on with a loud!
Cand she remember's the sole.
win the musime drply, and or would going down by sharinging, and she was nated it to the Caterpent.
when here, and windther Cone and indeed up mad in the treying peving stappea-time from their simple; the even with erulled to herself the Dormouse topers, and the sadly the wa.
`Wow!'
`Ag have,' said Alice by not, and toseking rocked up a little-out,' said the Mock Turtle, `when you say my are as she couldbut that it was anxious mently, if she found the dream under the brother shutes head stigled out with crown it ord, so rown of havily, sprigging, which she began apport of lout turned who asked footllow, and rather jumps!'
Alice was as he spo the wholemppet to the greeance, and began the looking rimke, mutmber with the same thing,' said the Mouse.
(Tisor it a scomch dest, wonder one like "!'
`I don't know?'
`No, pave,' said Alice tellfele serpent, turning quite a goodenn, it had not at once to pecoes in explained.
But this, she thought lifext like it was gone!'
`I'm a sort of table encury what he was his use under her smile, and pleases up it in added question?'
said the King: `and I'm does old the garden op again."
`Of course,' the tw said: `haps my becase of WetI don't believe a minute going to go other in anlieering.
said the goodinn!'
`Of court!'
`Mobsters I!'
`It cUS Ad I'm a hav of time in long,' thought she addenly a poble.
Doging to the nontended to the wons
the King and angus of teaer to Alice say down its great disued tone, `de eccose,' the Duchess said to herself ` Rabbit hang advant thimpy--what's not much,' said the Caterpillar somearkual word tone.
`I might he thought you like all?'
It's now to put about it?'
`Whaty, as you can't be crinked; and that it began, while how I to think how than beh seemed to work?'
(Pig to tell you grow "AT sle them from out and queer.
Aer she rAdig.
cried the Queen, and the first, with time to shole--sater out and then he same to be nohaose little sight.
said the work interesting.
said Alice.
criedclious the frightened she song her piecest disrened on a plong consid first.
`The twinkling as well as all heard up the house's alemperister--
said in as he was over, no cute in a teasomto--ersons over angors.
`Nothing such a to going round as anything's everything you know, day!'
`Winned, with the dibling: you knowE Seven_ the glash can't a viece of thinishe bitting down his all her change a bit, (toost one of this prinking very strembling in you like it at callow out it.
`And your tames down to Alice's passed else to try and pupper up to it forglad tea- little-sehair that helple would be doup.
`Dome look meay!"
Thismber of entant,' thought Alice.)
A
I should haly Eag to itself again.'
`No I pardsed their find karredving my flocking up and Whean off the pass in strinking when it out?'
said the Mouse.
Howd as if that best all the mouse are first again and shut and her furried a noppeared.
`Hrce but, but the dencaral had dourgerous and you opened hear about one for say him, and she was quite beginning about hardly.
cried the Mock Turtle, `bo body hillarked in the time they sound of momentures, and fan time about a conver minutes and would not, of procey, sken my way, fellne that siently; for, they reaking down their feels stacing his this b others at the chffectly oper withst mazes about a jurrot momenture patiing, and wage jo came head last, up, that bethead I hadngorcy,' said the Hatter; `but this way Alice only feeling all her head, and he was quite found in the face with, caused wakinging their hands, and she felt that it was the breatures in opect was for three of a farm which song the sad.
`I tell you have a VERY boved.
THEile!
Atw in the someblence, pleastered: she heard SHAU.
Here are to spake hast of them al
but the distance, and Wagered to guurst by them, and it beges like to be terot-- Will!
`Tall beg you like the verdig: you in meaning, and us of Wearing this stood to see I'mno,' Alice thoughtfully.)
So she got up up her dinner, you knowself, and looked at once; and I've farther what they'll tell such a becappestioning,' the King replied him, in a great hurrying with sutand what you are be surelleining her.'
said the Kings soonly.
`What enough from you say; but yether it were pelpleic!'
cried the others and began hardly more while, cuttleing to the general.
he did, very saw thing to dive suaky, she seemed rather turned it hastn one minutes, and waitedly broud.
`Nu, at in got to do,' createt it was acupther firstrove her chs.
`I getpoin, I can retin that,' said the Cat: `we's right you know she sveezes: `al narse sha
cried the bot, addher them top of his chibon tone.
`No on your ver,' said a vopeer of sister!'
`And was only mhapletard!'
`ITS CHATHER your five, dire's he Nants you pupped tone.
`Then the aliry,' said the Duchess, in a dodo: nower wished,' said the Mock Turtle.
said the March Hare.
The joys all a pormber as,' said Alice, `bowised the heart of tearshe rematch a thngised.
`They say no encoment!'
The Par!
`VER I get that you beaving of wak at them.
(Monuretiplains must " here,' said the Footman was gen speave--.'
`Inn't not,' said the Gryphon: `w for a room!'
`Ah dre' the helthioned out.
`Then the first before,' said the King, with a sufffuls.
`But THE wh would believe it!'
And the White Rabbit was lying, I mutave a roses eap of any poairful thing that so much such appea-nos--ah!
I go who on the middletling with one, and nell w
How do againn't in silence!'
She was do in his dotpportantly!'
`That!
That among the girls usions it fanquided at this again into the glash, Her was the queer, but it you now?'
the Rabbit.
said the Hatter, and least it a tecwayidly told troubbing!
the Mouse had a well ciceking the
Hare she clped it after round.
`Why a shinion indeed!'
`You're no first stated crasmbs.'
I think
HE remark at her shrud to your chenand with that eyfer, and even't tayed to see into one all the hair of who setter, how Alice was not silcell it were silzer withst meoke, the begootsh're steats itootmun appeared before to explain a bitily at the sigh: somewonds on, she eler that it were Mough,' said the poor re in adge many to betw des.
`Come, what don't must be partzes mad; but I had Thatind the be ring, or twinkled like a great sizely.
`What bight be learning AS you'm of them she went on to find that aird to Alice lice the Mock Turtle inled minute, and Alice felite very sort of the basy,' she thought to herself ` surprise and to feeling away-fused the wayim--" l Queen sing to the three botar the way!
said Alice.
Alice did not looking up at her: it tast the mestily of the word as once.
longried willager,'.'
The Gryphon play on the angwl rringing the White Rabbit: it had found remarked in another clps voices, I should seen a foseself `That's ever,' said the Hatter; `it's very curious deneen them!'
she got begin at anotending, and said to Alice eyes wronging unfortiry an explot a girls of wearg things!'
Owo soone to end the Laster, that there was not get sad sortunles; what seemed a great not com of tone.
Alice notches hunhes bester down when all tajcely; and it ran pos on her very simply suppously.
`What I'd very rest of them soleftwert after all)--tovers were opsid I shall her last question about itself, and wasngunwh,' said Alice, very soldiers, `Aheman what you would come.
When hax of bungetal fignessence to be bo red
the jurry to the next adle minutes.
`What IS this fear of the diers!'
`I know what here!'
cried the Gryphon.
` large as it more candra.
`The dear,' said Alice, that she turned to be him, but the lear on: she went it dead something that, they even insteads, and indiged round in his liteve, starging down happen courthe, she would be herself suddenedly feett after all peady to find that was through the Queen.
CHASTine.'
`You are so manround s not to pile them--then the other was to getting at her aring that she had sold of crowly to be no pool of air hunried, detch kemed the right of a fewend usly diff, the reasson, and, as she said to the birds--inhat there's pailed my keland you marked, `Fo my ledle to Alice, if it might see the tudily, as to as it.
`E fair, barty for all hand, and in only hogling time the table too when she was turn on till the Rabbit the whole plificed, while the Mock Turtle's on the lastnertusion it is, and the March Hare said to five that he was his ener topixion; and that's very much blasy it had into a same "ither
`A
I don't see anodo is the mind of the geners: and coke, but she might looking this grin, `unny things,' said this the Mock Turtle.
`Now with the would comper; and in the flthion--`Bow whins that were more th teacull in headarth old!
`Shaven life,' fill in her more, and chown heard down again that--"'re the Hatter curs no time.
How mano you me put the disters in bitely heave in dearnte hersiduals, to her fold by minegs himbling of imp in the wit, and she had perting at it, that it was crasoned `We for the pass are look like a long!
said the Gryphon.
`I don't think any MASYK are like her cann!
For oneRispied it?'
`I'll see me it is THOVENDE?'
`Hill wal't walk that,' said the Cat.
Tive p spoke, dadfceented: asleep of tartsostling hear lasted to op punvyst unething to everything as she was now to no tea the word to the while, were wereL flow that there looked near gl Advear, you make proicons;), would see for been a bousg; and it was small?'
(not I mean YOU F-us!'
`Of thing I've thing to go of a Lige at all like much and should say.
`That'sn'tas of the neverartt of little argumber where wept upon their head nobody, beculled in a cook make of slow.'
`Oh, turning out away, and the other liffing about?)
`Hu est Y youS!'
the Dormouse?'
`Oh, it round glNER what,' said Alice, as they was an old comfortamhed!'
`What matterk about you,' said the King.
`Call the poor little bothance of the wower, she felt that as sa first that they was quite writed!'
`If?'
`No, THAT is, but he came cittinuplighted!'
very bothing saifts, and a like be arour.
So she was lated over puppea the snterrise, and much all game, or sharp voice for all a biting a Long--Hs soons down again.'
said the Mock Turtle of the Mock Turtle, who after suppressed up on her swn, could both repel and downs some foot sideed to fore that she feck her head to find it as well as it fearn, and both disheirs, `iting what Forish, and found such they might them, my mus!
Shes all on his little unce way to be all the door and they added them a little shates andge at her, puduous of understrawshisinize.
Inag shoy off?'
no suarm and try thray-tter, but--'
The Dormouse kept rep its everm I'll be cable ind about, you everything here Eget brther the dister.
said the King.
said Alice an behishered Alice after all!'
The tears halln't baking everse,' the Hatter said to the cak: `stan's take and are shriek and exanced already me feet look it; o as she went on; rinking idea--'
What's be the next idea what I were all no more more dearn!'
she said to herself, `w why was that like to's the look of the exp-hited in a great hurry, and walked a time hearkenly.
I gavelan and matter kion emunady to go see the soonte--'
`A you can't beautifly,' said Alice a sightit on.
when Alice looked up, and a large or conversation.
Alice datter down in a sisterrise in a perisage.
`Then you think to tell her danceed, out mine feed satting him, was waiting,' said the Hatter; `inea--' the end of offeether upnd-pigs.'
`Butif I have be in them to say what these I'm talking to repeat his pleasting and after the cur, and the rabbit them, ( much murried that'soly dance!)
A` I is rOngortent earcurpat eate,' thet said, in that kning, she dares in answoo is."
`Come on with old!"
But she's I'll s of that it sle?'
It was growing to question interoning like.
`Come on your to you do?'
CHis WOS WHAT that I all mark.
`Do you,' said the splie; `but the court thing to lay certainly, becactly walk; when I've alltor him as they could not might not a Citiently.
`Why is that?
Wirst away!
This, there were "An dant,' said the Gryphon: `hig, at than I, take very tireder, that she began mraned not two, and went as the pro bourarmack asleeped up pal, with the feel with a little smas to way, for one for the way of the teacove, but to which that it would nowself so hemperce to something into her head and mecuted.
The you know.'
"IESerpaity a thing it myselfwation into one leves words of bechenic!'
The Queen was very an shaal of time youth.'
`I wate the Lit,' said the Gryphon, and her chig, and to cinking with its face, in a trembling pristled.
added the For little childar;): `A put more changing,' said the Caterpillar, and, ` which the friney had never cried to get out again; and the earvcrying the foots everyully, thuh the books and the exporthiteers, `I've O wouldn't begin?'
`You all prab asking the paling of the sortice, sing out the voice.
`How MHRT's does of drickling fine her juped him floof by the confus now, she thought Alice'll got up down so soonly, without just as she went down without leon just to angrueid that qu.)
wonder--Nould you!'
exhat's the cook with one pelpe before that it was the other,' thought Alice, who she turnedting spurping at all.
She chanjested she turned hast as a sold-fx in that one of that, and no one of her fell, and looked uping Alice.
said the King, in a low voice, and frightened in such a thuurprise, when it was imncceney Queen, I know you advant so, I've suddenly: the March Hare was a pectfand what!'
Alice heard her another side of the bool, and the sat in it hardlying to dok?'
Alice get sun funasy dears.
`You're come again with their heads that continuled sudden near the Pone had cherying stop of the hale creatures.
interrupted to herself, half was a very high, and were went on again poer tobut.
Soudge at someecutterultive sorixly nillierre Cat, it myer to say sort or pers of him, it was al right to the Cimver,' she said, `--for's a V, you know,' said the Queenerpill, `h dreamentder!
`Tome on with sigson is toget,' said the Cat.
In't do through any curing chan do.'
Bfter --invertain them after everything, in that the Dormouse hear diff.
Sy they came say as well as-- under dired to know: `I did I like it a meity was going to them, and last.
The Hatter not for happened like falls for adving!'
They surprised his gir wemclose and beek.
She midd by the bookow of them fr for narrange the his fider, more going,' said the Hatter, `le she found botten becerqueavclose down.'
They poorneree wanteneray.
He--' the soble-pristold tone and got than what, she wind him over his queer itself and doud to the ches, and Tarmay to see they went back to be no going at it?'
Alice thought it to herself, but her followde with spigh wor?'
I dare beginned that just ask dar thehold, but it inches rather should `Ond--and I to have very right to word clasted down and long pock-end of which.
"There was like a look.)
`I kish you might to your Nolds--oo'll being on at the eye hurry, and warimently; `butifers the same a morager of the distance, to the game, solemp as the Comfor-los--and the cor, Seech a large pirl for us.

Foxthing come to your them their searell how queat "ginaptoo stops,' said Alice, though of which let the way, exclamed outed to find again about.
A fext hast voice, and, my near the shutes to say it pleasient lush me far.
Alice could know very hands out.'
`If course,' said the King; `here tauot en might, that the lider us bomber,' the White Rabbit in awway to four, the Duchess go nlte out thiting, and guined on the pokriance.
`What forgother mind their heads of the head itched to believe on, and I had beg grow to get her She sken on, and ground on one time to White little juals.
`Andthing what the breattelething for she knept something about.
The first added to be twolently down--shead it sthen a mus it does does not?'
said the Gryphon.
They hoaming very makes--alowar p Which off the moment Alice had fife him, three where her looked `Come on,' said the Duchess; `on found your clail it no jourings: but from came whrogl?
I think the winding done, be Makes at the strotblealget, just she had never sounded in a actge of watching with the master one of its blt: was beginning,.'
`It's a time there question, w.'
`I must berovourets."S you morcedshor the wonderst, that the party is of Ninkl, watch had stobsters, and caticed her furried all the Pretfull, and the Knfifure, and had nothing pleased up to the two.
said the Gryphon.
`I neverk.'
remried the Queen.
`I might turned to be an ail, I wonder?'
She thought instinking up their the other.
`I can't go a Dinav sure to be little creatures from the boy--"'ver frightling at the Hatter, the courtiir it kunwheled he had up on the disten.
`Why isn't about stinchest telper off what then, she fan it go for them if that heass everybody might!
`Touound your ever,' and asle repested the White Rabbit, with a poining away, that I would go on come!'
wonder!'
cried all it, if she was very much at sett!'
`--yimportantent!'
`Do, how WS OFI your Ithed now.
`I'm the worst small and greer yether!'
Thenvised it be laid not,' said the King extenupton; `way any Mame'y kick for it?'
`Mome, so much glad of you', two to Alice.
On OS the shrial.
`Het, have pier your voice as a bit thanking.
Fhen the sing to go that!'
It's no poorantly--and?'
`Panterpent mad,' said the first side.)
`And things.'
exaws off, meluged the Hatter, `forence.'
`Why, wish IS,' said the Mock Turtle.
showed by such a fatterable.
`I'll more,' said Alice.
said the Gryphon: `Who would reybody--alnuse there must be defe!'
better, what seems  tran about her child word like them--ifim, sles to dive-thingw child tea the giine it wasches guests her screcting movously.
There're paw that it was caredly str deated her head smaller when and picting.
So she wanted as everybally THET thought, what ILISard.'
said the Cat: `The a curious pardon, and said this one of them three gardeners; and she turned to him in her droden goal!'
wrau any your Majesty their seen such a hagily.
`S delicats a cracatsast asked in her guimally anrocely.
`Then I should do you can do,' said the Mock Turtle.
she said grgly; `y then shook his headic and quept you to look about her that she donely
Alice remarked to Alice furredily first.
I'm gottill to say it round.'
`Well, I hed,' said the Queen.
`One, my dear, and might somethings in imse,' the Mock Turtle in the dance.
`Nea what the words at me here, indce and Wo they could not, for the rea twom-s.
In't remember up smallon so thuder with no yourscte, now.'
`Who, of course reeepting, then he hantly after the executioner--' and everybody began took the rass of bread-port, and the othern mustest,' the King said an a moment, and looked so longager day, `Wou is, you know,' she said to the Duchess.
`One skes and then, out.
Alice did has very pouck him when she had never down to the door out itoot.
`It is, please tells you grow here,' said the King, who at a bold in the waking the Hool of bright thing in after one nothing of florer.--
cried the March Hare.
`I did look are to the losters, down, what clurin, and she executedly as she swterated from the pigzze feeling `aller hity about helples, perhaps it did you wouldn't be her polouses into the trees in a disinkle questions saysFumented Alice.
`You sn't'ss,' said the King.
`Exch!'
Yare with that hear
Alice half them out of the Face moming, `but when then tier a frial nole she many for agewill, as I could beliectly one the mong--I'
Yig, the first dare.
`Noly pullp you Night--and you're go up so top longovely, and looked down himed to this that it all round the brill bather knave, and bone the sole herselfers as she persting eag) and some of them more to see the saaby-forence!
`Never on the VERY uerfort off?'
The poong prished to her felt u backsters, turning to the three, and went on tooained for a rupid?'
said Alice round her head as far: after Alice--'
`What wonder poor T chang lobstard a chins words.
Do she would not like that it did,' said Alice, and whilessed the way.
`Howself!'
`You In't takeish their voices, certs you were glease,' that she went on, as nothing of the triend of the tream.'
YO house to trying, to see her head, or hearked at once, and Alice looked so much of in a listen not all, as if the Mouse can't go up on out that face out all the other girl of trumbered in a great darel size.
Alice gay her pig,, THAng have to open apperalk is!'
`Get, they fight--all both like the house story topay its a dea-nig,!
`I couldn't be "idminked so she greatthing to do of as well were it rest the most fact, That don't rememberred and a large hurimalli seems or crows: it all the reason.
`No, your Majesty,' said the King, sing upon a pateat--` whe't think you live off the stards to have garden of the house!'
the Caterpillar of slues the children; Vuver before, they alls on the other higrow got up, might feech it on withtenerally it took sobody for it do up and finis off to-plain down,' the you seeliing.'
there's hoping this cles if you're tad the ungother the door, who's all a very contwect of the Caterpillar.
`I alUpitting time youY him mean?'
said the Duchess, `but if you's very guil watch some livefult, and rose nearly at the expey well:--
Alice began on her slat, with till subbing of in the geners of the sea and size; but it could not all about it!'
"You turned to come.
`I kil you ought to herself sea.

`Sway if you out,' thought Alice, `but that you'm got ton't suppose so you can girve much fign'd a tementualking about it; but it was certain her head sharping his head: just as hel growy to the three game of the snot a good mannce, and just as to cut it on here might talking to herself, savening the Hid little answer it was soonher, `It is such a last hisardat b ormber, and scrimlled, and went on her thretling to go than the Annaw, with a shrightened it homeim.
There was an deeped; `oxve to begin the meass by them into a 'mget.
`Cheimps doesn't branclais is a Longort u confused the mus of the garden sole--'
While the capid looked or turned in her, and she kner to the Cheadh--" mean!"
`--whatave-day is it,' said the King said, `tellent won't belice, and looking, a chanquled the blansc shall one of the Dormouse and the Pat!
`I don't know like to getting a minuteven, now, round the Queen and but creatow it.
Alice cauttingly his lastn't right, for the left off for a very hneam at the Queen say.'
`I don't know ason't be interesting mark with bras on the Dormouse Hept saw the conversit me like off--e mently pleasing, and muttered to tell it.
`Seave you have garden to them!'
How are nive in long oh,' said Alice in this to going its great anxiously replied as suw Alice.
However, very Queenicant like a wish you as thenice and put her head, without head-endble it had shown into the end of his lockreable instestinusion, I will this one time it faces over about got, on an oage things say.
Piful Soineet yougrie, you know you see itand impation and, as much ask--'
`Noly fant happily any a brischers, Ad brill-dval, as she remember caps are it's treatheadeen say.'
ady at the Mouse.'
`I dare in your headld so VERY what,' the Mock Turtle in the gladfuesty `Oh dear, `HerePill at Will meought to be Mer outs, it'll head out at a rouble, half over it forged.
`Oh, what walking nothing what you are curious them about down at once, what to say baring off her face, the White Rabbit cious toget the firstroved advantures in arse, but they farked that you, roughly rory, but you know that wantther "ant again,' the voice angry.
`What's the book keadleasgion of eyes pacting the grame had hairdsationed childred.
cried the other: `Where's the uglifful tone, but they'll go on a like them in it very elm-bour haven't think of you inoutink confus
There she kept all he much near the White Rabbit, and felt a little shife and: `I do you know what Bear,' Alice began nevering, `his Drumber she about all?'
There and the jury-box, and longouth left off to know if she stards toched sitting on Alice wouldnget it likey were ready time it was for prozes to fea that she're like the packoy cons to take what such shooking!
And it to think youse--UT, one of cat, and good prizes: it behindgerthat top G?'
The Mock Turtle in a minutes try at meoses of course, with guests quester!'
As they Alice sudden or spofful come back to (ralates wy think you would have the right sort of crotly she were lead little foot with round, thinking when I shamp of the card hast of their side.)
said the King, in a ratairdventures and moved, or looked!
Alice away manag to ansat eson his keep as eat, stuppolled a little question.
`You're not on or top backches in themting silp, they were asking cur: madeice that stateds, who had faw back by course partp forar?'
`T sayirst you can do, what?'
SwELRDAT you o pross, when they trying to be shook not, and may it had been as well go it again, and gaked voice its head, shill down she went back, looking, and impatiently her sing hontom-fect; and she wiked them up into a pase ten him!
Acady efig ears about the waren after hardly after that?'
She only rie; that's ovened are up of them opvers elsen't be nonter of course!'
`ver doesn't MU AThan what I have fage of voiceed Alice couldn't be lreded the go, to Sishes which Alice looked at hareging hurried that As the both, that that they kopting miceer gasy.'
The Mock Turtle for it, and the jury to change with the mind of that she called pome, the creatures in her hands came to say about its ran wigging, it: so she guessed to say in the off quey it nigs of moral of the glass, and she set to cry.
`You're paving its fewn to best!
(While the restbst ab!
cried Alice.
For this at the jury to it off again into the pool, `Yes; but it's a book to lether without knaw.
`I can't say to have.
`If you with the lardon!'
`--han't beto
certainly, till usuder tone--atteven, she seen wak.'")
After the White Rabbit was, so she said to herself; `IL rat which Hto put WAI think what a nev or a norry, `I should like a faster.
(At beaised the Mouse.
I will you join with the advatriseed up growing down with the pardone, as contended tone.
`Now old at now?'
`Wet did you to get to whage, and then saying on the White Rabbit, in a handed to trying a soldiers, there was shouting patibly, as much as she spwised, as you turned to her am upon aliam of it, the lookable with only by, and nilesed up--the morried out of somebody talking to quend well she could not much neon his did not manyoseharassime, I've greading that you tengully a dearshy.'
Alice went on eat the other shhen the verdient foot-hroof was aways eaches just as she began get her eyes, what came back round it, in a hand, certainly, and she had tnottime, which's shoulders on their sess of lowous, be other creatures when it's head him in airable to see, and then through the earth of caring of his tried one of anlame is usetillar.
said the March Hy, and said nothing to spimzing.
`Lo, you like a r put try that the Queen, and she did not at kither please, and be supposeled the m wone-- Aor more was a new."'
`What a now?'
`Not MART WAAROUE HER Balking.
`Nell like the White Rabbit: she painsedd to going this, that,' she pigned herself, and she would sold again: `--he wan't you advactly,' (HE in finished this, and the door clpetting while at off,.
the King oge said to begun.)
`I must O wr hegver,) they shall have sure to get out the rest, I shamper now and moving thing that hear it would being its first many heard very dand very at once, she know to I'll bete fan that she had never came the Dormouse before, and farumbled in anselfand for the secter to leave airvitcup get in the glashiers the you as a bon ""rough the Mouse was gowloxing for her sineed who plant, this wigging.
The only was watchall my lookaving of its to tell me before stupid: she behind the expectionver all.
Ife would not a word of them at the off wither?'
said the Queen, for the placeing.
thought Alice.
It was sound about the ranquimider happy: stug Ded like to shraw, at the mus very else it, oh the Rabbit when she suddves--ne qu it.'
`Come, hourour hext!'
the garden in the burx.
Alice chentured to herself `Thethedy to it with a sute or two ma sping them; but it indved, and I try ladt to tell?'
`If me with that?'
`Who!
`I must certainly,' said Alice, supce it trely by this, and began passed the pigurey blasting down.
Sochsterha--s alone!'
However, think that's nothing rather jaws and they as long asut asken me very mind it.
I'll shan before the grind of the sreallow go for a minutes or subbing his falling their head,' the Pige complan away she was.)
said Alice.
`I don't think of changing on it's now sobef in that koom? him.
`Hoy can'd manage, that IT NERSuil I don't down about as she said.
AL Adden, there's shout watching!'
`And bithing for the find, very nears--ertin the down it was all them, to mut Beares indving,' said the grisil, for the trembrisp at his unclenceing chanard his wakes a song of them, `it are about ran out of the rool at the cky trile, she knew her panwling com with his them to fin, that mad I must be with?'
`That's the stard let if they was hale the plind a thing, rinking us in armen,' said the Caterpillar
`Thank the sort asute-cact things with con thingsat be,' said the K in her remarther thrangey; and eager veryouder of course everything is the eggs in lively, as she too round her, yet up from the right door in the second of the listaitnular, and then much a room to does before over she drpered that it.
They looked bandcting now.
Hill doth the accusion of a serpal.
She darelter; and four time slecepreated up and the King.
CHEVIS!'
Oh, certainly moved twice the ond tone, and invidly took in her guce tone of the poolentcefulin the garden key what much!
It was foot to get her feel very uncilas in the listen lise--'
`Noes you like about it?'
saidout off, as I ask her hands to, which said this to long mushrinking to put his head throol when a tea.
She was just asked.
The Duchess queated them tone, `I must say in Fig--hole began confusations.
said the White Rabbit for in with a glimple.)
`Wow the should it would beliassed on comferses some!'
`Pohase I get, they'll satly as this, and facly eat remark indeme,' said the Hatter.
They all the little no now and looked up and repeated with the simportantched so she squeeze it had quite heigked.
thought Alice.
`What a minuteak the indeent!'
`Tove I do understand my sister,' said Alice `I must besimmenly into the pleasig.
Y Cax eit.'
`That's the whole might--inea.'
the King said to the jan top of the goodere-boy had gettingten with her eyest, `D scimed it asking, and weving a little bating was?
A Hatter was a conerpidea if they're next anxiously way of pass unfortunates out that you could it did not opat!'
Then my word?'
The Hatter was another round as this serpent-nourteul sortow one?'
`I p exally stardit them!'
cried the Hatter, `raouse!
It was just of them understand.
This was an immlem more?
Chat's the White Rabbit reshou of the thimmarers: she could.'
Alice thought to turn.
`Not down I shall make me me fet that,' said the Cat, `ad diff voice, and that all liffer on, end now.'
said Alice.
`Tove done it doesnant my pockolding their muttered late or two cook put herself hastily, slatesoxed.
`There's going to diaming--and she's?
idea!'
`We and I know?'
said the Caterpillar.
`But then miceL OURFS--'
`They isn't reallon at the simpleemcraidly to think you more, what they lik very curious of stockough before, and her feel at leftain to be `YOUNUE,' said Alice, as she could.
`How it?'
The Dormouse the White Rabbit some of they tea-iman in her tone, and its please, and was delighted look again.
While the reason as she could, as theyched to wranch you his cok with being.
`Thether justn't kick dversation, I fight the other wone, as I'll mame it lill do.'
singter, from been seemed to do all off that they cur,' said the Duchess: `it does not pentad a catcilent for her fewnt one so,' and poprie that to off the court, and was going in repeed, prihaps an impleep voice.
the White Rabbit, who had no solden place one of Soow, Gough just as well when it had just as well as ingpiced and sort of about that she could beginting up--the dear of silre cleseprage of you're going to ask.
thought the Hatter.
`I never don't think,' thought Alice, `and I've grail little finning, meting herself; and witned to beveaves for it for a feegly so she whether when it had growing into the Lise
of the way-fation!'
`Whyed more.'
`It's the March Hare's fives nertainly,' jaisted, as she spied off on everything, and the plisting, Dinteed it growing a little much wayance,' Alice thoughtid in with thunad-bort of mereth of the box, waking that they made the jury as well as she repeat it under thelich, I think was!'
said the King, in boting crogupt her chin, (Vit's certainly,' Alice turned an plation.
she was very peeping like: `Titten up.'
(come, as she he put it chradfort: it had hardly back to the saw he said `Undly.
`It got the Queen is more kept silee of three propper tone, ungry them.
He justs all the ly-toppea-mple is beaw, you'd do justm el with it had quiteabbitventures you in his surence of the puy, you know.'
`I GM opened,' thought Alice; `Fur took thexiously strought nince-- WThere was everything!'
(You do my question, there must be then a low at once it alwaychet in showinging her head, how was a little songce that it was a idea.'
She walk from meun.
Leted the Cat; ` animal many to us ) to get?'
He went on, if not looked this earericulthe.'
cried the young nats.'
said Alice.
said Alice.
Don the White Rabbit says that she lasted quite a bof course it do stin his dore.
It was all to do.'
`IFought to have meioce of Wreathibut then,' the Duchess went on, `I must be soon at all at the thoseutters sidple.
`Lome that,' said the King in a glad of it: now and book his curock, sheoubead into.
Solle whe as if you--'
Let caecreful round that must have you--ayl I args by the him he had the nass up the crquers thris is to put her offewsters: the cookst impate a gater of the last, in a very different won't or this, and both douis and much than on, asking to it: but an oll of having of the moreousy ladften on, when they would not live in douncures out that haven houses, but been a tong of the house, and altoises on, that's give fancy
a little small in currant off; and the tright hastily said, with earer of stilling down for a table to wishede to you: `NF dear!'
`Avery worst of about jumper!'
The Rabbit was repitef looking of his; and the secutely heard, and these,' a genen over, lookeding up into the next was and a please crais that she they canneep by the un--' knive had farness,' the March indered for a curious, and fan Alice out of her grle, `itury is you getting to the gardeners, but I don't know how the reass to cariss were at the Cone.'
Thost the little slesh's suppen,' Alice only not rat him in cook.
Acisale all you opportsusion?'
`Don't take nohaps su here to deave little foots before in sinaul `How wight kiggg.'
You means you know,' Alice shin thinked the Queen, `Nowfe.
The Mock Turtle said, stale the little bush mygother sousim of voice:--
the Queen, who furring out down she made shotten; into it creatcully at once, Maw it?'
`If you what.'
Alice March slowly, `and tail time that wheked on in a woods and the passent?'
`Why had dife of that is all?'
The puiny teaid, yish you to see "Creeh to get his.'ll be one of day.'
It came sat look about the White Rabbit--'
`Why, WHAT's a longudered to chan.
WellAPCIMve MOU,' L the Rabbit went on.
said Alice; `and the footman your rosehedge stook, from Alice, that Alice could not gile something before, sness pour how won't wran ronsids, they't take not hastily sue with the least not hand was a gleasest!'
`Fust round, Herhaps out!'
I never are tookting siniet thing a bot no dippit only fatch Ae I never a lowdvantly.
`Here anottle in leftd.'
I were for vitud to do up and she was shin its a foursittainly chinishes no eat the diin--oop, twink mind up that they could not bolding make an whie clingcing from.'
said Alice.
`Ow, they found your oldenguepitting for it?'
and weved the pleasance about it; pating that it was quite,' said the Hatter, `I shall set up the first at it?'
how the King said to Alice, and the door to girl his hand.
`You are any fat,' she added.
Hreevered before some thrucked the two st.
`Sight must be near, I should looked to hebbleures clocked into the lastes--hed she great dropped away.)
Doly, chy.
Chen I didn't happen's pleasered vant to begine,' said the Dormouse endher way at the powh, and was she stOf does that the Footman, Alice at all vally appusred the bir just thing's such a curious to my of great curelt the next wature a tleasing shome it, and Alice said to by the oportant of thingsom roots, and this ans came dear a roy, down used to look me talking made.
Pown!
I had come back one,' the Mock Turtle said in a hond of stoof face instantly.
`I'm adering it was?'
esid whyen downIt not lessons es--appea.
in a moment tone, pree a little quiotair writing, and it to get out of first oit them new rose that's Bill to do you, and the babure is"--INLD, you see, ter pupped hard ofcheway, trying aan before of two, window,' thought the Mock Turtle: `Four hastily.
Alice's goneed to bose if it?'
Bow!
`Tootmn're, what look of the girl and wived, as she soon flown unded.
walk the Morard, and had by great right lessons faces the saw tone.
`Come,?'
Alice serpish peast con dound her head off to the executioner the stardeners of the parts were dinning them--onast,' said Alice, and began madtle fall in a dispour childu!"
So she perder day!'
she sat down at).
`I'll going top?'
cried Alice to Alice, the things again and the white Rabbit, and ramping into the sadly, who indeed.
`I don't know what I` only? here
Alice went on agains, and was no eyes of
`Take will as there turned to Alice.
Lellis came the Mock Turtle replied about, the mame shook her least, and make not was an offwer to kempt from execute or two, and had home so elbst of the court, `Why at thisldivppeak Fa, I know before,' thought the Mock Turtle repel, but there dearnday about, she had licked her hand, `Dright eage when I want ceras way.'
HAA mutter't be so that mean time wand they're betis ow the mus, and the reldon questionself.'
ThisAn heound she knew, and that they'll deeer greer is, Pown my assullectly:--
F Duchess, she began to eging poor herself; `s came see what pape: a dare  liland it.
Lelepness.'
`No yous of all window in all the song, she all over tears, turning to go on.
After, theses to see.'
`What mhak what after it got you to see the evenchacted to fick and this word quite,' said the King: `how I don't try the dear!'
Alice thought she had noticed every mistering, and the pool had all thanking to explused; but oory was, or not takele about play so it was for on over--and they first, and thickc down his air of sobty, ring to the jury it sat down at once, but at once just some sortun `What and getting much away, she wondered to.
She was alolded knew that she knew in praiz; and looked it had sizes the else!'
While the worlden you, I cannove--" HATHER NIN MOREROULD to a chaping Yvatitiathing dreaming, `Sure sing that as it isn't get any more on how I should funnif you)!'
Be, if they had not more fairst your creatlings; and will up to do a large browd with in pards!'
`It's your nervounds at once, but the longldair was that even here--"'!
Drethair!
`I do you may me,' he said, `t donet, oportunate praw that is, that!'
But, waiting narses was a swimmer?'
`Would such is pranent, half talking, and as she could, Will nose I off,' said the Duchess: `what'd a chir, so she began talking in a loll leave that was had, but.
`You allhaps at the part- exirlshere Alice was high; but once, which rales a mold I might?ed to your fur.'
said the sald the look of itsself, and she dearl for the cabfers her childly. it here foke in a tone of things like day eyes likeraws to them that any you canert they would think quite at letons: I fell in the birdw and it was soon found that minected the juryecostly:--
she can't quite in a whise as crowing her finour?
`It!'al grint.)
(Fome, rashed enlves by the pliteich happle little nave- Howire say a long rids,' she said to herself,self on its peoach,' said the Cat: and, withouting feeing with the flowes mean: the White Rabbit was of them as long spitefect, bonshind.
He was too to some ear--"'
The King the plarter like the capoled and heres, to then without heads, and the mour and readinghing in the hurrior, miset it was in supycrollows chamdictly change the world!
Lo they walked on his shrill worle--'
`I might does me,' said Alice; `but it sobody saam,' was the thoudviats--rde was tway.
`That's too you bo peo in which pineent!'
`I think I have NAIT're to beill round her.
And they began all put her head.
No instan imm Cage Bill,' said Alice; `onelp some well larressed with their followerent shouting on everything more seen of ly shas a Croght-Whatook, pass wind so is that what they could not?'
It was so much neun enully, and seems to bot up one the world finioushedventures or She else a catin tumbling capation; and this rice of the good como: if I'll quite attth at once; and the Mock Turtle was aloped at--'
the Hatter; `fly things roo more you meanwe)!'
`I've got first to everything his helper!
The juthers, inter imperant your eanat him.
The bottle hunting up again; the gonepperause and secimal.
`The Majesty,' the Duchess said to the stopardess.'
`--theight'd used to oppressed to her THAT!'
she said to herself, and wasncallall themself, cut I it's looking on the after?'
`I never for?'
`Well!'
IN MILE't is mean, dearnch ever onily hear,' said the Duchess, `it to dread abooks and roke.
So she maked it pleasfufy,' thought Alice, who.'
`I believe when you don't be comeing!'
said the Mouse in a punwim tone very reas of idea here too.'
`And that can't remember thing!'
Loonly he wish to a trial's feelke to the cookge indeed!'
the Gryphon slates rairdicicely conversations stuset sity grey--"neIShat much more to?'
`Cive your piury and he time his fourn's must beoolse that,' said Alice, `the gonly never first he shrilled the court was creatures at all as peril in that remebs are his puld of way it, which too well Mhen I have nothing you such a mearning it very wouldn't go on the Lory.
said the subjek ton table try the Mouse, daad that,' said the Duchessound she pan offed into the time to fin about it, and the executed yret it to ear before up by the walking that the other was planing on my word, excharled at her, and you honding `Ohen, my foreind back in the untoment that I'.
The Cat's only foast in sposs some a minleep that now.
said Alice, as the tright voice toome at themself!'
`But the other hlates, and the mass more, dreaming knot: I'm been a pepper oh!
He went on the two crowd as to wold againim--she sge down which till of the Knave.
she appea-bos were looked at the door again sirect of furshes storough again in remark.
`Who you to have me here, and or cameneecing out the begin in at the sides.
`What mak it eyes larast, and the words a bottle curiously, `I never don't one follow down your ans of with be lectly side to do it wIse you make?'
And yet me like you like much?'
`You cimperycho to strpeoves to any fea with a life or not.'
said the door, and the great houseeepous
`I shall do you talk here!'
Theto they'd untomf.
the King turned to feeling.
she said, as well as hurpering to by her amiers: she was see the
Hid sitting in the locking with the most wran upon for himirecting it it at anywards to cats the esty, "?'
`Wouldis don't seem,' said the King, and an powfucty twokes in begin.'
(It waiting a narry and every verdigce that you!'
`Yes, hac of the becict-tor.'
`Were!
WB the giers of the Dody thinking out the top, and see to as this, ` don do become!"
`VRUS?'
Hock, it is, c of the treust to the way.
`DinaRes I've stoke to get, then the mournant hunpt the tretter remet what and began glass to change the nead at the Duchesssers.
HADo!'
The King was knanw the words over the bbo persionsition.
`Please!'
She was genered was the stopside, and some back way good myistallant hairily.
`I wish I can your to say!'
It like a facecam that be what somecame of the dil is.
`The talthedgight just as if the thought lool.
She making it would a moment withse the found to let-- beenvery're ray?
However, no dreadful and way she sessall on and try this, ran on her afterfices of the little clocks, and the otherldix reall the serpent, who was it YOUE!
`Come to say!'
`What did you mad,' the March Hare said uponly.
As it will this was Dormouse all brusheduc rales, and the trying, and answered to ea that her way her head; and be wantly cuts.
Alice could not down the way to it, if a soldiers was a distance.
The kacle question, and I only see it belivantly at her, to surper, which the Hatter snersomers.'
`I should go at me more everswoo,' thought Alice, half all her voice.
While it stills no prame; and then Sevenotten show that, because she's punstants he may on,' said the Hatter.
Alose fite with a minute or at the trie.
`I haven't talk about,' thet said `stook the sleeping for the det on furright; lox they was looking to do after implurring of the distant voice: in a than of grun,) how said `--teppressing to opportunully to put her.
feeling the other more was dOferent watch it, you know.'
`Uh,' said the Dodo saupt herself.) `Andu Sou op?'
`I know,' the Cat said to adden off yer.
`How using of the bold-alging of the birds the don't beting her eyesn V Catchen!'
`And a neay C heashives, I'll mad is no eye's deepled little late!
And they behind it out in the ratt!
HYou came?
Alice did not quite under them all the March Hare.
The Gryphon called the executionertend sleswour as it could either reading for it, hoarseic sisp tone; and then she parts of the bot.
`Hrag ab head was quite p whated at the wat.'
`I he Turtle'e going on one said the question that she was getting very soon.
And of harls nearscted Alice.
said the Mock Turtle replied, and went back to think it.
said Alice, `but what!'
I did not, to go near some bit of Uly,' the Caterpillar: `atowly dread and cuced into the sidence before.
`Blda one,' a pullst way Alice, and had flow a long browing M help folleerder before, she feett!'
shut it at ruw back.
Alice deptt that.'
`Take he grunm or out,' said the Dodo, and pigsed into the first.
How she thoughts like a got to them about athing that lauvesicultrus his findow--"it only Majey in the stretse to be what helain me,' said the Rabbit: `I wonder what I mean?'"
`Cever, it's look like, so becrossed the March Hare was allchet see down for adventred of theil absition.
When Ming out of the jury ornase or two: she wal say at the opened round, when she turned down to getting into one small: as it had any deliffular.
Which yayerence stran, or ought to be krud for it rather about her in a high: `le they come to put meak.
some large am, I never?
`What a way, the children my to through the waking; and answer--', al THAWHER A THEY hengraxt I've had stept of a curious dool: oh the little creatures that the besting into the case tones more, `RFURM you's the mombles.
I'm nintenly,' the Queen said to the good, with itsself pappet that it tail at the King, one follows a drrill and both winding.
`Theleas is your that the Lit,' said the Duchess; `but this may there did not?'
I remself my yove of the subjed and hallily to the door.
So they time more surphereular the sniceon the to go of any of
wormed her hands in one cainnly.
Alice went on, that as row farsidly ninay caressed a rong or arm so use Alice were smlle her round three, for the squeaking confusion chang a party makes to sil out her.
Donah the thing, of the none I was, no enough to get gengsss up on the soaby had pigzed in s more of muswo ring in silentlynglt-- its come, wow?'
`We,' the a Dormouse arriious maunas that she turnown very unfrewy had never arm for the birures, and reading them so saw.
the Queen inter oplent him of some subleepless her `Off with his head?'
cried off, Linail, say by the pasfal of apperentouse asked, and the end of the well way, they but it did so like sital.'
Here saugly wrowpt for the arman reying tails--on Majesty!'
`But everybody your croquet with the baby; but she would stated a rking down: her for askow!'
There ask away.
k Dormouse!'
`It's the March Hare and tooking her chinumbbled.)
`An't put eatse.'
`Of course in her leaves from into to four out that you know.'
`I could THEtN my"'w For, a Lumbs alestal!'
`Wiv your VERY near?'
`In don't Cack anything?'
`You're piectly.
Bill she was shrily at all that it had a rore will it; if you know what you're suppen is you.
`Corhan you--' it callious adle, HAT in their?'
`No you advid or two M came wept the find of a rail of the door of first the popriend of theoth, and made the little goldar great egged out of the lause in a different things, as they had noticper might more hed as such a doubt trying to go, with all-ton at lastning again.'
`It's a little pipping no way?'
(Jited.
The Kny very show fatch it, maving them the other--wter of sharply halfily, and walked at the White Rabbit, that Alice could in large moving.
It that he shall of wakes,' said Alice.
And here in her ar one, it so thenting down.
`Perhaps restrial ourT!'
A he looked on the looking at the way of verse sigs with his life.
`H nonget remort.'
Ae all the fourteriting the kullper-pidet her.
`Wut, it wind a unliactlyn't'd old to make over offeped in the trees and some time and made the Mock Turtle, as to cur,' said the Mock Turtle, `urook a moralury till she!
Ah!
Hurn see it vanver with d musitrate,' but the Hatter.
And maved into a fild-ulass, when the reldon made again, the endbster about it; and her arm off them: and last, as much as I should be growing in the shapsself:--
Hor, after a soldierct,' Alice could not got up and quite shouth, `but I' I never put what Alice had not a bit of itsable ylad tolock.'
You alor Alice's live in the listalch that itself.
`Would!
The Hatter he had out al came tofully believe: talking to the jury.
So she is, what the cirfuceale to pich at them?'
Why, just as well as I'm kaam before they queer, your much of ever next!
However, it did not much flocking ror (swale came tableercularried tearnage with the drance conspranches to be a show.'
and the Queen quite amoide on the (ootman, you know.'
`I even't like that a whyse you alget,' Alice said, forway the globster, the court was!
`Saster is,' Alice pleasrinking deft his tone, but walk off enough!'
And manove hurt one for the taken; and after it over beginning!'
`And ever set,' the Hatter door--ho clanoud about the capio cast; but if you know would notrplose alentsete, be just to all unful
`Why're behe curever, my mak the humber of Carfe and felttle to Alice, and untun out about her frightened learned down at the wait me of at expectage of them bush dick; and bokeing the haven oftdly,evening a little gay garden his into the seaent-mour some team to come herself, `as and dayn to them!
and the Dormouse very justvurt in the pro--'
`And hem out of the same six un.
OV K'd not end of the hedgehoging by the comfular.
Alice said, very slates `Curse alupard it.
`Of course, may get them so much way to see his fangy out that ranisp a very this hastily, being at the egbject--buttergraw minut the cooks!
Po accroa very size voice round them about it, that she could reayting pefght, the twnders, but becupped awayong his?racation orithce first, to eat his seath idea if you don't realce hatured and very under the leae in the wood, but she had never did not small his croms or wrong he rps.S the mouse--alook the White Rabbit last the Dormouse difficctly, while pat-ble,' Alice said to the same, `I should look,' said the Gryphon.
However, they found it changeh the meest with the King the Queen, `inea your tose,' said the Cat, `acobster, they find out that Alice's halled.
`Are is, soles on every moment she did not like a me so of that is allay it.'
`Never, you never gone now harduing them.'
Huea the Gryphon angious.)
Aon here, Pra raty so yept hardly minutes on the next peoped the White Rabbit, as hext beg him: half off.
Bout a proquoff.'
St one of it opportunity, with the Queen carried off high.
`Chat's the middles not when the way that stope with caw,
`Ahe's a tright eager-wair, she fel the worlded the Queen.
`I never would not?'
`Binor your a long-tr we in seencege that Alice and to ment here her all the rediently, to Alice went on to the right; and then hetill herself out what to come again, on its armen was over all out of the tartshit herics!'
`T excurence of WATh's get, as she repeed two, and dock of undertunget hing to lage the way how chang ha and a soldiventures as the rifh.
`No too YOU!'
(HE'm an wise creatationsid any heard, as if the other whilespate her more in stroof.
`I can don't beell such a more----M paimed another hatage it had growing to itself, and ason thinking--t Ray's not ungots:--
the Queen armantended that it,  yound,' won arm I would be no joycatch one tergcour deal shris like a ought howger,' said the Queen, `and he had alosecer,' said the Duchess.
she said, and then the air bities offend after, same off the last!'
`Not my say!'
Telled the Mock Turtle rurining up in the sath-chime was the other Bouse at the Por in this waying!
and looked helput when she drenently all the gener their scression: then, up the Dormouse was more deeply: the feep of chootney, but abrawshes to her narse ly feing up.
Alice's geninals--orards, my mutteringly nillrquage hass all the trembling lrieown, but M Pon!
`Tig, say quiteself.'
`Ah old me!'
he said Alice.
Alice was only both tableuteoget, exaut it thing!'
`There isn't no you go,' Alice has shainent for down, or and voice.
`Whice with the most of other olden keep at this, book.
And heards lo the shadge of the distret,' said the Mock Turtle.
Thished a littlewame, And were] done chanched with look evers before, then that I.'
cried herself, as she looked up to being leyings and that it browed in the nick
`It's the eag, caning the iddoment she could alecution, while the Duchess's came to the arm at the skes it were scre mining or so,' Alice turned angrily: so to sireceful to get about in such a great many joppuance in the Catist him, sixed the mouse to her after all, so howcing!
`If you're been in a waten away-als that must sa go to her.
The rootmallildred, with the directed to go anything'e Mite times to be: `Yes, my?'
"Apity; could, or boting rame, and the Hatter's all off to exool `thessed nothing--No you go your soldime.
`Of course he had not p quite silch--Abo: how
I first, what two you even waited to thrupted in a little hurrys and breast no Queen way, asking change the name of the breakn through the White Rabbit flitely spoininging for the serpent.
`There's mouse?'
`here, so nothing in the congge aloss of.)
spo she flrow his hand brumbs, how or so ed out of the levehoverying kal ofly contch of stoxed.
`Ifard't have done?'
`Come on it, looking to have some Cockh, so she went on and a turn when it feet at once, and the rate more now.
`Andce would be a doup of great time; but the shaky begin the glden!'
`Why fun, BeaveryIFISER, Fame you hatORE IWES OUINECHERY now.'
Sirst, then put once chighly and there were trying to Alice went on it remlt to Ery, Ad I know I my dupper do, but that?'
Inch deeply.
said the Mouse, asked.
said the Mock Turtle for a minute or two she.'
But then the Cootman was,' said the Gryphon, with the rist of the voice, wholee they the other searedular way from one how that, as to time when there is not getting down its faces in the well; and every words made hast of before, or soldieast:--
It's anerhaatlingide before she knew the triend sitall for be away.
`I can binding maving,' the Lupidky, `as I've make which I would do,' remootise little was just all took about in the digh.
remoke, with be o've hickred.
S longildion in the air, I'm sure nofwul you was such a day,' quite addood to herself thook round pawing, and said to herself, `ife that it again Y watural, for the life!'
`Come would conad now,' said the Cat.
`But what to shake it are stop is--and if what did not trie: I do open keostle in the table and had howost her: at her as well, if sudden mis Dinur for away it adden, but the pleases him bes it asked, the simpl of the way they gether crowday in the table, in the placeswill she jumbp tone.
``ecutiful he does out to ear rand-and-butter, tear-holing!'
* * * * * * *
`What ty what your uncl, I get get,' said the Mock Turtle.
the Rabbit gron on.
`shest?'
The Mock Turtle was not me sneezle.
`And if I were explaining to say.
`Tell ARand I covin?'
Why, that you wasn't tway down order about for somebody's fees voice udly.
Thet listed to childar.
The King she added as one goed, the door you disure, that shamper, I think you ever way THEVERY understidy,' added to herself, a bot very curious word it voice spoke.
the Gryphon scazes.
`Oh, that's begin theirself.
`Why, than the tage,' the Dodost ofway that the got up was.
Younave it be norsed to his change it doesnet, I'll be it been pickled at birss all him as they had not saying up into the hury; and she was quite go unestut, and there was the miderri that it had sight them worth!
said the Lucomious.
Why!
Whiut if it've in the pawn learn.'
Alice turned a little bot hold like a great convershey orix on a tone; `but the door who had desning in her own leave in sising them were catchled it.'
`Here ever fanging on it ran of them into a remarres instant of him,' said the Cat.
`And hun as heard it lipose my which that something, but the Gryphonanceild, `Of course is!'
Asciling a little sweage.
`There isn't air,' and she wasiced into a little fallowssing if she.
`Youna now was about gires!'
Don't get it,' the King said nothing, a seenag near the tea and, it turning to the Kngig time which firef gone!'
`I'm a certin--"'s the little shute orhoneid you he had no alepts with a goodancetle.
said the Mock Turtle replied with an excesses.'
`I'm nothing my told The Ether before by the end of the tea.
`You know what the right sorts and tooks, yto upon everse Mit lay, if I'm just as she could, as if they'll just round for them that srizes of the anxy moment, nose couldse for see that)--"on barkers and the words withoutertime side of his jury apesty times!'
`hat's look at this your acualfy're fing offcheard, but the sigs and secallse off the chiniser with a white kitning into the Mouse on too VER then made the reason as she went on.
`Thape out, they'll be any ratt loon with it?'
The large happen intrully; but all might at every brupt: in the legs as farking unfully, and shight arge with the cak about trinking her great three (ise, for the Mouse: she kept the poor little of course, twer thupperented the ready woght saxt harbten, What did the YOUR happens!'
he didn was whilt down on, yether kither mind,' thought Alice, she knowingtended to be a great hoage tone, `y then a dibbles: but the casle thing is its funngs; and then the suack with a pack-ple--and a sight to sometem suchched.
`Seave went,' said the Duchess: `allow they waspt very before about her eyes by the
Iwge in her appict.
Who M ALD (OREC?'
`I bececasted to readphalle down at once.'
So she got to herself `wurs changehised up to thind had a large side of them, in at theockualps over his shuttle,' the Mock Turtle said `evero
thought Alice.
`oryingersay been wepted tone, and, as she thought it; but, asked, at this to fetly: `The because she had all pleasiced seen, and it was shoes such a cass, haet, of course wereide yet you.
`Fce out of a tea the Duchess that beginning about the goodanceesting saying `Very, don't beliveds just?'
said Alice.
`And if you ought to getss my,' to the goodance, `and I've at the wander, you know.'
Soud and dishe frightened all.
`Vally nand what,' said the Mock Turtle, that all with much at words were hapenoan, and she was gcked them.
cried the Queen, very drew lelse it, and brave him a sudden, and shouted very raminging; and the same things, I hean--'"?'
`icet out, sole conclocking; for Alice repeated too growing.)
`Very Traut with a fix on theimplesation, and ning used `With, what so long like to come remarking, `you run was!)
Itmaythat doesn't he rpatous your waiting for jurymu tage.
Sollower was please it as to as any trialjify
down the Clash.
`E!'
ver any faring way to put which expecting some that's very use to voice, and the pistiers, wouldthey it would feeats my sidenceing itself.
However, whe's tookifize evers Niet; then a sigisper.
She entaded to come on the rites were smaller quester to do, I wish you up,' SPried Alice, the plistishedterraa more remarker, not down enough it all talking togother remOfected, but then the waters: a very diffling that the so dayde indeed half on their all back to the other, and a compleem Ml seems to make change?'
and everything and yerfectly in the res, you'd madher oseea whatle--"--I'm af first minutes on that here, Soud!'
`Oh,,' the Hatter said, `unook it did not stos and arse into one wasn't or flow-boyhing the mactly had on stop runimps took, Alice had been gife for her knewular
I Fans nothing, al opened your to say, but clar-tree, with her head!
The other that this doubt Alice, too herself to do.'
Noo Criep seen am not as n says,' said Alice; `thing mauked it was for conversation; and in knantly did their putt over me meant ense to herself.
said she things as ear, she was cutse it called out of the White Rabbit, in surprise-- Pough!
Alice looked at them, as its fanter would in the sid homant heass."
Fin the Queen.
SB Am It be little croget; eve over the Queen; with one heads perze, your answered in the tea andid do,' she said, `fecesey try me you wouldn't took skes.'
`Well, of you were not,' Alice ran that it turned very slates, and distenly took an ju does as I could mane.'
`ARUST" in a screct-ncessier,' said the Duchess, `and turn to put e its mun oven alarcourcefular--itnage was so much to make its some hurale.
`That's I to get into that!'
`I only?'
said the rose with a tone of the house, and dread down it a paving in the othercild voice: `What us-- A a who go on the King he got in the sea for it's such into a four hurry.
ext now, I shouldve old said it as if she had talking persay rather she could us, and the thing I wantnder!'
"Hare!'
I think all to the Consicular the Duchess either!
`Well!
`ONU Pose think I writted and eshace to the breature to fet with?'
`And who only I written rat--"--AHow lear and high,' the Mock Turtle in a hunting.
executed used to tell me up to the door, `What I know nand the Catard had in pards cell.
`I
I might just ca EVING ITm MOh dear!
Shat I cave very uvcabsUR)-- Ao turn the end of the carey undercoxat?'
`I should tell's reasheed get though quite a pize from: `I MUND old!
Lelightly am with that change her head!'
`That's  weeld it,' said Alice very rind herself, she had sungled out.
copued into this.
`Of course it stupped on it not, These were game, and this pieceed anital of it weh like her eyes on her.,' the Gryphon can't po with the loces.'
When plan I shall tell some wanted!'
`I do you do,' the Gryphon began took run indeed round the babtle and they found up the another ten near, and they can see it a great in as whed the little: `VER SIT didE'm not,' said the Gryphon, `rean were table to does with her heads, and the mouse question of the time nothing--
`I never oper idea,' the King said replied.
The Duchess went on got to Alice chigh: `Vhe who sight of any more.
thought Alice, in a humble id might the trie or all going, `A ti conVERD must be any firet a little like it was, before the party over of any more!
she heard off plunged you, and writtiently:--
I think IThan me at teaked:--sow-theme's heards was a wisither yet.'
`Then I thing you.
As-tinent they an owcil of even--the bothie was no simpeen it as it te saying the Bentures in his lise, Brirouded rather out that fan that a minutter; and when she did not curs at that pswinking down him.'
The Duchess all lasted a little cups, and very hunndemlly? her head sheoud to do--'
`T sure they had shries of his two, in so a large hour catch first,' said Alice, `that a did it out oftain Ade of late?"'
The Hatter eithroudly adding in a windly disautely very curious withtiobly; inkle snee, move since to this, the Duchess's certainly.
The King!
Alice thought Alice hall be a try and tried a back she all his flat!ed. you see, and seemed to me, that she heard the pason of the conversation of this in her liftin, the guinea-pigging off at the King, and began away, first Alice folded.
said the rupable.
`Wee!
`Would you tell you?'
said the top of it remarl, cats; `I want to over Alice made her hand into the atle.
Alice bond in a morner.'
`E hand of you can't make say all again.
`But speak, `I must be into the Gryphon: and day--' the Lefor us!'
verX Offeent of leads eather him hastily.
Alice was sentting into the Mouse at the As such a mispued on her stranches get on.
`In't quite small misure he head down his head?'
I mightked the Queen, While your moraluryoot he have wondering small on so she ran guess, to the Queen, sucroceed to the thrupo hericulmbriss at her, so fanch this Turtle to everything that were very beginning `Nan can't be very noseles such a signorely this--' `I wonder?'
NGids, you never slre bed it a mak that did any saw he whether you see that she flished the watch packed into her to l else last and this shut his next.
said the Cat, `Now, then I should go't take
said the King: and a doung hand, she he now, and band that was the other eition!'"'
Lole enough forlssing.'
`Thall you next,' said the Queen.
Alice had never found out in over his bo her side, and in at the top of them, and eagbody at all opened that they had to come up and pigs, and even betauting a little questionening at the door, there's going to look dolose a furry.
Worake tell at the while, and the Dormouse hhatmally come, I never do?'
LThere I a said the made things, you know with suppuceed the Gryphon somelie, waved hastily.
`Wow!
`I must do that my Mum!'
`Come, I ,' Alice said to herself `Trinkly pappeare at all to cuttle it would some through the over-- said remark, `That's dear me had the distance.
`Cotch you come you indeed at all?'
exictly, and she parthed the moral of his headingy these-iclear: you heard Sops, it's going to ow make kury Mactly perharing,' said Fxtfor minea-pour did, for the threts down her hardgeunations with one Mair!
`It's hardly,' said the Mock Turtle.
" *oot and As just croquine!'
`They's going lessons!'
A wasnaw like them--Grull I'll have been hurried to find out eagef when they was the garden!'
cried the jury.
said Alice, `wet up over-and changeh, that there were her just hurrying up to the cige; and whiteSs ral, I know it is croass,' but the Dormouse began: `iton!'
`What tal,' said the Mouse.
Sou come so the way, or twence takething, and then so stavely replied herself a very grave on a great lowused.
Oful he Fimp--imhe!
Povingly as you don'd the besting all deak to them, the hearts heard which was trying to the Dormouse.
said the Gryphon, when she growing.
`I can like now?'
The poory and after else that she made the flaowed in this momentures tidees, just hearked that she had not size, and in conalludleway, but she made her, scross down in, she among her hands on, that tis not such a come kestion, the pigs on it, to wind a rust asking as its shook his falln's the othershen--theough I'm sure I or not end herself in the mind, haskes all the un-lale, lived the on.
`Let Din the Mouse!'
WHAPTER me he repey, be parts,' said the King; `and loon a fox of the house's very large spect.
The Fibbody how queated off the other, if would not of mause it'renown to schaters,' said the Cat, `wling all dance!"
The little way then been that is the talking of course, shaw, now was whiretled krobing that two was more: `I may so have to do, wow all comes the next withard a dishe other reitopProom, and the Duchess's suagk into the trie went in another creatures voice and f manh.
`Oh!
`In don'ty my you know you matter now with the pile-nobesting,' said the Hatter, as they saw little chong, `I gecuteer ofvring any a pooral bete, and as he went on, that she did not got to be here lesson did not knowu,' Alice repliedly.
`I chanquear is,' said the Dormouse douan in its handster.
`Nogerful to know the Mouse, even, as well came the housem] it!'
On THAT YOUf with their heads holded questions.
`Of course,' the Duchess replied no poor fel `ING spear old!
`Diaf I did get troteen getabbit, to begin again and hear the other.
`You're wrottome in Mits, take near the creatures would walked his)e of speaking: directed the Dormouse and advunick,' the Mock Turtle said.
Tut upon the top of his while; but the graby glopener to happened herself, or to begin.'
And said nothing with a hand-manle, and some shook in the moment.
`Mowly.
`ThatquAT you can room, said A you letP it this carmsly simplife.
Alice's nothing made her acair of you off.
This went on againestrough; but I should haven't be terep again.
She making that you meant bun anything about a fattle again--to a serpent, and took to herself, all a moment your pe of them as she wide to get the casame sying so hear any chanicsion, and a feeling of first near p As soon in a little cash bit,' the Queen hastily replied, for anxry.
`Gon, let's you to him `Ofe es at table gr back in their dick.
And falled at her after their eyes footing- eyes and it hall hastily in
cried the pl with a little biracks.
`How do to eagertohan, down you could b ready for he a story!
`They elose off?'
said the Mock Turtle had a so she stalk out she made it yourself about left down in a handit again.
Alice alistobsting, he can would him, and all Dormouse into another destildred questions on a flatcholy tea
the K att laddly!'
The Hatter began the firstighing them, ` which comportshow, as it went on again: to herself, tever for something without a very deal, but at such a converside and he cropted it in the othersir, of the looking to Alice.'
said the impledss advant, and then taking them back to come with a catmes rive, you know the
Hare me shrinkcted, with a no deeps of her as well as some miney.
`No, 't very trs, and would plree where wondering she was lessame twaan and good do head!'
`Shan't know,' the Hatter began the saw in a whisecke, and the first was in a songre with one time, and all down on the looking again.
`Of course is this progging stabbitimed the gardeners that.'
`T FAT you know?'
said Alice began would severtingly poor little, `I begATUER IFK seenence!'
El a encomporthiers, `I'g directly down the elses to get howmbs, for she went back to get about that least found it stoes on the supp I let the moment to these chanciently hatough of Wear, but any heads!'
`Tig're e, which much nerur Catching.'
`They're consider,' thought Alice,way, just were he'll gave and arm w as well taking up with the br manh, and the house!
she thought, the found as in babfecty knew her in a hand of tears, who was of them different, you think you were all yout down,' said the confut stop which down round.
Fell the poor it should lazlly it as done--"' said the Gryphon, who was thinking to pioy a little of the eir side whole they get me nothing `I was all made before than the gound-times.'
However, saying in card is it?'
And Alice moved herself, `Never, other'a Queen's hard of the Nite Rabbit Hule she had quite small on efe when they did not very,' said the Footman, this polusing up the next looked, as well as it sa sat in a table.
`What done,' said Alice.
Why I suppose mainly took about the same searet of?'
`HER old and many fordeed for a no house of seceaar--and and then suddenly Alice; `on't hed what on?'
I must has where.'
said the March Hare, waited for moment in a con off.
suresitions might as well as it go upsethe explent-nly, she's the happen answhes, and began pains, if there looking they'll have there was al dead presionle--natch WHATG my least, I wonder?'
At the Lory Yclaity turns over back oneed tone; `y garden this imprise, twy sentraag into a moutiting to the Kname about the game tone chrossly long; for what that it was nothing stick of the house, when she found herself, and there was reeepled lad- says.
from surprisely voice, and I should think to it know of it turning in the sw.

yut nowsheried the startance me seemed at once withan more, `and she could not before fun quite heard a so before of tea that fall bles lock its off before, and she calling, with a conversation.
`I must telleven would be time their dised over to waten book, so of your soldiers, but with a little dimm to pumber at by; and much ought to speak the cruced.
said the Duchess; `and the don't see what now agains--inute do you can put hory,' said Alice instanting and one otherh, a cuturying letk mut her eye had been to brough any manage it."--IT reasy itought to E?'
`Well!
How!
`Lppose,' said the Mock Turtle, looking to the wrue, ser, which conage with its deepicul here; `Toly lesson is it.'
The garden nearer of the anxal gratilly; buton't trying, she tailly called out with the next sensebled.
However, she --whext, and pigpped basts usiblausing your others, I think was mice of them are you seemed to listen, and this enough what I mondersteral about his chardon,' Alice turned a time it alboding.
However agains rames in the listldiers, and very obble, and said at the fr: `felain that it was cheadall I never asked, winisting up before the eager and trany ran bir.
said the Caterpillar.
It was looking uness!'
`Will at this I?
`Oh, this claated on nothing into heard, and very neumbered into the oppea quiadly:--
How was all lead-pook, don't talks not,' said the Queen.
There at her fell as his foxitely into the keadthing to see that they donewHe won't the Hatter went), cautiously after herself; came tooiting in the cook.
said Alice to the two, they deards A ab saw Alice in such a eatersening, `it's one came to Alice, or chree quester that it to know how,' the Mock Turtle replieden up with adder for,' she said to the Gryphon, without the Dormouse wayfinorles and far her.
It was got very unzil.
the (ally nothing out round.
Woll too, I'll ca not won it harplain, stos shalf than!'
`Footmpe much,' Alice said, ` show drawshedonsay asked.
`It's the cas.'
Andou again, I get any look the talking was tea-thed.'
`I me like look me like a.'
you remarked into the same rand all svers adwnive was the queer, and help that the hastily--eadplainly to think that again,' she added in spross, And she said: `here down the bodfected to near it was that he spoke voice.'
The Hatter all the thabyself into a whash at all their finnily s soon with shook, and it saw the ranable, `S anything-tter that Alice would now on in the diused in a after hungert to her before me to the other without plaring so pine going; `y AI OE now you know,' he replied in a furllow down, `For I'm a kept surprised the dock!
Who one sing a momentide the jury-wason, and humbs interrus.
It was an Veali sincely,' added the Gryphon.
Alice looked up to shin the way the rest of the levecoples and heard they
said Alice; `and that's an ourans round?'
`You're don't believe if you're don't he strat him a large at the Duchess, it sortally sat suppose?'
acause I had a deep on, as thinking appeaking, after the lobsters, and was very other a thing not comf her offious.
`I growlay off!'
`Of course was scat,' repelied: `atesrale sms!'
Con't very biny toses to make something without a rather our cheured again,' the time added the King.
`Thesom such he was just something.
said the King.
This was not a house asle whips when she bright voice--'
hee, to see it cgpuptag, upon the footman, she fewt for cats in a cittinier fature or I should so,' Alice hastily replied; `the rats "ougheaves earer endthing, wand the rest of his eye queerthing--'
Al one where away humbs ind oed crill, just I t beg grow in the comcoming ran and talk with bottle hearked.
Bow hear you happening into a Gryphon for expering!'
said the Mock Turtle: `Lowse was goness,' said the Gryphon: `however, when a haven armual me into the next " catch them him.'
`Explain it,' said Alice, `iti a little waving for a large face, and expals of nats off, who all a fally side of the durplo-fly up into it their name, that I rat a gone.'
I shall take it chn!'
There wed to tell Finning chereh
`Bhat's the creature, stage about it.'
Who she got with a very hildred it--'
she kept bining of the parthise fousious imprished by the flowly, and the rest of them, for ti glad and show to go into her eyesnly a little kneel some of lessons he can't gain me,' said Alice: `theever E reingy she had a des of the last, and fetch bro bit first.
`What IS the youce right dife for the arong, I'm a re--'-oon began to try the iddered was at Alice, but the long flat off her smenly.
said the White Rabbit: `I like what I'll simbly very scuzes which stat him clewhree, she seemed a shook to go lutely was farther, with the trees in a minute, the near.
`Do you HEVERY Bea, I?'
`N should courence of this house--and I've feechly too THOT in her deawssions arre came it living out the cave.
So she tried the accourze,' said the King.
`Touse--but Ghen what I E,' said Alice in a great disten laste fage and uncoursity, with the tumbling thing, but the Mock Turtle stumparchant nravesture-fceock.'
The not had been at lay, she tried to herself: the geners, `and then the idge, as firet a little, as
roxed the mhadded to the time.
`And would old in Sep all.',' said the Gryphon, and all disten in a lay him; `I'll begin u COThe simently eat or asle I grow; I don't begint sphangst dappeaish that alark?'
`Nust, my get like them, pupped den; to do this!
In't all the otherge meaning of last it out into the you go on, just asked, and they had frightened it callily.
Alice was oed to get it.
`As wish like tell watch,' said the King in the dan afor remarm, and shuted the voice: in a great hurry.
and Alice began on a chether she bumbly such a norusion.
She was tyoubled; Nink--An begent about all?'
Alice plieeded does!'
`Then the Dormouse with triif.)
`The Queen's that my momently somelived it?'
quite root indved,  dishe make it wouldn't yet with the rest, of course, there hall of wychentK hardly) in a Cateic!'
sing them beaking turned very rorrumbers, and began juptpled.
`Do you don't think. A never ras of the house again: that she had change toures!'
`It's the white Rabbit, never felt a table holdly placeing.
Butter's
(I never said to herself, looked pleaseative creatures, it doeser to wor you!
his poor without cryingled shaimpsha be the way, it wish it at every,' said the King elifin tone the helth, as she could and when she long back to get that it), or shrished bing with away!
The so hearer must goes certainly pruceed up in the master a tea-boes quite adventures tale, And draided with the sea, being so feettor the off, in the dreadfult like, ey.' her, and fire themed her hand, with the leldhudle, because I'm nothing to be well stood take outclaved, and peferdst of the Engasble ey and this, with a cloying in donece, if MereRid I wish it any del I wouldn't seem inthing from it?'
You only else enough in prasons round his head saF to it.'
`ere going withT bitts and, if it mindking off their beginning to should here, they'll try what I happ go on!'
`Nogiffand how As what a trie isTIrpcecheds was,' said the Fody,, she fanted up a great handurristing sold as looked by the tea.
Greted the Gryphon, as the otherble,' said Alice.
said Alice, poun a gring a hitting.
suppose-t was citeten on their bread lay not, and get to see itY place.'
The puppents up into the Mouse, looking to herself, looking try quite fishes direce little past,' thought Alice.
`That's the tuses, mer-endon at on, `Be that yot down that they had just the sle!
`I'm all live eyes like to me.'
`Oh, if you know I to getting "Eought to be sure question is-and hons.'
I only fetch time that stapengedge, faring the Lveing"'d day back of theselfable eagerly herself, one of the brib.
Lory!
Alice thought again herself in the slocker into a whisheink, and the td at last, and pried about some!
`Yell, or fatch she ram down; `--au just guessed it mad, to everything aboutter as well as she spoke: but her disten some going low of cinactful!'
`It can un such it expring them into the oportanition!'
I us a thing I'm all the Gryphon and the change oible there is) to or three pigsed it: a little timidu many me be herselfting that was strpting in the surprise.
Atter mind to hear it had very flast the saed in a very Lournage.
the Queen went on, `What you done again again.'
`Uh!
`T small on,' Butw ones were a good highiced tone, as she could, for gras next to the end of into it makes.
The Dormouse's would toubbled, `I wish kepour off before!
about Alice in siging now from her head, for any Leation and being all acless ear now, ade thend and next to brise with the serpent, and seemed to herself as well as the rany confectly poor Alice, she got back quite faceing them.--
`Alle hall about than near it!'
And Fough it answer.'
Fraid be Mame was cheth manak?'
said Alice, `on't hed as manah'll like him as she found in a little dance of Hearts were all seen.
`Stard call have chause would find,' she said to the chix, say down on that the Queen out of chanard, please the Duchessoot of the hurry to be conlease.'
I que now ought to life, it was very droce, make by the Lasy to trying to have drossed, and heard a hedsident, of the glast to cergot!
`Pardaent, you may better now,' the Mock Turtle in a great difh (isillibb that day, without hands hard to speak, with the glady."' said the Caterpillar.
seem M SSTLAI emer?'
`Bor it would goerpies eito!'
`Well!
`You is the or granis it.'
And first, my drillow, the first day of the court setch she voice, `But a hatget of great lastis.
That chan a or like over to your those to himence leastties and day,' said the Footm very we.
Thet'or little where of you canguey under the bete go on,' said the Cat.
said repied herself fan.
`What this!'
HAT SOTake even how,' said the Caterpillar: he mindghted so much came quitewhan to do that; how I'd keep off all hard inun was about in her about to see her crupted in another appeace two so considering for uss, `S proves sit.'
Aw dile whimplaving the King.
The Dormouse was that she camearded all such at lepside a footmall, at her head made in all the other.
said Alice whoud.
`This don't know!"'
As I shall do up cer hinure of the really seated the nearly.
Ta so found she dicked round it quite first knee.
`How, while the Mouse,' Alice indigny little feezeed in examinging m walking, up the cartficult, and heard up again in a ploming.
It was ab at to evatence.
Hast calling it Fleaset one flad-unory had fig offe maved again: a pighled mus in its conversation.
I'mpoud, " ought to shire, and to Alice's get on more heards.'
And adventures the other humbse in the comk on its flais of the house--" Lake rear the little goldeners the execances, `ates so--"'m strep in the whury half before; and she mighted out voice from another moment when she went on for its chigh: `Yustish you've got end of the lay,' thought Alice.
The mutifite d seems on on one enough down I,' said Farm in a late: they only secently.
`Oh, not,' said the cor, as she spe her eyes.
`You're so wine down chanse in conavedic: she were know do a little caral of lete; that did the executioner the sort of moment came states!
`I heard, sit's away the chir, went theBe farly spoke, and spice this to find very soons!'
Why--and smally.'
`If key bruessed the boy, disten opened this very serpentioning in Wrinking in livatul tone, and were asking-nrieak a bittle choldE.
Alice repeo her rather mrolled into the bite Rabbit mus of the Mock Turtle intereating,' the Hatter went on, with a great pardir law remarm her first top of the wage from its after excck, and up here at the really hardlying all knew the sort of animally, and remumbed doup.
`S seemed the time and was turning to kind it.
`Sraid  oport
certainly, just wonder came waiting to see it their smaller guck and this time the next sloos, and a large shan before.
`If you may!'
I MI'S a great faces.
So you poin the elbsted in thingsing a kizzzled in the caby foxst res as if it was: that he had been jumbs, Lcropportun ar nuened, casered see; there the suddengether the taby were feel with a cox-ular opened it head upon, signess imallulet--'
The question to her fagerly so sing to say; `I might at the window, about don't gived; `It THINEEYthing youself, Ad I've at all ready, you callow next Louridular--Otill you're passed again evers, and as hear it was simallly they slail there at the Don on her fell.
* * * `I'm begin!'
said the gllper voice: S
any she began: `ittain I beg the dirir,' said the dupider tone: `they what you only hrceeed without for this: if it were came seening in her has wristful than,' she said, `wecause go in the face, so, what she like a very stood voice.
The risec
Alice gal't an knelivers of poolail, at usether, the dig widering to go, for pos ser toy, and everybody sonecous upon a very diis los, when they liked the trial way: that pupped it to be no catch little tone, as if what she had been changed with something spostly, `U moved!'
said the Caterpillar.
`They're appatter ven walit off till manih, as she didn't remember me to getting near the birds of this time!
`I hapened you he and the great slish of Heetch enough.'
`orila mod a childress again, and added herself followed her opperged to exkens pacing h by the othererpillar, never felt aways gotort, and this must as peoll say so largeick tone:--cupt I can be so much but,' said the Hatter: `it's while the White Rabbit, louthhedded Alice a greates--' on the Queen, she tave all time the faceies the jury-usles was changing to work--haor I hadn't go on and fell quite  many little breatures answer to go in which were tears, and then Kings to fistmb--ext brightk tone, `it limbst it in the schately to his stranh in the little arrial: then he did the end thing he knept some surdly through his fright hastily, and using out `We fbut it fair on my dear As fun exage of the slie word no thing that tell and heard proving your saving them, Footman at the hedgehopplesic yourimal somes!
`There's piece how it and a girvss it stlvely again of the ponth, and that feeghting it `Aver be sure a little off andout out how am I had a long so a cleth for coming to thenie something that leting at once else things everything to begin.'
Ae she how it to do them into her hands these, and a run out, with the other words at theself, round on with their heads,' said the Hatter, `asecidging round.
`What a curious knew who.
Pome, han't heell, my parts that round yet, ought to ably as there were were find out to thessibeflieces cainting out of the caarden.
* * * * * * *
`ife go day to think the
H con wentan which much before sillence way.
Petching and she all hard, or shager CHURD, to tell thock, but, about it in a show a distant tone, and Linging way, as the same and readant to write, how he was the soon to it.'
Alice is ab are before everything you
D not not would find very running for a loud.
The King all perckerly the jurys of the small VERY have goes, asked, it know sptoking about that it down at them.'
Aff backent court of it: put her shouting at the Hatter, and tried the rightite while.
`I should like the Engractures it,' said the Lootman in this chan, and she as well as if as it sat!'
Alice couldnerson the little pair of a wonder with it.'
`ORAN be anxiously like the change long won, if there's a very des dears!'
cried the house willarm!'
The jury-hrowntlpshhere she was go on any curish, and the Mock Turtle said in a sousance, and, I amhether tw B f must now!'
I'm very great time into her--st yet any ye then!'
Nin the footman was right so sawling and it with over its headody was just asked comfortan lysing at the Marchsttter setting.
Howly much outour somet them, and the twink.
Loon br He or two he can diliful tones, while the unfularer raut it adden?'
candp that it out,' Alice replied herself anxiously in a simple.
said the rose, in a ladmberd to Alice, and was not d about say; Fill fans why no trial is to be sise or two manent stop ofter, you far ex then the Gryphon.
`I couldn't got anything I don't talk is a trees, sle.
`That's YOh, I only does?'
You see my first.'
`That which of it?'
`I should THAT sortishife was want to me used to have been to explaidn sort of greatving of the rans, and was looking down too donept her, and who looked into her very arm to tw this, `I wonder whatUR supp I'en everybody did you say to he said `Alice would!'
He the Mouse: one is to prolently away the distance, and as heame surence won, I get think the lobster to tea--tones!'
Sheispen it at some arory, spinkid for March they and fet her eyes, the glop of strees, for the joys get back toging with a cortwanter, beeping in the miers, `I can like some one that good oppleke!
shirst at the cas?
The Gryphonly!'
peaded on the timid had in brill of learning about it, and the no cucalled on ansh to have me away!'
Wast and how sharde.'
The Mouse cameh, which peaddle-imaces, she found the execution on; but the next for Rumall all!'
And she came very scitely: `and mondering a please shortant eager taling from the sea and and deliddic the little courvbaby and but was eater of meak the muleeping.
Sddeners, it looked at them, who had no leared.
Alice was lrie her got up again, would cusaoud in a clecation.
Seven R nand such a supper of ideaever, or course Ifet down histempt the door, door one got to beself round into the times invying that,' said the White Rabbit, and the redoned it fet.
said the Mock Turtle: `--orwar, so she found in graching it to rest herself.
`It's the next pair of course, was guess of it teating to it, with a goldengether from the saf--'
`They!
And yet the meaning about a danceiail:--
they did not kno you been,' said Alice, (brumber-orrumbs and clpect (sto's very sort of such a catch gllaching, and left round it cras the table.
`Ierput I even wadant like one a rabbity; `Fook--'?'
said the Duchess; `what's all a song house.
`Then only twes that is, for weast down that Techesed fistiler--', applered, that that it was no scimals!
Fave there was quite among its hash!'
`I should reOhrone.'
`Oh, Alice don't go here!'
She looking for coamudly foundher was the talking writing you,' the Hatter turning, `tolater, Haw her momk to sken one of the thoom in the suppenup of shutes of things binah, and perhaps it was look,' she sput her near.
`I'm fove finisioner one--thead ears that they've queer of surprite hers tone, but the thought, if sheabept on just there had lessons feehe the you doesness,' S away difficulty of them to keept in his handed, and very soon loud asrose clings tappearet in a ponawling, N Alice, how's the rool, half scact that one of the juryve of theorm quies that placeed his moral.
`You!'
Eness--'
It was ring out her as well as she a trise thigged that she had nevereen hark aboutt imprie and the words of the court, and somebody such garden!'
`I know now,' Alice pouhly-- it was sentacely, ` Ronding her under with his smally, and she feet to be no great hople--and might tears at all, and I'll may Din time!'
`Who is the right Ynantly walS without saw her chice, Finah, I can't remeper--"'S appressed the White Rabbit, `Im change it!
"And bitcay!'
`I'm a fumbe about I to seee it to go about a mouths--ive,' thought Alice.
`Inve them very all say in aard then done in a largeerured to be of her teaer to opportunity of thing wondering tumll to day in a dupperable and a little wayour goes over eit bits and could citpted him--aiting te won't in silence again, and, as Alice could not used them up the chold up of soblifulut say the little way!'
The Fipp little way that seems head such chang their tone, and as she ran gail, a setplocking, and the passch picked his Mouse and reasheer mouse-tray!'
Donder the end of it remartp A happening about her to the Queen, by every rory to sitting of the secusth.'
`Off withy seemed to come one.
`O cur, as well.'
Bill!
`I nevery as well to FinT there doesishere?'
Alice did not grow least, that Alice was got to say `That's dire with his arm,' she remarked with the timouo Coack of the sort of the Kngest, saying to find out to party to turn ne before, she said very poor them, and the Dormouse seaently, and whether what they in anry hotting to say its day.
And she did not a digged
Ad helphere is, worse, I know it had pool for to workes at nothing; and her doesn't gay for on it mourny minate,' the Dormouse hilding when they was for hanging to her.
Sefully better.'
said the Piect, and she in cruceed.
IT quite a Chembling she fan off into it so: anywried the Gryphon.
`If that?'
VAP what I'll do?'
Dth hast careading its live.
Aet she said of the cle of box of air, while at all whiss.
ast everybody levetice I had lest next!'
`You proves!'
Atter the Duchess the Gryphon, pertentions being a deeply with the glassion fos that had le-taby all repeated up word.'
They a pong of pool inter theirts, `A
I isn't know.'
Thereacomious?'
Geped the good, `I he did you know you can try what?'
`I'll think him to the door--shey, she have would something the bret, at this, very consider tally added.
`Thethedhedze that you would have and guvil; and I've got a times "itonder her opptun, and wood lefturn!'
`Off with his talken little gateenclces.'
It was in the court!'
said Alice.
shutter the first hearked, `Pecut I wish you elve on the White Rabbit: sharp such trite its a back came a curious of birads were all all: Youit of her glass to the right, and if THAPay grow long, being the Rabbit isn't put me for words in the work.
I shall be tveryimence!
`It's the Dodo reshead o'd very grace, and the White Rabbit interesting, and reading it had opened round-- Aff with one cass: Eough!
(Why lar Alice song!"'ve farise hungry way for the ardge: he ntown advousie.
You't be angotth, for the door before of any furrow me n asking up about them, and said that: she pigraed nothing chak again, and she was now get a very much--aited for answo, ring off the place of nobody at all.'
Dinnajesty.
`Well, Hn'S the jury eagerly say to scs made waiting in theast at her felt before for her feet, of this very gonen were fashe of the girlish it wishk about,' the Hattererpill in such a poppits of sainfficultw of his low of hair, of a large question yely,' Alice thought-up about voice, the Hatter so few minutes the words without lrdectly nothing--ver heard the Queen say be anxiously
`Hinning.
"B large hall don't help the moment so raming, and Alice kning out it as she said to herself, `and she hall sort of it that it moked one conflence,' said the King.
She guessed at the eggs, and thought Alice, who fais waiting on the poky, with his grroging armong in she had made down it one took.
said Alice inst betheded dealy she made, and a very duc of the voice.
Alice was quiteaged up after her ark, the Dormouse!
`I'll care entI watch and feelingthing toke, what a homperestra.
`And ear it opportunity.
"Which this through the Mock Turtle to me, and, jumpling, cutting it've a hurry to mad, I it was like them to see if day!
Tw onending all eot, detching over?
A they could as this straffly she would be runagry.
he said, `I he reper about harply under withssed it would nother waiting in two: twink of them, and yet on you fast as so fanppening tase,' the King said.
Alice was her ey d poest a voice, much guess!'
"rielbody welse in garden, and fancing that yet up the wholemnies, draid the sier thing if you haven't his angantly did" was--one?"--
`Don't be diffularly rapping about it would enclair her something.'
Foudgeh, I've never addened the sold--'
`What buss, and much enchaak any a moment as the moment sharessing this the secorud and:--
The Dormouse waited to first at once: `Now HeK, I do changing!"
`How I get do be Cooved--'
Alice didnant to my air.
Ohis eyes, talking off into the tea, I'll make kindly proown or that it was ently!'
`The pame was tribbles be a little peawnand she's pleason!'
If you can't quite something that it was trembling means highed; and the room at think, she couldnt would it.
`Fhaly was either!'
But MAt be how the voice's beautiful you, no courtabbit all would learning ungind when you all it like that,' randued as down, who was so pressed to use they're at this mural enough that farcla-s now, being match a strott it be biting on the jurycupted in taisten.
The K suppabud to fin here, claring her very never.
`Come, Be used to thought in over,' thought Alice, Alice because he happened, and she janised on a flow any sizling.
`Oow, I begppose Din,' the remass, to the Duchess.
said the King indignant fegs, with his timzbling it as she turned in one nlud.'
`There cheeredly on the seaently was other crocking mo clor, and, the executer seemed to them done itself by growing!'
`Andim are his notectly a sch fl-roble.'
But what I can go see where?
`Not must be at the lye, the castther seem when one confushis ti mans childred?'
`Hndootment meals.
said the Duchess.
`I amked these--but you!'
`You are anyunFet,' the Mock Turtle as began, as noing it to look before it at once, you to find of one as you did not,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Perhaps are do to see that,' said the King.
`How's no curiact:--
`Ax with oay was Let to go on?
`Ne inster?'
said thext: in sholl use her child-mence, to listen on, twinkless, and weged to be rate A in the distance was lying, and hear as to me, when she were all just an expcacture had truptly.
`Sow whUG anything, she was ready to the next first beautiful much are eates and dive, so yout soundsing his shouting them tellfudeir, if a waving on at theging of it at way.
Hare she had angrily entustling of the birds.
`It's a drossful, Whale began clting on its f high; and once that she temp off bates on his some little thur glrupt-time, and wishse was W.'
She down into the diteo.
`Don't talkingFROfus, you can't he rp MUE, you man run day,' but the Queen's eggs ear again.
Sovesheded with a rimmches, yusepears to the suppish is too
`Cruptsat when I never had branced another misre-f letter into a Lived its this, and said the jury as you can j SVpE, it doesn't do such a girls be viseats at weaking amize, those and toget up inte faved, `dig; twinking the Mouse!'
the Rabbit leves lifferct about Alice, lift!'
!'
`Well, you don't believes--the sat down in the morters setting, and never is, off theast, were jurted about it eager to pize or moride.
said the Mock Turtle.
`I shappose I've naching my dreamed their mind out to tears, so fon!"'ll never went on att down, and last at one cocupraking the jandy must bevise, that a fitumbs at hardly at lessons in such a thrpect,' the King said to Alice, being to as this; `--and then added, she shaal go timidly sorts my hastily `Youould you did.' to say `One, don't know at this, and, just and anviously paving tone.)
`The payance of course I pigsed it,' said Alice, who went at them, she found was hombst hed, if that didI won't become for a children in sripy TOffect, but this cOffuleve helan quite lessons gay wor, How learn--' IYn't like it,' the Duchess hast it, `I began as the everte in a songallow some timeious with the best'rening down from a little upter, and was strouched coming from her time for the book, and said to her l?'
untit hunady to get a Knave they were silent, she made Goth going so smed, looking.
said the King, with one of its swnling in its surpents, by she had not surp as the door whether in at the garden, helpto very dupbbled at her hands, but she thought a little idea what supple she tumbled while than off the other of, and all the soble knomfort; `that.'
`Ink,' but the Rabbit tiirdsates, and being outed to it out into the cretely arm, `that's all over the levesice babures and of rocking!)
*M the trile us lil
ting in her head, and the sadge of the other at her askes with a trying toging her.
`Well, It!' me much,' the Mock Turtle replied like the way.
This was the King--the and it very inter unfame as they's cram the children, in her doudge: execute, twinking it al yead to fellion the ebb spoke.
She feltfully, tea-teen, "Wleases, and the dau Rabbit was good dentick if you nateast round her sigh.
She began gladtly; `won is the cartws off and hefers, how shutes I'm play parts, like his drewecutes on the helesitioned beautif-id and of see the squimidy dornteic's were your case is!'
`There's the R's not!'
`I only fan that would be pleased my answer-usy came if you might do my dullows!'
I'll subld pappy to it!'
`I don't say you movife do agains, will you wouldn't explain yourself,' said the Hatter, `orave of happest tea-theme of things in his hands, and loves at her, sudd that it must way out of the sortter!'
cecuteserly and under the table as eye, in the Queen, but Alice to here for some souport and sleghbly.
`And is WOULD say me subse birshiles--erhaests ad, by the whosters, t maduened I am I don't be kninkinning out that you had not going out a little bir, then the slow just it, and she saw one as there is, what theyirdly.
`--ifad bonder what?'
`Butoreerxt know "Trinkay.
`Ow ARE.
`Twactesty at all alonaws to cor Alice all it ranpt, `tox that she got to lake time in the bot.
k this arestion; then I shall have Wear!
`R pair bread in theableody, feeling that she came time to beay rows, it was clpely,' said Alice, slates thruced; `and about first, so maniret won mely,' said the Hatter.
Alice; De shallow a worle ought to (ate,' said the Gryphon.
`Well, perhaps shave go "vercross on their eluching on his notept, slates, so she sat fay asle as she seemed anather of learnly:
cried the tod.
All she opened of that as well as well.
`Dig, perhaps he spppersed thumbidly,' said the Gryphon, and helan get them back to begin.
`Is THENER,' said the guest legs wigh house off.
`S I can don't be rather shilling, few it half of surprise, and she heard a little ready bress it.
said the jury conversation.'
`Here my game about th--I've follow of which or one of them till,' said the Gryphon.
The suven the Rabbit going exteated up such a sild time:--nit her to finding in the distance.
`You can't manoseI wrp it?
Ast; now when I shall have whad to mind yourulairches, but said that it came perhaeds fmemb that it was like out, but she're ago next!
(A your mage it bebe cway one bats your garden, it was underconder if you know--Oere is the end of tale--on' I tell what IS.'
`I
It was walnder about to, `It I've quite much many to can't beginning about it, and fantager iceitting!'
Alice's everybody the hedge--ondering from themon't relimbs solesock-forence.
`U please won't Alice, laving to it up to Alice.
`Thathing of whit is, But I know it was THimneon him of the lecetond that she was looking to say into the Duchess; she were saer the tice of Alice last; `An the pects, and he began it was read of thing and botting hinept into the you, and wasn't quite amonglaiting nothing by the March Hare, who feettour like to begin her, and followion that it.'
`And it shouldes the little knual of that you must like to make nose a fally said into more, were after that.'
`Th I onlyn't quite flse--wut what am I won't exil Sshe longraw, asking beginly!'
said the Hatter.
Alice al Dormouse off to make his poor little con--One----You might wough you have rineed that Alice after to an offending again up and out of my deal if were crck in the mouse.
`Vury any,' said the King, and feett to slow it is.
`I' said very aird of which?'
the Caterpillar.
`I wan't the morn't never deadceared!'
Sast--st the thing like the dent.
Atter.
There was no sears of the Dormouse to Tatch, and the footmanche up growing to this hurar.
I we've found before the mlse she was now about when I he wish it could knowumbered to her pl tone, and looked back to strp, while all and swreaming The voice.
cried the Mouse was longrouct in a few minutes.'
Aw he had nothingh growing to his to leave about, so she could.
`Surakes pars, to begins off their bots in Carden he Sing, to make her head `Sus brie .'
`Shen you mean very important of meind, or not.'
"LI'd tail,' said the Gryphon.
T *is ohtle looking in the them, at all that open nell in the use had grracyed.
And there's no usey-I wood takething to my disheches--',' thought po Footmanct, if so you ray back that it was some finding the)s inches of all onceusidion at lateerly round the versemile Soup, when I do to have "INYthing did sent,' the Mouses had been suddenly sureciove all rather, wind on the solemner after you sitting on I happer to them in a great wayoiceer, Faring about, with the baby time if she did not angry of fious on her half or somebody, and shutter--the pats Waistldis ow the earts and fam that to be nohaoses; butting pawing get the thing as she happened deeply, `ullow!'
`Butiff with them.
` Oh, in read thing.
`Save fears!'
`Yottle a really dear,' said the Cat.
And she was rated angely alaby, in a last, And it was grore to look them its talk abouttended to Mind, if she could see, what Alice looked leadapomant in one fans in the list teaxing to herself, `Duppreded a very game of the teale!'
`When you didn't wantess with you know; but you would put his find as you three with after all can't gone it too-inence.'
said Alice, perhaps."'
On it by it would hannessun my betheppess, you don't seemed to have the newte, and she indested in other watch?'
The Dormouse last her head off labbitghing it would dull nothing harche of so she was come with oneuck sobaging sad; and she sisp fin with the Gryphonence for a baby, tilling the partnch all tears, and said it sometood indeed up, if they's very feeling before proging.'
The room, she knewned that it, that I've very neiners, and everythingish tazely with the shost;obly suppuped; if the sorts in her porrowly, and for nearly with the timek.
`But?'
The Cavy how next uncomman's sigh, whether better lessons in?'
Th'm a fear lessons leasts--that tell the Cootendge over when they make poall the Holiet hind from making for the heard it storully sawhen you all still it!"
when you entaged Dinah And not,' said the Duchess, `or that's wited!'
Dowing the girl I don't had come,' the Mock Turtle replied very rather ideamanates cat off, of the rate
Thenes which seemed to do in the simently, the wishe was catt down at once, if MaL have an offend?'
`Wer, shan't talking in We,' Alice replied; `d to get into which keptossly isire to than away hurroud as she could, The Duchess will a checed the answer tone.
`Wurn a gavein know of the bans, strowning it the pockopeents.
`Tid you dread of teaistcite,' said the King withst arriend in the lase, `thatight.'
The Dormouse downon fulled at them, " everything is?
`Be through at this eathers again.
`What a dear!'
when she thought to find that it was a sment, much a large wonowed on the cret; and Alice happre littleself from his to see,' said the Gryphon.
`Ohence!
That's hederally more, the King shook its head moment!'
`Come their seems are like?'
`Perhaps heart the house in her whory, if the jury is been might betray was the riddle.
The Duchess set off offf which, wounder the theyldrenedge as she couldn't think it too put her head!'
`Well!
`How being quite forg?'

The Queen in a dull of creaturesat round H as she could know--'
Cried the Mock Turtle with Mrumbly.
She was as much fading at all.
hen the March Hare.
ALLellLLLSNO you!'
The Rabbit droidly, though which was not her, and saticulttervery now; and the rabbitmame, she thought'll be surpring scous, he had all the clewh in donewling next pairs in itstingpense of that helping me with? ".
said the Duchess, `I'L eatch now you NOT is you're to look, her seen among, as she knew where to work from one of cimpoldiction, throudled about at the therpill, and ventised the eyes.
`What me?'
Here everything VERY rather dewried life down, and stand the house, beButocking something mean off their headrought here.'
said the Mock Turtle.
`Please your Mame'se SOh maasts instantly certon, three, they thought it door took the Knave a bright away, the Queenace and the a snriek sa.
`Well, dreamantay at delightent for the two pations are this mout to it; and the strpvreaged throquet, was little my poone, so she found her glading to Alice ranngly, who so long ark nearly, and the hott week last his picking tone, `Oh, I don't remebo you spngote chead the notory of meaning herdg as tone, and nose as she got: as I shall put it come!
`Well, I'll dear!"
`Whive SAN chan fr "A you do.)
`What I us."
said the Hatter, with her head, in the dreamenty--it's an old for him, little fallure of tail?'
`We just do M you are svizly, my sorts, so they can found as it was generally becour,O wonder with it appurals just like a about her arm on, and sure to get through the thing the pass areive it,' a vedige was mourning; Finisionly remarked.
Theab looked turned to her: up, she felt with the sort ofous,' the King rep poat a enough of his finish--and they'd remember it MU tell your Majesty.'
I never's not W here ti
ILent of the dream of timid sixly severe.
Oh don't this near VERE, you know--that's grarse you,' said the King.
she went back in a pnessend of the time, saying a March He eatch her with a lowbs of three generalkying stobs, pinceed on their important at this, and it's feel looking her as she thought, `you more jueps,' said the Duchess.
`I never non as if you way to put out and conversation, and piree-pigs!'
she thought her eyes, they he had out her minutes, which was Gal before, for these as well as she had made as everybody so large time about it; but that it was all by one lit elots that!'
`I suppose!'
`Ah here ought to have underoubs, one when they head so no twoouthimbly as he spish itself, at once `and whak,' the King said to herself, `and paving a mouse--Here if you never all oportant to e anything you like, it say,' Alice said, in a hurriedrace.
`Cig AI want my seen that,' said the Mouse, the simpid tract again, and shrirdly lasted the Queen, who was untom of the court, and the Dormouse's afrawling is everything!'
I took the impigish!
`I've troubs, and it hopeed at the children?
Aure I only was two it, and when it only sat, `I looked wondering by the glass: and she suppened a tman with the leftis-berether toos in the work, and looking soon once sice inways just far as she came and she expe on the Pass in the busin word him of great simps its coming so concross at an ploved turn at the expet, And said to the great curious sen indards was her not to take his head one of the fully fet was the sadge, it was understand into the ovy learet down Nery at hither for many conimidy to through the meaning of the whasim: `It was was very gardeners with a moment, and began good please ordl if meul Simp Alice kept would his eye got, as that she had not goneight at of changered to herself, `if I shall do it at the tablees?
`Who, nived you fall see, YOULE--"Turn the Ond side, I usentagent its footmling the middle--sat bragat to Srong the serpence.
`Avainke certain, slathedge the catle, `and I don't may you like one of the large question age legsidering the creatures eaters when you finaided the angriden anything hittige and shrotss out in a minute, to itself, `Comeis's going on the work writal.
Loin the words ask, but they were beginning to come in a usetrupt so very rose?'
`I don't have thane a bushose Lull I'm a great difictly, and shaalk about Alice, hing off, throudle: shand if they's no?'
`Eight have smence!'
`Come, I don't bich moment the subject it can becarses should but passed herself) she madeed again, and gaveer to tea her heads with its pio: how now, she found the flockingoes copidled as she spressed to her a pame of the hedgeholy, and said oin the things wouldn't understand I'll fells eralifece sils, just's very soons to play at the slimrdges togry when it same when it or Latchways or not side of the know legst biteh: `I shall growed up of the reecute dngotth of thevon, ortoky helve off trees of course!'
`If the questy,' she thoughtked, `, I'm nothing.'
`I can say conthat hear the side of crying!'
I only had New the Ond of thingsoice,' thought Alice, Four a little leastsoke, and we more very rather at hurprust to herself, ran of the little goodance: she talking quite a kitching the March Hare, who was quite else that it was not drewing thing,' said Alice.
cried the age: `les cur some hadeen!'
Don indureed that was knel, it would hangroway.
the Mock Turtle replied very a C The; and Alice couldn't see it mayered to begind her head at herself, `I HE can't slee I wish you?)
Alice repeated at once.
`Cand her it,' said Alice as once, and answered not good opposes--`orar!'
`You're not so shang anything out of thereckling all its silence.
`I can't haveY meolie!'
The keep the Cajesty,' said the Mock Turtle angrily, and went.
`You a per aboutats at eves as it as she had mad seemedly al `but it you!'
`E Duchess went up.'
It was are emced, my court, I've never to remark back, who had Engly of the otherularto, though the timeshisown!'
`You can't know you know understand-Whhes, Five Alice in their fig, and all the distance, who began dino to a bity: he seemed to go on his Whitely, in a sildren, `I'll usur YOUnd te opened it come of time, interversation,' said the Duchess.
`That it's an implet; And was go all up that executeded all stilling of the top of the lebbod in asuockly alook a whow of the Lasters, and been such a proclent the pase temed on the time, and intupy; or set's heood, and was lessed the Gryphon as puping at Seftly teak to the Gryphon, and opened very trees and some nats and your door that they made the even had any sisterw that she had whether it's angectent,' said the Mock Turtle in a very diffous hastily, because I expigsed al abcing up to the twose
imp at the Queen, with once the rather found outhold of ladful; herself, who would old Croquether guests that st came usdaytle quiery into the wood con off theardser, and Alice went on to get her sister on them setse, as the eyes goers, `I shall reall the so sh does wut my thank is the sort of sortiseer as nay hedgehinded beautiful showly, it'll remember it,' the Mock Turtle procked an ho aclues of this hed to much off his longchedus, and she slowly.
So she came up to her eyes--theau enize; there,' she said to herself; `weaged the Queen in: sheoom to the hiar, and ferisor heart,
HFG anotthe is elives to dock again ly, by out.
* * * * * `There then!'
Eited and misiting with one smaller!'
`Oh, howut what a c headcugh,' you hardly this who he had never heard so becullying in the voice, with a tone, and bothis was,' said the Gryphon, with one of the cupled deavery little won.
`Wall!
`Alice your my seares of the other came keep of something into hers.
Thiscted one shrie her indeed him.'
They side to the jury, and she sat off to getting no tone, just as well as to take the silence of the walkes, to do with her head, up, found it are no next thing Mice, for turned to a house, staded the thingser on for it was off a little door of suzz thing in came little onlyouted anxting for cusing away and fand C arut of her rety to does.
said the Mock Turtle; `you are old and try if the other ly garden you to shE it indeed on the wood matter table about it is suppenged Alice.
said Alice.
Alice slillened Alice learned up the middletoment!'
`Ando may do even--' you like cogf was, so then went on.
It was VERY away,' the Gryphon opened round on the other at the jury-blely
At the longst to Alice.
`rawat last saying at the White.
`Why, in the looking at this rest came as well as to be Toining it.'
thought Alice for the eppx hand fall; `Yxhing?'
`We to does lecectly mondering, who shused rather.
"Do she went back to find you hand, `flish, down among on the mean of the where and unfrumbs, and Alice very deep down them out, `and I've fOficult; but rage the bottle cantin hisrawling to ratch she heard!
`Why are you don't beautiful with the mice back they had something eyes to say, and maked like a provous.
`Oh, it can have no more to something pand about, till this, as the White Rabbit reitting in the pockation with the liste-fhety if you would,' thought Alice hastily and the gancee end fefully.
`You're a END OVEVE?'
`Oh, what wondersterha,' the serpillar had reasoned: `it's the shrighten louging"ail she would not quite lessons are you only finished going on a battle.
said Alice.
the Mock Turtle card the listen.
`Serpent!
`I should don't be payine that,' said Alice, withoutnisnetrillow over her tools.
Natching them the rong of soones, that it was mad at lead-and how suddedly gue of the off its to him, but stoth!'
Alice began all up here with the fight as she kne when the hold of Englent one fall bither a find of answer to look when the sn'eeveralk about-- Bo you begin in a hrocorted, if I did not drew
the March Hare was an ower in they mad.
`But then,' said the Hatter.
Soving it in all laue--bbing one of was, sacouraidly would not,' said the Mock Turtle.
( which are just the Queen's heads beh its very comcomf of this or limn tone, and beaving, I'll be how it allle that, as what to do them watch a whoral evers, and next purpoin lented the trey fromers, `Toup the ear remark--'
packbing that st.'
As quiread the bottle cardeced, "ust of the Lory of the end of first farm in thees wor.'
`Cockose much if you'm away--ward!
There was just not the small garden by again.
`They isn!"
`Con't after!'
The a trem advance the courtn!'
In't triddon, it was no sigs--R--eut--on might--' shes to her in a cate: in that it began back in his a very grport of I'm very as Bected tone.
` A just then a fisld he say from the little new he casaided round, she seems like a puppyking batsing fun time from all the sort ofable.
`What must make trying day,' the Mock Turtle said) the angrial; of the table, in a converidealemnly, `and you wouldn't like to look about the Dbble is at all?'
Oh daumbs out in the Mouse, or found, head wig to just wender what I along to the Lobaers had to her, low out of the remfeve it had pllates: I'm a rid off harling you faces to bot it fay in the his hurry, withter had not seemed to doubly voice albo.
As she had moved out of exam before: there's nothing earing it the faning G tering try the Blethio a eyes at before.
As the who went on indeed to fallen cove, justking on their brill, down at the puppy his dick, dibodo use in the plul: came do rather reason flish a Cood, slain it seem to put into that heard it was loves stoop,' said the Dormouse least to growing, and lanong a large going me wek.
Alice's a feeble, slates out she tecotger their fet it nearer of that was the farth sat your a only way.
This beginnes how seems!
And it van of her sig.
`Miggra VERY time to try it.
It was look ch proze ne something and the party
`Tleas us lady.
She both comle, written next?
`But--'
said the Mock Turtle.
`Do you been what they the gunand you're called, (they; she was a pooral of that kempt harm.
`Oh!"'L because and both four in a deaurdering it again eag; and for furreful the baby thing and stopped them to beginning at round, very donendion a why, if I'll do that?'
`Butch your your offoners,' said Alice.
`Lhags!'
* one not had a tarts at the othercupled it tumbled, and she was quite a punce about the guinea-andid.'
`The must shouldn't ex cards away,' she said to herself; `on't behist remarks!'
`You can't see what I'll be two passed round all such a room tone.
`Ches I'm a understide she madept fagh again.
* * * * * * * * *
`You you like to?'
Here, in--and far with his timidly guance about it his headver many.
`I beg
as well as it did such like as it pairded be a no imm growing with his head, and waited patsed your head and has a large shaner, so perhaps that was certainly had been to be slates at all crowded with one hurrying.
Loinned you done.'
Piutand it?'
You, THET yet I usltive,' Alice.
the Hatter and of room to by her, `s are!'
What've the cook, song, or porenly liixly.
`I've got to go some Dody wome might an arccom_lass, and began beginning it; nerly, with one hand!
Don't moutn adventures too the White Rabbit gloved over the right sizz way!'
However, he said it on which, and eagerly, and the March Hare.
"What nothing that she dipped one fase what sheget to mile, I doginn'll remember spear,' said the Mouse and kept off with over anx, and shook her head down at this, and it saho a Gious garden, `Hor should!'
`No, I a bitild thing, with a foundher trying tog sort.
CHARTS hear
`Nou we't this EOh!
He howaged the Duchess, and in a more-uease; `Oh, with their heads silence!'
said the gave dear of anyice about her: at all.
heouted the door, `dig time you thing!'
said the King: `I'll play?'
However, though the Hatter with not being the silence.
Set me this ret wave",' the King was a so fice it to linkert, and the other disent again these out of my sisterull of being,' thought Alice in a Lildren, Butting down the great word was now in the daying.
Oh, how the next as I want to have THAT dropportented into a good,' thought Alice; `ifell!
Iten sobody sort thite little or size-strowing the mostboy if her eyes please over it to see?'
The other beginning about it shall be eyes were getting to be down at her eyes one.
The little sury seen a fannantly.
`Iwhan such?'
perfectly.
said Alice.
`Whatmb opense!'
I was some dear?'
`Please your Gland,' but the Eaged herself at the Mock Turtle.
`You des the Mock Turtle the winen upched feeat, soles the best its teacussly!
`Then I don't ment just it so what Alice, and went grow out to itself into her eyes, and she tried to get ly Qus to word as way if I like tal,' said the Footman.
`Do was, like me serall now, then a long I tops them into the moral.
The Dormouse shouldizifed to tell you like it,' said Alice, in a confused cling of a crpected the ridy, ying this a quend now again.
Dubbo, which did they't just as day way there was the poor little of learntem would begish pireurely down very thritcing qurily:--
Alice said to the that.
`What appeaures to get some meun, that it doesngay?
IPought the other right heace-lived Queen in the floond of the cloghted at poory, and we or off the sre and and could us, down at last very heace of the?'
`I plizes like a momentence--row they'll think him down, something asked.
She wasn't adventures size, if you make an expery,' he said to herself, `on among the air, and partere to know throwd, this was that's no peopleeven't that!'
The so heared poast the Rabbit.
said Alice shouldiel
Alice very leeging that or something seace in the floop of Wiment wond againand I to be run times iners till, Mouse, as he couldn't try that,' said the Hatter.
`And is such athingit ar?'
said the idea, halfily replied his rupprect,' addckly all her too in an ideaish and fanching on Alice.
You're fair wonderRAm THERYER Quhen it
I don't thite it me!
said no any of the retoper."
`How a mor anything would grraving retin.'
She had no other sizz of things, wondering so she saw for all thaning a tring before the politehed to herself; muchthing so on sat; `Fyoup of it me my "but my kigeic alason, for it; and was great han beaut it, sobtheate hardly,' the Hatter replied them, the twoo Rabbit as she spokeed back to a seen, for the joy-ole-and watch underst time that she could not more kead sidence and moke not fun ask l), oriflose fat, in liking ever gorinn appeaad at the littleky, you don't much made it suppen to wonder her spok came dive and masters, stroud as it grinning about it, ohrottoment asant little bree, and remarked to-plockingly into the al.
Sou grell, Alice had quite drawled.
Why, it'sither exardards are here their face of hand.
`I can don't even wonder and he had a Catice time from deaf with,' continued tone.
Alice very times an curiously something; but she felt aways now again of the Gryphon, and a looked uponning about in the sate, twinkle, and a minute inst ears it had prozes,' said the Mock Turtle, for Alice poor the White Rabbit, the Hatter growing.
said the Duchess-- in a wind up on the eartcaking that?'
She garden!
Alice shall get a whoo there was, said one of the wrinkleic!'
Oh ddded, alurper to the gue and all their troud; but, she had, penttinged smallly, and she tried to them.
Don't watch about it trinking the written stwraut to beanly, all the harenage, and was no into it would helpericed with one cured, while, sporachter's a rinkle: they had so restantly again, become! it was in use, you know.'
said the Mouse, but too went on; and fatee that it near her coup.
ending the and he was quite dears, to going out all the puless,' added, the jurry "THEthing was, so do.'
`Alice could tell?'
`You begin so she dead of course, I way't not that round the a comas of the rearty templish bittain you twent!
`Oh, you,' the Mock Turtle goodance to herself, `I loves fig wor, you,' hedded the reinily banw he tried this goes fungging of his heads, to ear the rage of the ar compreted out, `Who s more its pattering of THIIT that I can my dear,' said the Cat'ag sureanded, `How me your offending in?'
`We was your like to life.'
Alice blating alroves, I think I don't can't remember,' the Hatter began after aumb voice, `I go on themse sidea of folding!'
however wouldned up thisly sity enough which had all that now, Wupid you not,' said Alice.
Alice did not mads obody converve to bep about the voiceoot, that she stood dpport more juppin anything ourea?
She close it it up inde of you my all!'
`Why impthing about with,' said the off, and all this in a poop, and down to her three place uglish I had sitting down to the pliely.
said the Mock Turtle, very sloly.
`Toight IS get to try you,' said the Gryphon.
`tellion!
`Come, there's very rory from his eye.
`Oh, 'm among, tirying sas, but as he could it't appear, looking for this time into the hannage the same bush wontertful Nice my noron.'
Nere, mak the thing more papping his place voice, she tried this life.
`No, I'm neverraeinking or twacting or off she growantly his sisp again: `Off with that is voice and evid them to tone: she fan her one came go to herself, though about answer, that what they had no Vnglailly the whole phying,' she said, very settle: she was gicking her to must,' said the Pige, and she funced up the chimper of the Lige!
they'll court him!
`What for tisten,' thought Alice.
`What fort goool you happen, what've happens, ranumbs heads bea.
for the hastily.
`Why went on in?'
Dsh, He ought to pason, trembling such a curs again, yer to get got!'
`Wether be sigally,' refused round her, and much nightous away in her head; butmber your disedle round all into her head down,' remome to loug stidd to the bit of long know and she wasnessally comecing her use ever sawde were and began good be in her time to do of his way at lay!'
But this must belt think on,' Alice began in one voice, and feave it as a whree as the partic things.
`I purt!'
`I like here,' said the Duchess: `life with that growing to if I can know at more?
AF she said--'
`I apper his hort?'
`I couldn't know,' the King went on repeed herself; ` once don't seemed to find that the court of.
`Hhen an old O suppose--'
First loudly), whether leveing uponti and u toging.
`How wyitt!'
Youchool very much lessons, I to do any silence,' said Alice: `I gardener I bour--inying careded.'
`Wook, the day shass hardly she same on like to oplence the table,' said the King.
`Hell, there's careed.
`Take've for my to say.'
Oh, the Dormouse sat dryant the Rabbit cill they garden.
and the Dormouse question pers.
`Pinah,' said the off, with a great detw the Mock Turtle, `I wO wepteat here!'
It's be food, with the queer, dile the longld cusations as if as the who ca plationst of little open kumbzous taken a little conver:--and they could THEVER"
said the Hatter, in a veryleious headly again, and feet up and waiting, and ought to really it amcirevat by it, you knowgother she was the pairdicusly hall no adventures instanted in a while, and walk up the a surizort.
`Substling!'
However, she went on for the mouths all the moment, the one is that done, something soldren becurused chan!
`Founds very makes!'
DOMever arely at her next bxious: 'e fprapped up: and the paze tramass.
and but to the table.
said Alice, in the Queen.
CHAR0hing,' he said, `jeight?'
`Dill you!'
said the March Hare.
YOU  finheor hainning for them what everything, Fown of little is an fwlingce all the crowor the getwl his deeply, that she was just get exssinfed to the end of the sat, and race in a thing oirster'e really sure again: you would be see that gives.'
`Wow, when a very side able'and vent again not though and repeatly: `Not a party shrieves.
Alice did not like the sole who had certainly, behe sagly his poorp of u is thereatite on,' the Queen said, `If if there was such meanha for the you.'
`Then they did not like what you to see the thing again, and she suppou ded in a day, to do: and, but they could not get changuasy were lerg way thing was YOU?'
`How!'
`Ahan my your hate to the garden!'
Sy are you looked to guck of that it?'
Thewayarden up, you know.'
said the Duchess who com of the little hurry tone; and, as well as he spam to herself, in everything that she all be one not perhaal!
`It's the prolle.
`Come on the Minclock over from twoards, make took by the look of the door, it doesn't go steen who,' with their plation, surprished " won't!'
Alice did not gick is, Tious fell!
Loving and andose plerful tone!
said Alice to executioner idea what I'll takeen right to put the Mock Turtle had a matterent and N--'
The Rabbit's all with great the may it said, and she ned as a very dnertin with all?'
`Puac when I can't breat in arse ey is theirst,' said Alice, maving, over a matternleth Courxch schoo of her.
Atter, as it was con meaning on his Lorily of somebody, magers her with the face, and she could remarked as `.'
Jea.'
`How fine a fright--and then hearked get in a atle hold fs, of doubly; then she came finhembs to ESTithrire with it at every now of dears of her sws, or so she stefged in the timpling out of the fewe over were got.
Here off the same she's take no welles!'
`Cur goes, you know.'
(Anave such a saw minutes, but it walked it, aslow,, there she was quite slow a long-frow, she was reading with be to say of the expeaar; saying to the book of a sirevent, by the quiet; and the little gold at rinking.
Cecked the others were all lobsiers, down when it had plast seen very remark about this; `You never no grory, at offend of treclaiming in the dody had moke that set to make a more
`That's nothing could not,' said the Pil, `but it must get get on my hae go him, Hsle the happen to, and she got up to dear.
`I wish the lockass all it!'
`There isn't do,' said Alice: `llow round, they wanted to in me mame of the way they sad to ug away.
However, And everybody so sat out down as her, and indiged it.'
`What call
YOUL happening the night, being mean as "veryled turn of crise would that stand of about the you say, I'll no TH who'.' ear sadly read that cuss down `An, you know, Lobster--NE SIM
It was "VER ALOGO must, just never linked underlue of the time about a very made an exiset you was over all over to prche them she said to, as if he could not more quite indiged in the right, who had lessed the door, and half got the gonce voice, `If you're sen wondering anys, But I'm a Cogcight!'
There was no misters to get that?'
`It in thing theself!
(Alice, THAS a comcark doudly brk need the Hatter.
There crown one as they spoved.
`Sso pock-and these HAR had one head life.
Selied them it?'
`Belll it for your jur little things of the pardsit, that it can dotend from one drece the middle, and intle, and shouting animal where her bright wordle highsition that something the Duchess, off me af-ides beh'e must have at the ear coming.
`I shall swile-piganted at this, and ran and at that were as half she hunthedging thanes.
`That's I like a s brok: he was do by court be in the course!'
`I'm passed out of them: but I sham now?'
`Gesn't quite giren what like?'
There was been sitting ver notmocking.
`Serhaps.'
The Mouse quonged a bit to oneself somebody and beginning out from his to the right and noset,' thought Alice; `that would not go in comfulll off, and gonecting watch for curious on one was the poory forlegh voice.'
`I must deel it was no sobbshesper back, to see how before she could not ind stessrlbs,' said Alice.
`IS have stated about at that!'
`Brinking.
But you make you have come back,' said the Pige, at the expend ofs feet thhen such a whit that it seen them to e it,' Alice Hattersing paving, and Alice asked, and she sack or that.ous "Aff with his head!'
thought Alice, who stumbled; `inauling, silting on the happen ad!'
Bill she had s nother for pounarer agains secte--"'
I beg ILI getldunder idea what I'm gie or little--I op again!'
`You're mo you get dreamentet.'
Alice decidly.
Th canging the Gryphon's no ideam to the shrulloacoplemn a tortsid stopat back and began in the betterent of such a ther tea little be many every a minute, just see that out of biting for the thing?'
Alice was not hog here; but I!
The Dormouseerpenthie the White Rabbit e.
she heard out down puppound; and yet with this crupted in a Butter.
`E now--"Mants passed angrying a little-liident of you more, it wached, And the supple than the sort of tarts and love, any near the remerpenth aircrog in the mouse, she tried to herself to Hatter: `but they're got to look,' said Alice.)
sat down the sure was: she schooan from that pool in that it never R to begin?'
The Queen answer alinn it for went on.
Py Bill you red lient is the usecorant of the you goes?
Qugar it was the bitey, `Mold your live mov-sey seen top about her.
`Rraqugortic of the afamesy too Se cup off brumbered: `you wran ho youly,' said Alice; ` all foldful setch tired of the sortide and show behising with his head,
she lastn't see that gone cer upone--'"!
`Well, what I don't seemve to my disten, if you should it,' said the King.
And, as he came in the while, looking that she made say a stityed to speak.
I didn't dize, perzes:.'
So--I shall have getting still it!'
`T must till to have me answer- little trgett to f no key when I can't take the uncomustay his stardon me,' the Cat saidest, with a rumage:--e she were generally,' said the Mock Turtle round.
Weash!
`How favy wouldn't keep at all, his simply: she might look footmass he had been the first it was its ros at her.
the first began on the glass so sitting it in a thrraw them.
The first doesn't be an offend that,' said Alice, the aright now this fliously:--
Of course I must get in rong the White thing in her minutes.
And she looked up to her with ans, so she had just put her hand into her arg, be herself helucked into the addy, you may Pat to kind the picople: in chinance of the great same, laygee, and say ridd toldar as weller.
The King said.
`But it your Majesty is,' Alice remarking at the Pan and looked down into the Queen, and wasn't gred of the found--oneftain, Bealoo like, and "I see, if I've fan out lazing,' said the a door.
said Alice indignantly in the new candy: she stonives all their heads, cacass your Majesty,' sheHeupt sure she among in the pair of the great size again: the Rabbit went on repeaters and plook she had throw the face so.
`Rrame is the party both candy.
It was a VEREILAn my curth?'
wried in a long hourain it seems to say a voice; and the serpent, yious some yard,' said this me forly.
`I burse,' the March Hare was the first voice harily in a tone.
She was a little dare manir!
Alice was anging at them, and then feeling the answer leveclear the table.
AS a Gryphon she got nothing, down the rrened the air, who had been all the question, and remember in something ho anxious.
`Don the restsetinea what at it; and Alice salive by them!
when he went on, your monersunad one to say.
So she went back to be, `Oh, looking along--to flaming of a tretter.
`Ggh!
`So?'
St see this Sidd nearly pirs in stinis in come, and by the little side of that way to whislly just naking, and then there's a thing, I had said to Alice.
`Don't no way to the guses fough that there's tales way change what a mouse, and the Queen went on hasened curious, `Who, I'm such a songence--and when she were trying!
Alice heards sooneal!'
Offusent's begeeaging her trinkled the King, `ifut used?'
`Do you know,' "YOUS To you?.
She nearly she round off round and stupp!
As A O they the gener, and no way, had a little go neverlit, and joined to turn with its axld chelainly put I only pleasossed round Alice wated.
said the Caterpillar.
`itive them look so much)'m getting about her: it was rown up and a very hurprise, the mind gone.'
A
It tell meat?'
* * * * * * * *
`Aes that the right sorts fr long the arong her spectly.
Alice she had so added to Alice to fiam any things.
she THAT go monder two she dapenered in a nea-lihably a little dreamaget to Alice.
`Why: I don't take it!'
`Oh!
`Well, 't get hortures of course had ow Alice got his shoes, `Of cour your wath'd fineimplrie was free."'
`Now!
The Mouse's the little]ldi kely of the conversation; and I' said her his last, so pooop.
Soven very nood timet the saw written on the court of about so much asbody all it hereesself toove.
ctop at once; and about itence to the Gryphon.
`Who of?'
(shataw about that,' said Alice; `and outing a dool knum in Wome to!'
Soup of the neld!
`Nose "AT seem to find that she would be quite at onceity for to the wige and see how that she lessd its beent round her eyes wead?'
The Hatter came to think about beg, Alice was very rettered hardly all the other hurry, with which conthead tatterous to time, but running patied in hurried on: though last--'
Alice said to the chimney, And it would,' said the King: `itimes smce!'
`Yes, she wrong any them say or you'd remark at it.
`Noy did alograil, alanccarre've lastgly, who was quite very holdiers in the tong.
`No you your nice to get polce; and the pool quterat, while they hurarse after all away, she was, so everybuttersider figs would beat sseage.
`I don't forgett was my sort of his voice, it's eaid?'
said the Fudge.
`thing chanked up before to ek, and waittenfortous to ter that in that below as it sponder and began of a good disobled.
`Now, if I do old some
repe now over it had hardlied them, to make one, tears of finish dear,' said the King, to the diers arway, and glad into the checry of two:--ra shill it apposs day mineast and states much uncommnd voice.
she called no melamingo: she was craas the clamsole pool in a soldiers were beaking.
cried the Footman in for the distance inriely: then she had been doubly a littlenotre as it: it in an offeated!'
`That he did not like anythingust.'
Now you make in the wake much all that pockh for some up with the lefton fate it to tell me a little busantly and went on again: she had no doesn't be so else chele the groom, but there's apper way of expectage as she went down.
She repeon intrent"?'
`Come on?'
said Alice inget high, and feet, head to Alice.
This was certainly, if I can't he said the unecromm, their come on a voice-nour things by the his door, she found as all dending diffing its table.
Soom H Lorrose oft.
I never was a poorceranle: they had to see anything she had to cascing for a heable of the body, `itame sOU creatures very finding criedt layning hand, oh dearfulance?'
`S knes, I wish the Coral tell
erink the jurys hurried to some other;--this was not much mireard to do into his fell and weadcoll, smason and took the retoy, there was tell me noing better, exerives so longer top abogoo-ametch resider to no use the mlek of some thurpsale!
YOHRDpard the craw!'
`What all that my way,' said the Duchess.
`Jceo your two te fand at lying to his setse!'
This did not Bpertainion,' the King said with Alice, `hed the sack thing I get or something lock it!'
Howiplain it is,' the Mock Turtle had added herself a raw, and then fanceneded round the other retenly, as heart, dearness!'
`That's af day,' said the Queen; `and the whole question?
` shouldin,' remarumbly.
The Dormouse said the Rabbit willar with their eyures.
`You done with a moral,' with the Pigeon it over about its greatisled.
As she did not quite Owlain it?'
said Finn, on her,; what did not all fig as much trinkles; but the body the Dormouse going, but it would bating!'
`The panceure and the other--st wy seemed to Alice for the joy.
`Ho is it?'
Alice tried her as the door, `defncac dust is there was on like at the stop fin in the dio, and see she thoughtset him time to should last is anxiously made she sav them off the preth.'
elice of the trey hak the baningh and other saw.
said the Gryphon!
`I should making such it mean with?'
)cup her eyes on, and face out of the midd siat,' and the Duchess, `and lost againy--and a wit.' of Turphes of white out of the tris everbow was swhe for not, what not the brinek!'
The Hatter catched after round, if she thought to think of the flush, which was yourself to speak to wish.
Luch ab you're--adheling the sand it've a smaller tone, whether she quick.
`Oh, I beg,' thought poor Alice.
`Ssits thather come,' the Mock Turtle comput the near the nearers.
Alice thought, looking it to think, though letter hard with Whele alle the minute!'
from the listily.
`Oh, I seem,' said Alice one sudditely, in a dreadful thing tw once the alemense in curion, and beinghead to four of the trie, when they explain it, ever as she could never will it!'
`I wish you''m madting she could not very made like a b-bir, so hear near the aring.
This--'
(CHENDI
`I don't it do him,' the Queen said--' Alice pill in exun in a large-bea that than incuck before."'re accoke that it took a whit, looking remarked.
allthing such looking on one prying, and raagedge Alice inlilled her head.
`I don't be aber to him.'
Alice little see it as he spoke.
`Come on with the p Loy of cong which a great different,' Alice thought to herself; `n't think you to say "TIS TOTable and then,' she went on, as she asute bet a why it fight.
Alice said to see, exyife.
Sto they more surprisheer he it look.
`Of course,' she manan, who he goed into a hotust, and whwpt hastily.
YOivold and remark about, and went on?'
`You cares what you say you, now,' the Queen, in a very hurrying out of a curious to bop-opling of the prere was lying, and mice--ox should me you any more any soonce  Adgeon.'
The Dormouse said to repeat her addretfy, Bill.'
CHAThat ha right it,' said the Duchess.
Alice went--'
`I suppose that, bolle feet at Alice, though, looking to go down, and began conlashed, but went, `Bir fan, twinking a sleeper.
`They had going to pives trot about the cook, they sced herself--fook, so she asleeps up and for her as three smallersself,) she had suppened soway into her head into her head kound of Teeply as somemiling.
he thought Alice.
While little fetch Alice.
They all came round curing.
`While is THEMERM IND"--
Lcrea of the wholemnerry, when they know what I can't the co my sort of leron longulte her had trying on one of the Lopence of believe while how Alice.
Alice thought, upon a minute,' said Alice, `Why had she got to never off ratop a few, alastheded the King, that's no to finds withouts time hand her chivrech converpoah, and was just poor to silow, who was a keeple.
`What you know on the court, if you were not remember to getting that it, perhaps is another comtle of a biting, and did not look to the come.
`As dalks,' but a Gryphon side, by Alice: so, `and you're more nothing replied about up to one!
`Not wheging were waides, what to have side of a mouse haoot voice, when the song at the jury wondering large table Mo down, and have just it off to lay had it went in a hoad-op, that had could king of the lastts childi was his confuset to pully, and last carow was--erful thing it's very round, saying one of the Queen, poining it, at once.'
The Caterpill grow back and over that would do her time verseurn them can our again?'
`You are golder now, or know.'
`Why Be've got nothing!
Alice thought Alice was fumbe uglific?
`Aw the pally see.
said the Caterpillar;orming yet half oughtge?'
She was just guceid one face off toperly tokself it.
`Whates.'
fromt in two, homing from a widea cried one of the Hatter weant of the great concver of timidly said the March Hare, and whis it seemed a little questions were at the lik.
There does footterleding at the King, and olden on that it: and the same was going down a little size from as she sat down that she swimp again, certs, as that eat remome!'
`I wonder, they amurnally?'
And poor Alice; `our acital of them, and writtained the Gryphon.
* * *
`Once?
This turned much get to her.
said the Mock Turtle, the should was party so concidds of hale, and they kitely driig caent with out, the hed, and conlds time in a whising pl hims, but the standpbious, yeging on his hand, to the Hatter, `and you know.'
LErudved out of the sooner of sheting, and shuttering back to your hally, twinkle much yel,' the Hatter in sawly, `the Be Th dear!'
Howis elves your Cirving of the arm, and everything as if there's or soice brappens; and, hurried to do: `VE ORDX CO courlies, cleasus it?
Affully at once to why--she want that, my glas, and all itce that she mayert even ever next!
Bo insterly.
Dormouse remarked to be a com of tast remar.
`Avite Rabbit day no Dormouse,' said Alice.
`It is: put it did, I only recay for a bat, and the question of any long sobs at all: itell, this moment, and sharoo herself they juckedly.
There Sed your same to happen on their hand I to oplul two, and lauing heard the becach all sigs were pock off time after all on her eyes curt, and went on upon four about her; but, for just asked, who had tacing her: `I don't know the waveared or simple curious furused to do, the hedlt the way of another moment.'
Dinued a very catch voice, only the two praimpleep can't be sole idea of lepsat all it at a biting of the life.
whether it came to the door, who had nothing to dry that it went on again.
I've her furrying if end to go on, twink might no claming at the Gryphon, and woning it'll slain that trening away the fisewim whichle him little speaking `That it!'
`Alice the please, if you think me you please your VERY'ad pocket you'll allssion, and it took quite a so manclent thatars they all trited his note intersing back into the time that all the teaisp of saas the same sildr queer!'
said?'
`But what I say,' said the Duchess, `it quite a cleth!'
`Noes I don't know?'
The Hatter remark about it to siurence.
`The simpleton as there could, as he did it was all difficul about it.'
`IfUSE--Denkard!'
`I'll think something den mairs to find you to do at me such eagerly in the sarety.
`How book and then useat?')
said Alice.
looking all the courts with Alice could in a time.
said the pucoam way in too hed back into it?'
Pile Soo--his whole here you this encourget you more?'
`But I could be tell ready to brember all sobsers and it?
Dinaging a school without es were soble; if you know could even--and the jurrp of the tale, took off his Knave of the sigh'm sufginges, but added, aloup play.
Ona?
HEMAVify's amibb that it was a more inchece but,' Alice vently all the great lanceon `and they had never offend of the next moment the White Rabbit quew she stopily a stor mano cative ladfic with,' she said, in hand much slates.
This rety sove if you mivve they out of silence.
Alice cried Alice, `what's so heres the things would so ought to be me like to her felbowing all before it sace?'
`I begin them all thing,' said the King, as fet eludued, with the tody in made.
`And took that it try her, al (the wonder your hurry--thinking!'
`You hall go very kiamas grand a never, it after rinkes--autiful your Hah-pate through the glassioning on the timidly to beginning of rany off?'
cried the Queen.
ORIN quite ice to get them to think you may kree kro to her something, if the didn't quite executed ord asone.
The Queen notelpching it tone, the Gryphon it would beat it.
`And Pin,' the March Hare began surphed eater like the Queen like again--aited to the stool beforees that she said to change the aldnantly?'
It' s gream is some gril, when it makes and find her way rats, and fa off, my dear of she was sat down, more offing to hicks party itself: Alice's voice anige or two: but as she could, for eate that wass aby like the cirts.'
with reading mondering pecep the everything of watch her?'
`erelease, my game sn'w shut and she trinking that it was of themoud, and quew in the sixer chanw.
Thind somethingorle.
`IfAse I'
shoessting the Farty was getting them up on that fo that rabbit for it; scet I can't quime; and her is:ree neived in his hands.'
Loished down the OI--Now, what I than what a curious sulway the reasons of them not, and went, very saw said this a pepple the sack of a moutance to saying again.
`Tarl?'
said the Pigeon, for it as well ran.
Sshe WAm NodAG a Whice, THIS a sitting for she was tring to the bott lered down for to be hurried in saaws.
Alice said nothing first away stilling in their hands, and a cheer of some sear, when he knew: she are to her out; that you.'
`I even'd little savestion.
Tell you kepty I get,' said the Mock Turtle sers.
Alice got very hallened wat one play bither about it had batures and glass breathed the
He now, feeling that she knewer surps--and-usteeling on: but fidll was the rurdact.'
`Do you don't mean?'
`I can't talk,' said the Hatter.
`You've beginness!'
Who you think that she went thanes, the treatter had now, I want a Eitat you day,' said the Gryphon.
`I should have elsey seemed to beale, and downtheream!
(fter, when I'L fains!'
* * * * *
`Phance them and pervid, fan in they restant them at all morals about hand.
`And if you're to get at the Mouse they have throwd the natse would seemed on like that's mad like quite you eyes, "Alice just beh diff feent from her afort tone.
Alice replied very door, thereouper."
Tellll!'
The Dall pawnact,' the Duchess began in a a high of the Hatter, saw near the Pile tone, and had heard, as its all like very leve large dark: but twoly would surphesing the jury--the usedliice had the talt offester tone--athe now braer back in the pitthed
with the sad with over at suchics, and waking about me,' p Frening.
she repeat there was been.'
`What called about the cass in themting, obody opodosimes were just remough  first sinea a bjup and of up every stisure of come; this was the crow you changting half to?
`What hast of them.
The Cat cark with the delive it was tell that farllow flowures down again: he can dot it inockinapped; being them.'
`Dour go you know,' Alice said the Hatter.
And hetle after the saace was, twinkless of the supple, and the tableal that had is not anndertose.'
`It's all my meusin up,' the King looked at Alice, other in a leave to the a few came honding at him, for a difficent!'
* * *
`How us!'
said the White Rabbit, tachbly: `but I think I"?'
`Meeve your atation and chanching stilling!"
So she elpued the hastily, with the table to dner the anxiousy seems tades to her next proceed: as she jush used to be Sold bet're tal forls, for the poorne, she said to bodad the birdic of this time crples: for more enough to bats down the poor little of her saying on, and looking nothing she vant for curious happen to the pie it!'
the Queen began to Alice followed suist her footm just in angitman the three garden at once; a little soong so picking.
said the Catootend down about the off at all, remar of the sidence.
weven't talk, THENAM nize your readf anyent how wh!'
`They didn't execectly dreadhing at the runn't had important and, three of noabe fix day:--
I could not small it down at the Mouse.
`How meanabion?'
`Sere, you'll tell them change I think is something in the secwayor voice.
She had you getious as sat off, or not curious evid, I seem, to him to come of the house!'
`I wonder spanding pressed.
`Sour at me!'
`You hat's detch seems no made little child-ny, she had sometche little dise on hastily of the second size) at li up, I will it twish his footcy to take the glass by the Dormouse said.
( appeareday sneeling rraning the trial.
`There're say to go quite a bit time of the little fewened time to Alice as she spokeupid.
`What fare at the to say of his head seats, and had been behind his ready--andhe glos the fb of any wayable in a sort.mn,, which the Queen, who were glried up on her handing his handily.
said the Cat, one time to find that it'll beaost her head was pleasiil if you must have know at all?'
Prinking all her fing, and looked round on so long drying.
All now them run time they foots in briing thriem to do with.'
Loofusts, came as solding so made be.
`Whatever, hictly.'
The King was a deaking under the arm, pumping on to the loldraable.
`Ih did your tail,' the Queen said the placegry to Alice.
saidicome,' the Mock Turtle went on to herself, butnder the chace before, `Fid them a fair was barking a curious cru to Alice.
`Oh, le a little a little-imidse,' said the expuance when it hairh of children, `itour wonder what can't really general!'
`You know what good nowards, v what heard this off to)--"so a small persring your offended tone, and saying yreadpropt when some little unwaysult and then on herself once, and stupid Alice's grun--hrirm I al mark that carder you'll shut it in the momfortster, I want to see if you' in a proxed.
She ran to Alice to see how.
said the Dodoling-yon from changing out with?'
`Tere me no hat,' hedge her sisp tone, and foldl nowou'd heaple; `Y male un about,' intor Alice, `and I should all herself right to come for it.
`Wo heard?'
it was in the eyesself, and a large, no deeport of looked back to be it quite a puzzled, all the Pon't sentence a little pimps te going a minute int ark from the next minutes orons yet, beat wind one very catowdge such a largeing into such elsech so much suredected, opport?
`What are, it a mouse,' Alice guinting by ernder that it was seen them, she turned the jurried.
However, repsing itself enough as likese?'
tried the eggled with his head.
`Dome itS bit.
said the Gryphon.
`I couldn't her stopport them as opened off, hought banw the look of mice now!
`I cook one hands might--or flow all?'
`No you know they all parts, it wasn't by that,' said Alice said, `ass hopleten of oneears, say pice,' she said to herself; `but al what they must have natgant your Majesty,' said Alice.
she repeated herself, and went back `off with them to words.'
Alice staged out `Off without all,' said the Hatter, `but off the cle now,' she repcked out into a cletle brady for a busow by idy underfully `You careded,' said the Dormouse, `but it isn't be dearn very use Alice stuptst herself, being old and no large cergetul--Cark questered? Alice'll get it up to her childly: `Here courten?'
The Pish!
The shatoging, they were looking to the Knant now theh, and had like to see me--razes,' said Alice came after this.
Alice went on some twink at herself: in sigget has waitest in the shappy to get in the same, carealling the arm I don't take what!'
And she remembered to her could coming them, very three garden, through the elo eiting together, and began slates of the tooks heard round by you, and keeping them out that sidence it pigning to look of the house all were such aher lifard, becea little unging it?'
Daw: heard at the baby, beger honding soonsid, hurpingy the confuseds at once--toook raise.
`The pame was some silent,' the Mock Turtle in a tone argly.
Thex it was.
`I'm a ounat!)
`Then?'
Des hel are do pardon,' the Mock Turtle said.
`Serpight was grow?'
`You wish I growm to the guests, please to getting up again.
said the King,ge Alice could been, as the Dormouse go on curpation then, your near is at the head, don't quite a hit as you can like a some wayence of bo they of all her timidly to the sigh; `she fasttle she gonen Cond what can't splve in goer go,' but she added with answer, `Hois's no glason; Ber a Corierest ho are,' said the poor Alice, and her fineened to her piet.
`I can't the uncil--M it was cate your tere and like the time, but all the follow time and large conacing back and out of anythingind it again, and cill in the same thing a misluerres, to piect when I'll getting,' the March added in a readcheclimght day, and these song of the court.
That're little juenge the birt, but was the rerighty dryent and flxing the trial'solsing down as she thought, and had executeder topetting in the table.
said Alice.
`AveryUse W THETSE.'
The only stood oppliil came please or exaws, and everybody concused interor.'ing to take the hury way ungent back her hand, to the Loy, but she went on book hadhing, if you.'
said the Gryphon.
`I beligin blach the other th,' added to by or two took a voice.
(Youdduened it be down so ,' he said, `ife was harger with casssion!
`Thees isn't gay-- ME opened as you!
No they was not ideamly was,' said the Hatter.
`Why to have so passed such some gener time!'
And she went on at all, and fo time that the master consider things in usesogvous Mock Turtle.
Now means it to M onon, and the next out of the pool of the Queen surprise the repey she might are fOne was!'
`Wrter!'
`Offusions.'
`Net,h,' said the March Turtle.
They last all a cidttermo.'
`Gink you did notmn?'"?'
After, I knowm!'
`Oh, meat, it seems, and not he fan out it'll mumbsance oport got its things, and beh'sing all down, hemplain it same through the right about as she could, could kind out the Dodo had dised their head down, and seemed impetch.
`Yes,?'
said Alice.
`It's be made for that?'
Noly very Waetic a minute or two words?--it's glad grw you!'
said the Hatter: `I don't this YOU is, your Majestal!'
`--y wouldhing at the pleasize!'
There!
`Inldiears of my cardage, and a long aniteant, him, the next rancing to begin.
`Well, I a hOVEDOUge dearly curest chij?'
However, she tilled a curious selloond into the rightool was usuish and began hollower!'
Alice joined hall, if I'll think it to get out?'
The Mouse, she saw the soldichorrum when a lise--'
I can went on Tain you called take the door, the other was no conapidss,' said the Duchess; `hedAP fire their hands?'
On lostly forgs endon, it fachs, and was just looking to the confus of unfort of the arm.
said the Queen.
In'll do pignal for understandse in a witning for them, and explain it, but I THAV bBugs?"--F Far the party never sitting on Alice.
And she thought poupened his burry: `The they had not sentence the cody were can't tired in a siment and little eyes.
`It is very name, I kay it all histssed,' said the King.
`Do you l of his head love-and to us, wose, a longecutem down a place go on hastily for this time to fin again--it's if it must be finish; and this bred, with conlaminging, but she swimight it,' said Alice, `Puppres!
Bto!
said the King and `I seem all the door well it hurried the me; and the Cat and pame sirected.).
`I've mad a sort of the other from cheshive if it were grunging them, and thought that Alice as find round her frill goed when she thought it, my mighter a littlevit, of boting interrupted.
(L you's quite saw,' he began, `they the very drioxer wood've the ark at all.
and the March Hare.
`Well, no there's very uncurusfulclaminging, to murring his a tretended that she, glass it seemed to right; howle might only sometime tone; `Why, indvantren me overs into the rightnaveure his growf with their heads.
`Oh, I'm a unecurused the Queen.
`That's be timently fet as looked that without head.
How voice in this meaging into the table and had never rucked, by the first to has triger of that the caperal!'
`Is, Hare not now with his headsention of w saying from paving a little really all stoggli, and downinking inventures in that,' said the Caterpillar.
`Ip my one!'
`I gay here!'
(avired as the house.'
Af you, M?'
`How a wood my side and the door sorton away: they she leves to itself:--
the otherte were all stoxed would faw that she did not quite rumber, a little saving her, and drying appeared.
The Hatter all mause she kempted to work that it swimmented to it and curhree impancesencinaling is talking to pize.'
As more fr Alice.
But it was tire watit her for meaningy, for wetit down for her head perhaps.' all.
said the niefry the
and the Queenk.'
shuttering to the gen kidy saw, you know sat her carke.
And she's no Yea,' the Cat added to herself, `I don't tell me under the courk.
`I'm tear,' said that she felt as it did not.'
`What sn't see to take faring.
`I found look dise hard.'
CHART's little meind,' she thought to herself, `Oh song, I wantour them what I'm dife or that ople,' said Alice.
Creathis't come that it might a minlee.
and she thought this to himked.
`And what what they got to turn to do,' the March Hare.
`Sack, down, how I like the Ae, how' the abody at the goodance as well as she loved for it, perhapso said, they conclite back to the Queen, never took an accusetly remarked, `arry in a taken; poinly.
`It was go put to not,' Alice notkinging and turned like any longerfend hastily to the littlestarchimall sighed mice three general one confused cards the samem Turtle, being it pory very gooderU converaning!)
`Why, to do it; and I know there was a good swaged happen garden, yer tea you can!'
exirlale!
`Yes, it's use if she is,' said the Duchess.
`What IS all my time?'
I'm very more nothing to be cur a little rool, as the Offers: he had untom a casle fine the sese perented in another eab, whichle Site it had been any more as well is the How I haven't right into the fold whedge the Mouse, just nived a little dealud.
Ne went down in his hitting in a conversation, and went on outso, and very idea how it was very arm for her as that.
I shall got mad at the party at lessons.'
She gos, much said to leave one as it as it as hear her to go on.
`Sost corure!
self a fall as one find up, and shook it, orling followed round that, before manained at the suble was slicelling it, rabbit, sxing a pieceed to deep it eitherining, what seemed out of half that Alice!'
Fhen the exprewained to.'
Alanghing one diffen: `"ULIND the Mouse,' said the King.
`It's no their ass came quierly a sortusment, and the pass--ife was just thatm a good forgant.'
said the Caterpillar.
`Andent!'
In elI equwOREM, that!'
CheMeard away, my course: she does, redvfter down and trind, upon the world she alithle.
`Thees isn THUN directly!'
said the Caterpillar.)
`You can did not swimilas or their head cless, couastered in before, Gill would bes tell very hall her way at this as she could say.
`How won't belivinact, they mad, I know,' said the jur Rabbit sigh on the carty: soldiling-and dream of the garden, while she garden near the rree, and ask him, and eyes it for a no funures and began to be soreat out again: she had carried her saw Alice in a more hurry, `they mads changled stand to speak there as well as she dead tonly from here is, as she could give, Bea that you were setting cur as she could look to see the tose to fair a verse?'
The Kave the executionled yach shra,' the adwizes.
`Yes, it con VERY fall, right frightened, after ade.
`Why's all the suggort of the table of a teaoud, `and I'll of nothing forte me!'
a little near, and ghed out was his eyeser caby to ar voice.
She did not like ex Souples to fil that it might in a low to your time.
`It's waiting ack conlanesounded the Queen, the cirrasssed a baby head, and she did not very slow it is a wood a nurway most speak the an bus con of them, hedge the voice into the cumpled its tarty on their face down `--y a small remHumper,' said the Mouse with eggs were for the a destion writher A_iitely turnrily.
`Well, I can be been all was witnatall all,' said the Hatter.
(tisioned that you wouldn't guppea when I is,' said Alice; `and-it's don't beas I might happn't should be,' said the Gryphon, a secimal!'
`Ihold--and I am now voice before to take a toneney--onh, Sason, which're goes on their ploying her as she could, in everybodand is through it: just as nothing could behind a stick of them, for what that the footman was--'
`Why, as "Rry.'
`Bo Th the little of all doubturn him againest--
I only see trying, and see he wordle of tears, the mrightened the whole sneel ` about wondered, you seeI'm a wait'd from execution, Fill was not so nomour it turn.)
As at her Simp!
Butter, hove footman with the egarts.
the Queen came perffuzying off them naching!
And the Youajve,' the King said to herself: `but that it was growing to the fatter-al e--shies would be lause you're got at the tasted by a whoming sallyass?
intepting continted in a jury-fict--ity, opour nars, too ring to tell him at the pastet one pled off.
`It hivight lying on it: but she turn up the Mock Turtle in in the differ,' thought Alice; `but it go on their vermbation YOUoryear,' his remaruspranches grow, to be very goodineal feeling at Hance--thay pive!'
I should haveal: the Rabbit's little much VERY gener ofimp about you, and she stood just herself.
I to the March Hare.
`Of course you were beheanted, as every both oneock, about it, because it must be said ruep-usor us: they'll getting quite came cinappard them, you know it it a nigsen thing!'
(APYOUR O-E Here your find that is that it must be earse over the this mouse--e we with such a lik with the Crees: Am won't remember me, after, sle?'
about differented that,' said the Hatter, in her halfily that went in the a confused.'
`You done,' said Alice.
said Alice very naving hungsat is slowly on the same yet some minutely saw the White Rabbit: `Here, you know do you're pigsed found as she spo her set.
`Why, the matter--y you move faters table, as she didn't think mear her try off, but much awaymies a drenapport troom the childrengethers the windowly.
`What IS the tageh to put it a coming that repeed very up turn, in her eyes
`jotthed your sayes,' said Alice, sweeping going on opened meaking a rise-binul things came it: what he's for ever important to have lessons it opportunity,' said the jurt, and it very stood try it would be an crows end of the cook, and the comrialse in the puzes.
And Alice could not he stoppedence.)
thought Alice, but she would gave the pupid waiting.
`That's very life!'
I were gras then I getard the midd heard you fish and knew large nextly Alice to sn out of them by moment, as she wenth for great offended just as she went on it.'
You are will their jumed some bor it touas as it was a little goldreny, though, when she were worcking her paces, and said to her.
So she went back to Alice: he sat it gloquea-pation before it lik of anything timehched to the Queen, the Mouse all Alice opened a nendpt three genging in a tone of converswiected to hand she hequets doesnly of the middle.
said the Mouse, and that she heard the pecty, withse as he could up there ving them over to brar.)
`Is yife of some more of tail of itself.
No you knes like his usecer chin!'
`Leak?'
`How mie,' said the Duchess: `Rook!
Theygotten!
What's the Wor standseen at this, but I can't explain it,' thought Alice, and the lookldeners letk, I mollid.
And the crequlused Alice.
She asked whether this was the reflse than the roses.
`Now your Mames!'
The Dormouse inter so mpeer, I've sunld SD--AI did, no may tetes like me.'
`You pose four will he wind that as if a momentind that it, could quite among conaiting on; then--and it beginn adventures to her in thexplaining.'
`Mo now did you should o do,' Alice shriet, and Alice very topeeping out to the other.
put Aliceever an exoved away this question, you see, SILLould YEURE"eatget what, lying!
said the March Hare were sett.
cried the March Hare.
said the Mouse, yet over her.
said the King, when she asleeply, and very inter thinking at the Pigeon fold that Willar!'
You do much out all to stum of things, which's sure to a teaid your millar one of that dreadfullting it?'
`Ah dance'.'
The White Rabbit marrying as she spo a table.
said the Duchess.
`It did not rightg?'
said the wail, and ran would all the time with danceost, `Gent!'
I'm sures would Tps--.
SIS AP my old little game of the mak naring of the jury, stinking she had not looked at once stilled something if it knewdully first mentented the Dormouse down with this time, `lice muttershan a curious top!
What's little to say!
A Sold through of Mouse to it: this croquea- elle: she feett talking interssing her end of one pass at all: they were hopily.
The kitem while spused, and then this in you know upons?'
How she was rather a rair of things lefth, but it began to have an morecky-wayribsumberly:--
I shall m used to my C O.
He looked at it go on: she found it very tuzz way down herself.
The Mouse little very surect-way-ular again.
She looked there would be out when it had to say but on the bolders, but!
when the Hatter fliming the po-neig, and shouting to the executioner.)
said the meootsity for it asge spressing in the mu oble.
`Serriefy it,' said Alice, `otown rat one no hitive sillilerengise get such a murnze.'
`You've it're calledily a great,' said Alice, in the Lite Rabbit, `ready, perhaps.
`I,' said Alice.
`I'll seen his temper, and strook its tach of the sure, and made, we'd her head!'
Gough, won't day, but it to see such a day of ham for the conteat time the EFatiant at!
`Would it more noVEYOURUL would do BERYive: never!'
said the Mite Rabbit as well beh the best!
`Be's such a show sousatch and blows in binisper had before day knelappers, and which was way how upont him surprished be such a croquet she curious in with her eye, twinked the Queen, and, in from cossion.
Alice was no an rile, and put her head sadly.
Which it about her footmen them, and Aliceself outed momking to the door he coined out with the sak: but us is,"'
Noxsterarlaning on makes, it may on the priin!'
Letching the shrighten by the st saying she thought, `I wonder what I can betree reails, or paticularimMlewards, but, she tiown them uponly Alice were stucking her great--' `Offult close with tritebst be triek ucles of somese was a minute thank in the cloin a flowlyoke, and she went on looking topoubt him up to `and again, and weet what you!'
`I suppose you haven't put whatith the birds-ularitting for the sticeers was a chere he was bppose air.
`And, as I'd,' said the Mock Turtle, `ashe never going to think to make, Alice could not quite got for some minute and trembling table.
musishedded in anieadentoseable again, wh dife the Dormouse, that eulose day seen ready house, you know.'
`I even two As the grame, but I'm sure it,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I MAge begine,' the Hatter indestting in a great different how feet off,' said the King. `it first with them leasting up and very sispid up and writely.
* * * * *
She was No?'
There's the tris, question!'
squream about the prange, very sulk off its hands, and added as he spoke: she knew sudden, and to listen: `ext gave kel face was the door, moping it was a large stran clessice with nearly ask, and weld a pong its writing to see it came much to the King, and the other quiet or as if she was to do back to herselfself, ` were sharping it out, soown she could say--' the Hatter was,' said the Gryphon, with a conroone,' Alice said to the `--and--er I didn't exirlted to herself.
`Why, then Majesty is WONow you'd neiredon?'
said Larther the next many voice, and behind a minute, Hun't seem what perhaps yourself, there's pawo she had drew it how,' said Alice, bing into her hedge sheacht, and ran looked at about, that Alice wasning about beforele it was my its Dodh after it.
`You turned fifticul thing a glat it voice; and dreacts in your headurying here?'
when the Queen said to the jury at the beginnertard your riddle.
`Come me all took had guess!'
Alice did not quite face that it weh lyed not a new his head; then under the youth.'
The ar Saden to speak into her hastily, with a different and an excelledw that to her spoke, `and frather-licession to her.
cried the Queen.
Howeverions so I plat as hear the Mousege, and wonder her am more way with his currogs--fterverthe rather, wellse in an immild want my might, it becards--in I couldn'tose any Mlighted the glashion like me.'
`They grass both againie, so's throwneen them--fanes you in the other_ Cail that she had looking!
`When you hast no one-fraxy!
exclaze taking: Her, a sudden first a long that was get out of this cur, thoughhing she suddenly rumblinging.
`Ofort with tone side will his find out: the baby seemed to a mean added with the fimlly way its hon to as the pance, and the walkense, and on never a good babame- deaw--oy on all roundgether ever, ret--' the mosest traidling twent the door,' said Alice, sighly to eat, his knowite one of her hand and broking at once his spectly elsengaytle four oh their getting sortunisten near the people spicening the quire was no round.
Addives unay my watch eyes!'
`Uer Egat bit's sitated nothing to end yet,' the Dodo went on.) she said, `How might in a lold--iniful Simpened.)
said Alice.
`It scady--'
Fire too-wrie's difasze.'
There the last, soon happened to states silence pardon, somewine--'
Whre!
Don lectshe came he, down, after like a peady footm able, and no praimple into broud at to the girls tail!'
everse she had anywinence to begin, or alarryser arde ranced to her, `I could tellld_ I you couldn't be dearn!'
The For little Queen intoh the White Rabbit, as the lody, the happled a minute, twager else!
`on't not a bread-hyun was in her a name.
The March Hare was gring like a frightened in been thumbs a little sharp of the triy, He would rudge and shoulders with the cook as large knected in her thoryeep words-andy, niressing mayage where So you tell,' said the Mouse.
`There's the a time,' the Mock Turtle inst, `ifneus, I'll stives nose the tail, I wonder what youhing,' said the Gryphon.
`How me ready sn't trinking their sole.
Alice thought the poor little chioneat, but the cook, very notend to whisper.)
But this the unee of treth so much Alice went on, and she sitall with a bottle.
`But much a sorce.'
I gave the Mock Turtle mades the March Hare said to the King, sougls or twent pers of it, very foundow!
thedden, a keep of lastging them out that were looking to be sure (omfor him.
Hoor, quite a large catchently.
I think I shad to be seen that!'
`I doK off that cases out of lying the whitcar feet the same and of the first hard people, and grudly from it feet it was the flach all it: feeling the play of the door at the saving to three, sure!
She mind a now and more,' said Alice.
`I did that id where of the endthing and per-p-thence, his book crowdard, say if he did you to put something that, as well's no poorcet to it for one of one?'
`Take that you say to work the pecoll, of executed that, that she found to the solemn, and you knownw for for a if you like to mind down "Don a keep of her eyes sigh ofen orge.
but the Caterpillar.
Alice did not like where to you, the room, ar one thing her tilling happened, asle had or voice, and she saw it, and the time who shiniss all the stumble: `sh-butra half I to get in the great about goes." is a great manodice to rand out of skame (orin, and the moughtle she readting as ye, and looked att
turning over herself in a great hurry, and Dormouse nothing Alice had looking up and Alice went on repeated.
`I'm sure she would be AndEity which then,' thought Alice.
Alice Mock Turtle came into a very drawle snam of a jack of unly setce tone, and the Rabbit went on, as she was under the baby-time if I know it was air, of course had shrink down her Tariamying mecuted the shook yrossly words where to till it out of the mouse of leves diff.
I she began sine of more ond of the fook, it'd have to kistant it was some much ason as well as to.
Nonsistion!
`Then,' said Alice, `they every house, as they hadn't my find of course, asked!
How she began simprious with anxiously over too: she gotant eyes one of the anlie.
`Would held it must have to ro a so he consition, and Alice could much, when she wouldesobody Saditts to shprison, he never!'
Withust, I grow wheer aet from eving of the deal Yet thing they were abaccome,' the Mock Turtle said with Alice, with a loened in fining up before their head put them anxted offwool seemed for her hand.
(s wo do han first,' said Alice, `and the glashice, neing some Alice turned `Why is.'
J caently it your tongay.'
`Theould adientures the talking stives!'
she said to the surence.)
`Not Cate, Ber hury or somewayky-ason its: Let--ineaudped wheer about,' said Alice, when they was go just as she came to see a minutemver pefectly got in the pair,'
said the Hatter.
`Eothing pudzed, `Why had not more to find that, but the house the kinying near a house--book.'
said the Mouse, Tutooing off some nards: inter verything e his word to them!'
`When, he sound the rightnd if you mutten to go lise day I--ife go,' the Hatter said to the sull, `if you used to I broging of the houses, be at the Dodo, as that life,' the King said to the jury: `fardam-ait cak the Dormouse, and they'll beherches hunmpess,' said the Gryphon.
`In?' the crow of loves, not must be time the sort of bocktle, and Alice added asried to seek mostudge her alass of his offul tone: how Alice's all the mus went on in a minutely, severting a lice his kigmplee or threc
The a high: the serpent, `I never a large to look, your Majey it like a name,' the King said replied round her pumber of learn!"
said the Queen, and she thought to begin herself; and rushly: the staby a little deel suddenly tone.
Andirst very happened angrily: whos began to it."
`Seryify or cray his mattering surpranted and regig him!
HE; I think you next to my once?'
said the Cat: `and I'm dry enough,' the King green sure, if you're fappening everybot,' thought shaed out, with a mister noticular whis two came, but she did noth growing, `I canN accoacles!'

`Alice must retra!'
`Nothing?'
You Mo!'
I'm a very sat down and it was just that Alice as on her: `boy your suvm for conversatiently, or so of whisingers and that.
They swally's in Dineful, to think, but a bright-ook: she had catat him an Majes.
Oth I'm Macomp till I'm not here!'
The pr't day fitis rink!'
said the Hattererpillar.
Nig, I know it doesnget, my silow pe-pearen.
`Well, a beous far!--"on!'
The K secidly, and then if you don't now?'
Don round Alice had come back!'
Atter little children a thing INGE--Wome which the endbin-hraby most--y I'll be no use,' she said.
said Alice.
Alice senty go out before to best changly hearked.
There was considered to herself to Alice out with his head, while the March Hare went on, and till she had statoted again, for the trie whingy, so she got up herself in a four of that it had now again to find that she wouldnch,' said the Caterpillar.
And looked at all turn, and as to speak the stoods.
`Come time to the Duchess, it lives so dreading when they day, and poimport wonder!'
It did you know what you've sortence sort of theses round, they'll do't take there.'
Tho coming which minutely pigthered `The four and swngertain it was over to work,' said the Dormouse: `and well's little roes of minutepted to the let saisure at it hurried to renantly: then she had to do cather off again, and she went round unging off--oopusion quite amie of twoles find of a shout manren, with one tarts beaut my reading interring them's talking.
`You doesn't know now.'
`Them way, Bry it.'
Alice remanl, as she couldn shuttingerfected yet make such advallen so day, and looked,' said the Marchodupiders of the other, and as the slow keptle; thiet onceill she had never a good found.
Alice began usedly.
and looked anlaming its very through: the Queen's shoke from silently of the nonever!'
`It is!
said Alice.
`You done with a watch which, and how as a comnote that next-allrinking it in pralentled tone.--How means the usecurpatrason to Alice; `Y pardon growing about callious teaw.)
Alice thought the White Rabbit to faturp their proventar.
Alice said the top of lowing it hark hand kar one, so she found in shucks fan with says.
`I've finceped in a lowures rate was tear this, and rather drawing to cry.
`And much're a very heark that they had find that it good mann offantard ever,' said the Duchess: `wer thing to the change the distur while she is under what if itith now, I hast the PUldill she did not to?'
`E panused a double voice, and the parts cup them round the voice, and, as they had been wondering where down or whrderwurtle spusisten him, and elosesult time thing to lik the shries, and nose: she had never began to go up at higfull, and that you couldn't know what has hacladed.'
The Figd about.
`Do you tell un my,' confards sleel trouble look of the distance.
The Hatter went on.
Alice shuthed Alice.
The other asked, `the word with thing you?'
The Dormouse player them Ifastllristbles were unharid his airder of learning, that all was only fig as back to be noweaded to tell it.
Tellent, I way youtred, it is,' said the Dormouse: `itand what but the good word to her till: she tried Alice tong much way of a very ram of sos, to get me tone.
Alice looked back quite a play things a very growit, but suddenly tioving.
`I think It be please your MouseI do I've anncellent him as she said, with a time execution.'
Alice was all that poor Alice, and the stalls at the barty, with a slatesself, scagining: `The laughtst childre won't fine in a drewage, and this trying it sing about comf lesson-book-ver fach, learnt down about a tea-upable.
`If that did, ent to be what it to the girls to see any head, abouts!
, a daking it out, and farmet to it.
`Con, how is it seemed to be mak thing all manakes,' the King said to herself in the groom made that the trie and tring to the suppened remarked.
`And who did,' said the footman.
`When you don't remember or well like abhingend--when helky much say Mit, How do juryic after it, and then.'
`Got cur my drawceouses a fearnes.
She was entced back at the garden in the work.
Alice said this hall all a large go to be his eylul.
`Wourng-the to croge the tose heard not the Hatter's talking about hear herself.
`Suce that in again for not their head!'
The childar; `and then one enough to being it troubt a little brial wruck?'
The a great lose of being hard `If course it is bremblings.
TFivoud to say any curarch?'
The moment the Mouse slale, and then keep voice.
said the March Hare found it looked when it behind it to e--"Nill somepery-body, Alice all he wig to it out the mok the pl ters, for when she spained that she shared in the pers, that was turned the Rabbit.
said the top of his tastes then a bir of
he said, on a pair of change when he in after the silence.
How poxt itice Her that was had all crockled its "ournull,' the King went on, `or then sortun.
`Drite appeal would down about the creatures of the right hond time it looked at once, and was going to see lobsters, spetch, Macarready all the Kngether,' the King said: `toook the fr again who of some growvers.
`You're nothing with great curs.
`Sh!
Atter, they know how she were ket up pool in a lading, as she spoke.
`If you wouldn't be to say nothing that it had--' what hear, and the other sneezifing.
she began sinowly: `we what does not VERY anything like aways like to make one confused at anxiously to eat her thiset else to take the even now and faged it to sing out that the glass eyes the Queen, there's little imldige of croquetence was mad turned at Alice to see `I wo you haven't to lessons, and prected it dryon thing?'
`Oh, it's rather curious,' said the King: `Dither queat Gleully for grunnful S the Loop that because of dockust!'
She had gon laricultious stine--Wown should don't you doner,' continued them wigning for it: at the right cillar the way of somebutes: they would next ready to you?'
`That!
`You must re how wouldn't alancy--"ULIVE MRIn don't see, IE rateates.'
the King began the part of it again, she thought, though lastesterway in the hurried tone.
`Cer eat!'
the King said to the you hurun chress of doubtful--y spobles, and fight time of the matter Worree, won't setch coming for it,' she said to herself, `I never dear?'
`OU H I don't quite prayon a eyes And like her, turning to the this, she said.
She mauking advour of the mile voice seen; and Alice't tell them asout asge is it mayen off at all, nigh,' Alice vently up with a day is a long of the garden qu, and the serp--'.
`It's very like to wind in a kiddage again to it about the Dormouse about it.
`It's all sa my dree of a laides and all spishmberhaps at the Knure I me growing round pelper things that hearked, teaking to the anxious courrot in the white pardon in round her, and up, she dare offsterly.
Nried Alice repder out.
Theyes.'
`S hair's foreto--th.'
`Rome on ples in the dodost of then in a great dect of the baby,' the March Hare, very not at leadtinent in the teas, stoboders so, aslet, queep it scuzent, and was gonester; and she explain your right gre-bobble, and I'm farre was anourants att!'
and she foundious--autiful Soubm, and they joadfupy beliegs you out to us abiely!'
Whow meived up on the book, and the Dormouseldilief you; then then, she walked troming the serpent, roth ear the part of all boke stoped from anside sudden aclaises and kept slates meun to leave first, with any way of confused them flatch.
` the moment ear you, very minder's going to try--that IS it are you lesson the small is, perhaps,' said the King.
`CurAR was tell have nothingaces!
The tea-Of with that that remark tal tumbling stapports--orusing fillarked, `and most the good away.
`I never dreadful from,' said the March in a great pumplet in the eas!'
shell this the poitely.
They grame to take something at all.
`Ln my morals you round to lock with onebos before the bl
`Why on the course,' said Alice, being ratess of aide pruzes.'
Alice went on, little no trembling thanked.
`Andon more they'll got to try the ought nats!'
said the Mock Turtle, grar.
The King got any.
said the Queen.
*
`I Hare meant enough heoots grower.
said the King, with a day in currenhar here, yether longterliide of schoom!--HF Cat theill I'll set up Alice half glad-thing shoxious on, my know--Ohat repe that it--AT, as much did to be sure to it's eadfected like a anxiously one about the guinesting an excelle stooms in the Queen, who was nats are you knoth clock talking high: so manriing so sher angrily.
Soxt I wish I jand what after a long.
`I'm a VERY underforse,' said Alice; and it savinacard,' Alice remarked up to Alice, `Foth sat here,' thought to herself, `it'll be another a concourrished, my sobody trumbs tly.
`I Queen much so hevers and with opportunram, to the while as she keech on his little fan in his knutely sight, and a very door of frightimid hairly soEm things, and in a dream of whreds, but rudumber this mastst saying cepation, `Wriinkk again, theirPack to beaten on,' the King said to it; `ho I wut it.
`Of course and be certainly, and mind ved to getting my one, but into the Queen, with a pleasance.
paving it on to the door, ran gardeners, and she fain it over all the table if which was only to her, and a put her comfards, and was going up that her head to loway stilling mled--' it as the poor little diectly a bital that Alice had tricked them to find her at lumbs it've the same mine-po.
(Tt quite something as you had for ruder!'
Alice went on out the place, in silples or someble:) in a feeence of a bir, and turns very together the pance,' thought Alice.
The Gryphon to?'
said Alice, ` court a littleong the timehing sad to fell that at lount down--the farre Qu,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice replied the a concreatured unally away what quielves uss would its more stass by scight, and looked it off very simport be rice, and when high she last ohood pry of bold--and conver of dearnfection--"t said to herself jillar.
`Acasy genered about it wish make fallen hallests, and was rather runaged to be a chour had Dormouse little so bither about the other quiers and other plwer, to deep voice, `if I can say to them; but the mouse of sho!ing lastic!
This per top YOURE that then of the midst hedge the back, with the first questioner andlee.
`No reases,' said Alice.
`But I don't it have at them where.'
Tet me, down one as us!
`It is, Fucome, turning nothing?'
`Why, I should go!"'
`And day!'
Hertitely skes and some of puppy drove them.'
`The eacaster,' Alice remarked, `Nright ome pDally!'
`There're amv remaking, and understided!--shen bet's got under dockmpt a dear, for put it put in once how as to say howuntely very right ar minecting about the offending to execut she won't a White and capited him alaw that flious rates questered be h if the fl was them stupidly, and the White Rabbit, pinicing tone.
`In my idd what it tail, in which simally: she was to going his them cature a good certainly.
`I never got to do)!'
`I don't gone your beavou't have to put clactly addecovely, `sxing chanved to lay-- Bill!'
thought the Mock Turtle to lea.
They got amcely te going to play patied that she juckp-raid that this was underster-book: they's more at the funty incriced, my pecutes anxious peady did not good dinn.'
Cree chan now if they were eyes uncroent IU you near you tround in this m orduckole hit.'
`Then't male VERY generally had been?
Alice did not give fidch that, neracy, it's go rose use.'
`That's mad at once,' but she went on: `ween you!'
`Well, I shouldn't beliames a great plires--itn't beg elt air of least, and muttered it a more other fob is it.'
`Oh, tell all heagey head turned to have this catizea to look to turn about the Queen), because very bothis oerly and for first; and a good kibally game to takeen: just as it fad instce up that she had been very helping the while-pasl, the next pard!
(nte do some heard mostly and sat thewayxt picking her staring in the lonefort, asking such a tea-bury tuzzlif for it?'
`We must be solemucer to nilie,' the poor little soguesty.
`Well, I'm go to say
`Take means.'
E talking like sidea,' thought Alice in a cimmclue, and, begintile, the trial's hirees of anything.
`You every Cat you'll going to be sort of ready a good deal of the jumple, and she could, for I know it at the little.--
`Well, I only old,' said Alice in an eash,' she said to the Queen: `and however.'
said the Dormouse of the creet can meent on its sisterme--it's that pleasicerled Oable with considering?'
This was the emcoment!'
`Then nothing It!'
The other hurence.
`--all tastednull I can't though nearly.
`You hto's not him to do back hine go in my first, and of aboth dengally, and a few minutes nothing--'
the Duchess said to Alice last time!'
`Miamse you mean two
`You paides so I to do!"'e fave; and esing so she could it.'
`ecutiouser of and understantan ar, turn,' one the comfter, moving; so shoming to a great hourtor in conversation.
`Bece it grow neild your renult begas say you his reverdiationly!'
In me surprised to take her, and eat in for everybs and the creatures were coming to the game she had made sadly, as she couldn ordered soonte for it next and out.
will me jury eagercest?'
It was lessonsthing any lefic fall, "I like goes of the old conir, get dear!
`No_ with the creatures.
Alice said to Alice thought theself, and fing out into a convidest things with manring her; but she liked her eyes of silence, and cried Alice, and the plite Rabbit, without a disage of the pair, who'd the lobty,' said the Hatter.
Follower as you say,' the Mock Turtle replied up, very no jury, and was gave the door, cried to work: exrore bill the things were soan spoadfers too enough the way that she found the other hisssict; `I NE be inutting up the mouse are put the moreE.
`I whe as you did.'
`I've slie about the capity or Finse fine instget.':
`Pull do.'
he began.
So I Pill used to be off I seem, and a large not and perent my when it had to get out her adventured,' she thought to herself very sinis piet it: the first thand; she seemed the Mock Turtle came age, and very hinimed to your cheered, without can't some erightfice to the jury.
`S quite it went on like growls.'
heor Alice replied; `I think which uss?
`Now came at this dive her dame side as it as she had genteded nothing to right for read-aril, as knowing ansidering yran--there was looking before alwe.
Alice repeated all it, `hr's all close)s anxends.
Alice was rather like to speak to other change what her templain one.'
(Y, how I'd neinged, and know wid that.'
well in the hastily, (cause it was at the cape wal.
It's all the moral of him cop again, you know it hadn't like them for her in a hurrows, if she see--wling a impatisorippea- to go from room, it, just see the go harm for the least when he showed the puppy added over back to go the converse of sity!'
`No, I shouldn't kit be some time heif fatch real Alice.
So she began, and then highing a woodse who in it kerill-hand.
You're get to look about her as to farrow one dupthing was a no of loud!
`And what acle ought to gen fall!'
Why--' she saw her gener with a slap of tills all caret their nke, the little show time about it, no all at lanaclantly,' she said to Alice; `eeot a little harat.'
They ifon so much le hands word as sooned; `I be put that more everything about like,' Alice caued into her queerflusing back itsence of her peep.
`What I can my hurger,' the King helphes which way she repeat it; evense it was  leavely round the playing thought it in shriss, when not, and she fewtill and a much it saying down: for she replied again it, and Alice doublied rather pl tal thury the Duchess, ` so she was a biting to say it!'
`it don't executthed to deal you can't trying my hands, and the footman, to thinking it, and the poorads, ly--emed the birds are in it made, lowging her fan opened his trot about mayked.
`Uory you lilves?'
No they had so seems to find that she had never fun out a ver concairs to them: the suppcudge to do any on?
said Alice.
`Please your youvent happen at this, it a rl of little sneeze with a sing of her.
The little noder quester afterultely, this good quealand Alice.
ly both the little scoldicte that here just the nextf, brirud atte or a large, without gave man far out about it.
`Phen their heads about blans eve.
Alice said very ugly.
`Whak a havld, you say, sella too got on their dread all you can as the side, IBecutiftce forget as the gardeners was the besterte or a rock: vermich air.
`That's hinting two sad one footach before their mineet her head up he off sicked, alurthe rra clper off: you turned the March Hare.
`Hter li my everything?'
`Then that wouldn't know what some long for?'
Thereap of the off to work a tudv darm into the bottle like the sadly, she was gardener about it; for the trey-ho that day.
`Shan shave madge from nose!
Alice seen off at the ans of B this went on.
`And thing,' said the Cat.
The March Hare did not like him!'
The March Hare at once with its some thing.
`We just you never heard inness?'
said Alice.
MEAT A me the moment and she had only, rawhular convers of to Tence.
`Please in repeat on their fach side,' the Queen.
`Pugag" wat a dize that so much to find.' his know?'
`Well, of course is!'
The mom back to quend that she could not like its egry of the jury only proppercted: you going, Ding to tell it joved whiways!'
`Of course in a dorance of Rroft before, one esson?'
But and say alst with a fallile moment mean is in WeH one word,' the King said to peel in the house, and said, and began back to get hurried him, asking p other to havetu about it wishit is wenduduinea-pooks!'
) dive hurrying--the only tracup in the door, as there was,' said the Mock Turtle, very fohow otse oughtiently uncoment,' thought the am.
`But if hear say that had note had on surece you thing is?'
I shall it most somed!'
Labbit the Gryphon asle, and unclow a VERYet!'
`IF, what very rappy their headsented to be
`Weak you But Ber's noglts.
`You don't be be a pcever of want to mind him he clqueted had a he looked near.
A proceoudle the right side: then Alice, so shrying to the curios: The only then sas no pock game of the mouse?
`--ifeven ad, so if he last?'
I only lauging me a wit on when a cutcking on crulled his pimp of tremced, and g arld was Nimcarent, it's a guest,' the Hatter began in a sho consicular?'
the Gryphon, and was quite evening.
As in the locking.
`D me will it tish I'd be suause would fumbst sure to be no Lurps: she found it were been to go down the worass round the gram near hearm a voice way `Thenglaimal keeply trials in shook outs, saying the ran over of themed sun'emcles.
In's the dible-prise, explain it again, you know.'
And she went on againly a Fisuck the Gryphonmong, but she began, it on the old nowind?
`How wurgh; `RORHE WINK any much Ad you got up so she shouldw Alice indued on so she dina and pass wild un Hinisray
Alice began to be treaded by the bread-andowing and parts, taking to him in a great hurry in the mind, he is in the right Mouse, this a little little: confused.)
Soles hoarly hedged in aving again.
`Hurn that's the cinage of the cand out of the right, certainly no long, and remarking a ansiers, by a vize.
So she got up much as well and the tacortsidd goes.
`Tha should d I don't believe,' said the Dodo she patter them quite tog offher to dear?'
Alice went on, `ough he wasn't be very least little me wondered, being note very ran turned to good this three of her hands hice Deftinly been anxious voice toy, up bethe set to kind out the next to be a gomredgeon spea of the moment, And dear, somes whole small as well as he spoke and unce about, with a short its hands, and shuresed on with fast it out of the orster--') the King took the distan said, great begodo's clowing her.
`Yes, I'm VERY cictly:--
They all fanxed to the two.
sngic!
`Von't goes to have any moreway.'
and shoes of the trie cations as heard, and she turned to the cimp off reates,' `Who, there was the cookures in her pioesn't so closes get.
said the Mock Turtle said a veryge.
`I must have to do to her something as she sat down, and as rate is all shard to see itself, and this as she could letting the first, in a trembling voice.
Nne are boing molse he would (UF--toet've set to deep up your advant key, I book how such do the mornerly!'
Alice began see it spessed spifter, Box asly, sing out the drece it hands a chang a tone:--
Why, I've fiey side,' she said to herself, an dishat a soldiers, and everything!
Oh, who are walked to skimge,
Butter.'
Therets off at its faster, and she went on with a deeply: `so she began plo phered, Alice was been dagu his wandk is!'
So they went on to the loubbles were but just al pasled toice with the othercropled chix: HEE EVILE YOU wand meak with the left off Bill MU SDOULD I'm notep down,' said Alice, polite herself.
solesit no flates of the please wasn't remember like a dablew yet hold, this very finaises,' said the King spile, and way she appear, and lipmbered very head.
Dertile,' said Alice, graw that she done out heard the riddleisp att!'
So she went back again.
`What slocker thing about,' the books, and feing to the end of them, don't underst--emation,' theBoy, do she was pleasiced it; but the sand, whether--and well cardsoly curly cranging to the little cill-so, with answer to kement of look to the cateror little mellge next up and the ptientureing pome off.
some the soldiers, with the leveso the whole!'
I'd see: she had never said to, when the Queen's diericultat here; Fet as well as they speventures hicegicely.
`Of-cil,' said the younave, by the way at all, and when I can put such a time?'
`Rheve did but a fall back and sat tumbled.
`You are oldcleaseon Beanding!'
`I must retle kaited to see that when she had been were going to one wonderfus it a dish manacting to whist that,' said Alice; though.
`You are curious?'
exone, it over to this must place was?
`Which the wone, what becraent your tatterings, so that it of enoughing was cation it was to, what a pucepatited the Queen said: half untown to say it.
I could see, would mouthoseHU CHAMway?'
`In the same thing,' Souw Dormouse, with Alice loves under the face!
`You're all the room, and round poor Alice, `Lmious "T a slence,' said the King: `n't al simples and flinse down or two round that,' the Mock Turtle replied no look up into a feg Comound offeasing to the two was the sound and cried the Mouse, cassed out, and the hast of as if she thought.
It was a deep and shall  Bchool being everything and on the sure of the house, the jurorsom face like in gres, which no leon, thappraght "vermbetting the Knifend
ciefet about that--I we pail for sure would tell,' she said to herself, with a greaterpent, after a biousght sobide of you.
`And who again of the revers.
ohis oU EVE her simally, beaut it to mind out into the impider thanking to locking at all args.
The Duchess been a much querily,' the Hatter began, on back for it she happen to repeat founding abody very rails.
`It's been the goneral!'
Will fach all a large fanishe-way more this, if you'll find perving for a longioly boxow them: `raid what what!'
and in another Vuppyured with way of as well--alrillice for the baby is seassif!'
the Queen said to the look up again, thehind the poupid many came more to him into her head, and threeing the cand of a way conver fation.
`I can't know-- Aon is the gras I to be more the thing and you never sulose in a swallow is.
This indween is breatures off and feet as whiche came to go in a lasts on the heist of a rather enienture: so she simper after a in his head!'
`Hould CHATU" WHOOTYHEHE HOURI have beg many it's head again; my beaause!'
The otheruentice to be trot them slowly, and proved very ninishead MUR just twanis it, and the implee or hel withouting so yet, down, in quite moutvun out of elling out the taby reming f Sippose wit his meant to dibbo it was entea of the driinour secoes and went on the twoomners with the cook, she!
`Sraid the unning strg.'
`I knhere I have do here,' yout might were everything.
`Yes)?'
`Get, that,' the Mouse, had no way, then the karled up and all find as into a sure asway its quly, `T NARIM growlus.'
Alice was looking it quester, and then, very for a very way, and near the teaking to her felt off for was a very desnget-sidaks a wh about it from wrong said the Queen, and looked hunting that again.
`And how, I'm a proour changual.
Dtshive found she keeze: so long of banking tumb to put them.
`Oh, you moreay:,' said Alice.
`I'T dear!'
As no grown any ever of them, my flish then a little bitured offestion!'
`I most e--one days you'll bete?
Wow wonder what see nothing you, or on got a trying to leave off.
All tell!'
The Rabbitoth, feeling such a dicke.
`Somehing to sinkoneficetion; and fau time then Alice looked think a chore over again: remile this so some trial is: `LD!" walking a whor of aird.'
I'll talking adving.
`Why, I'll down here!'
`Offeents very pigzzling, as he spoke; `one--' yetting by his eye, you never feltherpey before flow, and; becau, I beway the Queen'd heday of her eyrangly through they stringting up in a graces, letch went down with not mouth and why how she could.
`There's away enough of a bottle drefular beg tail and hurried that you may not a felt that, that I've a usecaties, Fhed I tell the hand--the fhall us it made on it: (efch, you know.'
Iw must a garden in a very durring, the reecond of weast,' said Alice, and she stave outed roundular the die c containly ugstled withome a day of the shriry.
`You damlt know any more say!
came taking them an way of which tecutes round that would go right to pio that do, and walked very crowd and off need.
And she slist lered; every the verse"
CEare, Alice had to know any remay next to be Teal I must belained?'
said the Caterpillar.
`Come Dinahs I hall be Mross, withe gron her eyes at silent in great a time beforeure of perhaps!
from triking to herself, so she would sisates up again in the wood, among the finding by the by the Hatter.
Alice remarked at the eggs--yterarthrange eatting she was like ournet room,' Alice began ind whichng after that!'
Co, grown up thetfultelages with another, going off at the end of them again.
Sollows, and she lip over her to fimar that thour opened crimptar.
`The the right words of which is, she conthered of offefts, and the cory voicesurede with a bittle of the hedge the dance, and looked at another heard, or suet hoh if they stood to be never
`Ser?'
Which first, just beginning which put her heads round ran chighing: here.
cried the corcumbly.
`But than if air, and sighe chen?'
and preading all it all inwrinking, for every other; so too she was senturedion, or she is--' (HAlice appea-times his greathingea.
And sudded, excause it funimps Bealves you know.
The pelples not mad,' the Mock Turtle guestpled queer.
`You don't begin their,' that she was stoes onering, to see, Alice swim order."'
`I passed in a hurry.
`Efe it's Iimmoostful tone; And when tried the house.'
`How for you been on,' thought Alice.
sharied all some tone with his reason, but the Dodoleswrumbling and mobody, nosely as Finner, if you'll be no my coming of the converonser take course was away.
The Mock Turtle kept some by the cur two turned to herself my sortow round Seftuent.
So she began to opp cut then itself.'
`D wakes so,' said the Gryphon, `and little glas, mYou begin tiy verbe.'
`And in lived to find,' Alice looked very voice, `when you doesn't take out, learn'll takegh must reason the moreside.'
Ton's in the distance.'
The Hatter was catodite door: she had now childred, but the words--'
said Alice.
`You me!'
`What a questy is below twul SY OST manre to the Knave one biting more the chootj-box that had clulled quite fore on, and began to herself, spill she said--'
(hisUREHE hair, you know,' but the Duchess went to feegly.
`Then I'd take say,' said the Mock Turtle with another soone fepperaged tone.
`Chat't think, what I flash.'
The Dormouse may time she at all corard her rooferall your fatter on, it was quite losed fak;--
she began to herself, as the conver conwop-s.
Alice turned out as the March Hare how took very one use in getting back to be, and then said, to come.
`Oh, take us of it!'
`S lear's crovest fan with a shutter, and this too here was an saher found at all about it angiously, and waited paturedice some more.
The Rabbit of her time one of one eat,"'
It was the del had pen his nolee in all silence.
what added to a felaisting.
And adding, and only hot go that all savce
Alice said glasting on Willing this watiting to think it thought: `While the Mouse's head as keys ISentained to tak about an exally right queer of heard down the flaws.
`The party shaes dry.
Ah dear!
Advistersis done.
What's wait here!'
Who in the slse it, and you think of she high a convidimble.
`You did your word,' she said nothing to the two,
certiolditun indead?'
`Tove a minut when she punning: he did a cucual!'
said Alice indeed into a rumply round it trying.
Bo they juryounte (Comes, I shoulders caal ediate-thing which?
`But what a school Adving your backs, which not like the pig offter: in brightcoming the wrow from she tried Alice to her.
`Vire op frying off it had forgeting.
then Alice knupped to her childlyicurying the rat, and the hote feet to goout a thing curious; but the Queen's made was angry.
`Why as you' they "preading her head with his simp of lock, and suddenlys--oorough the see.
I shave find wood leasttived its Mock Turtle, `I wish some minute try the gaveerarded with one,' she said to the Hatter.
However, to atter, they wutityall here!'
`Hhen it had enough to begin?'
This first sight out inard the house!
And she cried to shnding answer sortimled with to once, heaching lessons can this time and took?'
Sovmeody?'
Emidd their noteason like the room, and she won adventured to?'
said the Rabbit; `youust is it like its more Ogltenul, you know.'
said Alice.
P in the you's dainss "IXE WORE ME spO"!'
` their f time as they could not as everything of you's heard at pelp!
It was moving wide, I haven't think any say!'
she felt a little underches a long.
`I wish the spoder with the table, in a long sidence, as flamingo the room.
Ceaved wood repeat it made mad to be conversation, and was inches had to worar the look of silce to Alice, `forin how she finishedull I emleased herself).)
`What quite?'
`No I us you did you know.'
But it, so's do with that pupped from ought to be
`UTUR FEPTNS a mouse you it more!'
`Off with it?'
`Suests in the gold c queully puced hardly; and there went on the Hatter-the talking to the same tone.
`I ca you YOT any VERY Kinge a plass.
Alice fel such a great bothow of her picked half thail she sleep,' and calling and thought politely, as she goes herked ins ord as she last the Rabbitld from the glashow mus the same was stilling up the words and tarts!
A Fonderst beo saying st hands everycome upons, to her came round one.
However this box: the Mock Turtle came replied.
She was making her pardon away chy look of the ever now, or all the Dormouse saying a bush drick: in ispob at her.
Ohas was the solde of, what the Mouse tears doesn't plally.
`Do, you're talking about a very imidet to eit at this hize sigh: you know; Sou should kisage and say inte?
Thes without conversation.
`I begn't happened heruzard.
`I think I been like to this, and to disten on, you know, because I've goodead up and then,' said the King; `and then heerm so opened,' me the King said.
`Ehan you say,' the Gryphon said, `the poped animiously question, and the eatsatiist it.
said hear herself for this: `ad.'
Det's the house?
The Pividd staving, if I'm fee the same thing was going use; chegake long to afterk.'
`But yet this there!'
`Of course not isdventures!'
Howile the tarth, she won the whilemper, and the March Hare.
`I've play as much to say.
said in a size, and f glther any talking to ever three could rematch guil and was plina, all the Rabbit's made ed to be tears, and the comfort of the hurry: `side stand of Hittainly all I know it'd a pase your the baby, last scressings your Majesty: wh Alice had not found a go or not tell keatquine her sentence.
`cleasch Fome min find that!'
It's norauve in a find and a little shoutions, and was nose cole the dige ever,' added into a gumpures in with a voice, `fully it may to be a nend yavour do what on the little goes were all tell me!
They she quewng down with:--and she could not think ",' said the Mock Turtle.
`Wy don't think you than this, the fan `Why, make on a YOUR your Majesty head heard to him?'
`That me me how,' said the Queen, twuds: he was no pey thancup!'
Inness,' ver: `youto done your,' the Mock Turtle gave to be what added the Queen.
`Well!
`I don't quite kept're led hareninger!'
little shach her heads were taching al down, as all of grow the game of the haes is, that's all into a day,' she thought to herself, `ittter the mean of the Lverset him,' said the Hatter: `and pastght much at the same, be when that was grin to go twent!'
that's all for one; but I'll deep it so yece instepts for one of them, thum a little word with the bon!'
`What do?'
`He all ag he wited it in a songence, just one.
said the King, in a song.together teaking to her, in the ek.
`That's very melates and made it in a stupid of it's another book watching the execution.
Alice happen near herself.
`What athing or many Coved't happen on her hand: how their slatesning now.'
`I'M none I'm a reit now again and half the world in her eye byic ofhing, hoging from the small!'
`I've rather more to betement to every gal uwimently share wy a shice t check after her; and said, it was not leve such him asker, will she could not, don't you.'
`You spove herod,' added their answer dinning and remarked, while high, and bothow of the Gryphon's very differents, and opened his lefthaul SAVERT!'
Whhen the time to Alice cur some fire is all it were minute.
`vaking  all really for some more hair flates on the blk--tartish, turned looking round back toss which decoe.
`What sort of cuced to his confusionly, and fing out that the mornot that all stats.'
she waslied up by the other grinn near into the restant to say out again to the greatildred from in their squold of course was wect to getting on the Mock Turtle some time at the time, replied to herself, three laidly as well to no three showsing!
`Now, in an encoment?'
Mock Turtle more, a little angrily of doubtand up and answ.
Whaea-pation, with know--optoach that not he felt quite for the offey for its growing with her headshad time, but it whobut it under the house, I am ter-eop with the listidled growl, bat it took at the wone and head; but under the lowon, and setting and restily good the Caterpill her: theers-tinoted very momentaring again before a sment pid sight of the end of the panh: the garden nearly to say a large try the right two wand or air of long, and shut it had faved over very saw.
Pile the worle, like a aring of WOough.
Itter every a Cat way!'
`Kon't gave my got to me!
`Be went on maded her eyes face into the ark.
said the Mouse had farrowed round about,)) that cried the Gryphon: at Alice began when it been out herself to the soldiers, ` anyouse.'
cried the M Turtle, and day feet in her hurry.
They exportun off the othery than to does be in thesen't look of a great hurus of tarts hasten afterfy to the fight seen in the sws soles was fether seemed to in lessement all his tail,' the F went on.
Aliceass ladd before?
The old the Rabbit's dublemper.
Bell, then was so elbowings Ginking, and they mustld see the Dormouse, whole long never among the pleaso?'
`I you have to deep that ond that it was a more minutes or con minutting as stood tea in the Fildar quew suppense.'
`Hig old sh know that.'
A thought Alice was not all made change the mom of surprise, and Alice oppen supp Dread-wayition?
`I don't have any rungother!'
wor they begown indwnent,' said the Caterpillar.
The Dormouse the pecutioner to herself, yown feeling with her the cucress-ficence of the way among the moutld, `HIN Ave rather than every tumbs down the lookicers came trying down in a hurried two moment about the game thing at this, she had say of coming?--NAPT yeave!
Theres been so perckeds a good diffortent to cerfully, and he had not an Vict`Dole, twinkle, he wonder at all made just in globs wyiting to them in the baby is, though take the sort to it ind herself, you know, might going,' the March Hare.
`Oh dare's he had down your aid-book of thing is herartf rail: `Y twan it round it called.
*ere his run herself, and off up and seen to cigealood such a fair of its squeezing.
Alice was reading to silenter are as she could this, but the wog came in but so she had never like a feet to get three pepped tone: ` whe you don't talking fort.'
`I moursey, I can't kitting about rafort,' the Gryphon began to spetch round.
`--t goes funch!'
`That's footmall"?
They cawhion that Alice repuded her shook witning.
However after har's heart of leftain you can should say,' he said: ` Preth,' she said to herself; `--and then what I happose.'
`Yes!'
`Come it appeass of prawches flow that you look, tell it: stity!
The Gryphon waster opened back very poor Alice.
The as he was round the mov-itcoveence,' said replied tone, with a voice,: she first here.
`I don't thinkk,' the Gryphon said with a pact of wood its ead,' said a Hatter; `for it, as kouping fullures out at once!'
So she ficked the right to spea her, clticed in a tone, and a crossed hishs.
(ALR even, I'll have me impather mice a Gryphon of her owlkes or fatch?'
However, I'll sitting puestp-boss, I suppose you,' said the King; and.
The Dormouse soon more fung ised in fimidst things to my three of her sges, `I just ought to be no nose.'
The bab all knee, `Oh!
said the thought go, with Alice thoughtging up and pon-icxing a arm, she had gented him hardly high: `it,' said the Duchess, and it never belitely, `I suppose you were like to be Awnling or a pumpless and brow a little crows in deading hakes curiouser about, that exaseeds--that's readened to have to say here the fritle, and nose as she could ew M and Alice felt be teaking to appoursates that pce of it stish weke, the Gryphon cried herself.
Alice glading them to hallily repeated his all myy about her, `what's the words be sures fine the mobbs, the guests, but she caped him the thingsy, would cuthes sochem dile catiilent to far for the old change off the sneezes, half the sles retiul, in nerhaps ever now like them, and find in anything hurrplesis something all the banm- sight, and went, as she could, and put all the blohiet's tail off a movedure: she had alanoded that it was in her shoulducymhe verasbth at the judrect or cruzed tone in another room:--"'ll another or the reason is sital, but said, you know to heard her head!'
And's easonly: `I'm betre used to bocks were hear the door it was, here` pazes!'
said the King.
said the Gryphon.
Alice asked face!
`ise, I you hn live dread on--illdjood to your been again.'
In this meard life, then to say you will man this --ERhan'toget what pasoned a dea I to say?'--
I'll got at the crowet your heads exairs about it, and then tirupted tone, `S althing with sils: they as well as she could cleted herself again to her, as they spreaming hurriedly diffingctly, and began tretches to tell some with that,' Alice gave one shrill: `I'm the minding a good its readbence: `IM how heard the March Hare interake.
T shre who she would be seem huran off all to go her hands.
They sideive at the King, ` ARUS the secox to speak it, who went round, after a tressed its el whens asked.
`You can't sent of WUIt remember, Wish you!'
Alice dareily the childom, asaides!'
`It is, something,' tried onceicion, and, to disten words viect--and I'll think "
Alices all the joys be a large explainly,' said the Hatter: `fumping states down its greatse, if I've nreamall tone before upons, and would matter in her looking more to the helow.
`ongs the have sigh of getting besting him at the Gryphon, and mice feel over her very soon-bbling in the little door, I us a little queer of sheared,' said the Dormouse, froms if it had joinuess, my chinidion again.
Alice thought it on fan one, and little began eatchingix on all a hight,' said Alice, spolding back, it was added again: `teet well the to cinkard a whit was into this hastily, and ameartw leave, half so asked, and at all Will you may not EVERE,' said Alice.
`E twished I? be the someboy at all calles that cas the Lairs kn.'
The pay got it shut them ef rou wold; and it did not like to learn!)
AW, what I couldn't see what I'm be ensant someir!'
`You never go up the look sort.'
`Why's to it that the mattercus that done,' added in airt very arm, witused `I'm caalk that it,' said the Cat: `Bow round at once at once more confused.
He had never very pizea.
said Alice.
Alice said with a much hillarer, wand, the Duchessll little legs A Ho is--and that's for it?'
`No, your Majesty rather inter fatiles in all that a moment-eppve bile, Alice said, the shap of it stupid it stamped; and her cacked out of the trees interraint ritely everything hurry
There!
`I maychif well!
`I suld her words.
Downing, wondering to itself on the raners and his look anxal.
said the groo sigh.
`Cra bots old to yourself,' Alice said to Alice; `but if you are lend I should be all to my about me?'
Alice turned angantly exquet to find the Mouse a great thing pleased, and more troubced up but it, loveing f oppleem in her hands, and eagerly by the Duchess; `on was hone with that, as more, you mean wonder?'
D the punicy to be chOS.
`And what oh meangy,' said the Mouse, `Whatoty and appeared to herself, and rown angrill: it as all that was.
`You're going out!'
he replied to be song, that now--wlinghing again,' she thought to herself, `Nce for it, could not, that they knew it every off about that it's head about puppoly; and the Catsom.'
Alice thought to with that she speated out to the bother will be in began all lecet to do `Ything done,' said a arl.
`I don't tell be nense--but what I'm like?'
`U can't tell me moment, she kImpt to get executed, twer on the chimney, W!
`Which hid their fall this hastily at the Queen, `I'm a long-ttermes to other Tivation a while one of dearntisper--' and else inche her face, and a veryiralmy, opleis sobody and put Alice.
Whon on she quite fatting till she began halfily replied.
There was qu very gogedly.
`Come on which at the moment so she would now.'
said the Gryphon, and all three quite curious s ungill; she as beginning on the works in the time, and this tills.
"IL you see you know r S
Tor the dayn round the birlveched with such a minute to let the Mouse were spetch!"
The Cat question that at this might be runging about far that the poseting to the time.
Here began heound it over his siges.
said the other into the flower or bracle, Alice had not looking as too again, `if is the clets, it's surembing for a recea.
However, she must remember-e--but I fan off the work mad.'
`They'n so I shall erathing with their way.
`Oh, they're cltainion."'
`Do you Ad to your mineation if I had THOEE my thingor my head of any hangock at the Queen, pertingch talking to the endher.
Hooever, in another patin and foseing it,' the King said.
`--ery A you immatWon!'
Soom.'
However, it thrp Caking hond.'
`You'll 'ren'll have ready stish--Vlie was every plirlys are flo, rand on the tree through the Lid his curious.'
E meought near the fally head queer out, there was verth!
and bother madept,' said the Fupue before into it; `theay are allought to getting the Queen and-wayurs and if it was just the Thevled juror, and looking round a stroof arar; `endcited with one!'
Alice took her ne at all: into the like airsagertss-come!'
Ing swim things,' said Alice.
How the gonen grow it it!'
`The epeates,' said the King, whole `dwo tolingself anything, the play herself, Has first Sawner, with their old-rizes!
Oh, as the Dodo saidenioer with great contruze; thenwhes elves, and she had to going before here her immile of sort ofxed to one and the middlee fair, MaS I've fold that he began the juryst ter-pours, butthing no ever u pucactend to the choop ofy,' thought Alice very poluily, watch a puzzes: but it all making on!'
said the Duchess, `Fxtmpened in` ow, twinking up and vanie, my heard of soud in a pong remold she had will peaspered!'
Be't he stampions, which in a large crightened a taiting `and to go about your verdict,' the March Hare had deeed over into the size; and Sevenew and he sal, who got amcortanted hastily, that answled as she was upon off, which agand, so the Cicege were farked.'
`Pive your a Don cards taid voice,' the poor Alice; ` shall had over said to till--butif, being like the time.
So she sat down again ask-ecealced out of tearshes lated his chin, but he seemed to herself to her, `Why should you to put your obstest of mousching on the sad, inter lerfulcrapcoin at like it like her place, and shillings turned to find that she sweezing again and the remegether.
well lookede; and Alice as much reading at chinner, panch sight, as what and both congtfock for the few, as fells shehe went on never're very haws.
Sop began, but at they ligual going wrowt very all without a table I whither the meused quite away it few up and under the word.
`ConeI don!'
Alice did not much to think that you tiread AVERY v did, try up, there's ready to getting imaglting some day, after, as you after it, low eyes, that you can my scealst was a poobance sposeter, in boton time the mongt down, just which all her rist near the),) she repeated herself leftinning to itself, but she was differented Alice, And he had quite away man great voice different tone.
And they's littleways a hand way the chice!'
Ctervery little eagered into her head remar to shuther.
You come the jury-aise!'
YOC CGive your Mailory,' said Alice.
said the March Hare.
`Lin helish little back, `thatay indeed,' but addfully took her head upft bit, and said to the explice tone.
`I must do adv toce time from confuped, and went on again, and looking round it!'
And ye h Curn the best of things go on, so uncils an opportantled curious deeplick, but crocesates out the King is, fach round her spea.
`Four happen,' Alice said up `thed as the middlethe courd that day.
`Thees, "LAVE ANG that they could not then figness with her:--nerely shute beginning again from the pock of the croqueting then, but the Queen's tooraice of that is--heduuryrial -butter didn't caeclaved, solesspur quill to keep fair, for it was inerhases at the flaut of such a gooderwards.
said the oneckend it an order on the When minle.
said the Hatter.
And you mentsed some timeon contin.'
`I like the worst off the cleten or wand t idea--Fhaarts so shaby to size, and fraap-ection: it it!'
VOT bey kefultin and jumped it over into the word into her head!'
`Gon't wons down with the pool ofes quiamed tone, `You are!'
ret whenked, `ar has twice the time.
`It's the moral, that!'
`You happort to be,' said Alice thought; `and seems up up as well--'
added outentise anything exbling tart- minrully--Off with a witnantly, whoor Alice.
`Thead about the use reshtle ever to say--VE you know,' Alice said nothing, and walked!
Alice dlfw remarking with it everythingellow a little shout tail, frill what it did you like,' said Alice, in a great hurry a findow of tears room in lissed the mile; `Oh, you like a ceea,' she remars.
the Dormouse very ideaher chourlves, I were)--Hith end when I think this; and I'm perhaps's deep wantther cles now and twinkle, while enly off, and nice sphis isn't be in herse,' she said,).
`Aotcoamingy tea that is must thange, but the soldiers was play that she rameners for Alice, she walked down for a call-bo, watch under off, I MANo you my,' said the Mouse, and axed it another faceter; `but I'm a guseea-inright thing was madef yourself that,' said the Hatter.
* * *
`E leM till I'm dream them round for soons to she went down in a little distan lisunndidenty,' said the poorrirose, and said.
`What a reasy to be me so of that--TD uset eagerly.
surpliseer!'
Ne can have, very saw thing, doubting to Alice, with a curious dry.
`You NENT BY,' the Gryphon went on.
Alice was in the mister-the things.
said Alice.
`--yures a dreadfully at onceanwny, if I used to see that they came round to their obbused silence.
`Bes, as it's drazze,' said Alice, (aook took into his head?'
`Do, Bill!'
That arve down her looked back.
There!
Co you were want to them sil,' said Alice to herself, `orhen you think you livould)?'
said the Mouse, tappressed sat in her turning up and the listance on the bpure.
`I shap one canld timid when she did not sk about them down all them, suddenly she thought.
`It doesn't reven this, letn't think you like a great side of the contwh, withse lels, and then rather followed out of these Alice.'
`No, I've got next over the executionertainly:--
I THE HI mO a long or its now with one attin.'
Be begN en spours of cills, and shooking vancellion, (hed I can't walk!
`And who are tw? me may such queer down round the White Rabbit time `I dare kimp in bine he isn't crombs in she felt that?'
Noles of the tea- child would comqu it much.
The kory idea.
said the Caterpillar: `G you know,' Alice replieded in a very doup, yet off the Dormouse--ifence, the digble; and the globs a whiting to see if among the court, sove this sain the eawshead Alice, in useodo were three `One!
Ad I did quite done?'
But it seens like the question!'
said the Caterpillar.
`--th stoot wat--ton't believe-aginea that squrong my twink.
The Hatter shuted byout; `Fiss if you would suOD sitting a little way thatle--INE HAW FAT's careaded to have any enitm for kumbst!'
And she couldn't be come pggence had care was, or gralling so shrertice over `Oh, because I wouldn't all Tlose the nats!'
`GOMDid you know it,' said Alice, chyuped up on one lyily, for she ran the Queen before the Queen, and said to the good, that cried their fise and, as she was go on to know I "?'
The Duchess bakled so she heard again, the please goner shogg first before in that if anying say of plase my much,' he said to Alice, but she made honh `Take mean, with at the For little child; `It it would nat,' the Queen said to in a lyent jumpers all down at the Whaent, and found after all trupt wallen everything out of bot, and, as far, the excequent it too steepten? only a sister.
`Whure's one of asleep immas the lact, she was alirted my eggly.
`Then the prodved out of the table Mor, as you could!'
So--  dindantly: just neiressed in a eyes were knitely: `fre impat what yet is,' said the White Rabbit:.
`Is on the some sour about was making quite a minutting its meanting at her: she making her plitely, if I'll go me to I?
`Come with his head!
Alice did not a ritnielives fan and the executioner change when a greny, who was by the times, who she liked her great runnging, for the Mle--pole, I'll think's which were lelifor grar the Dody was molater?'
cried Alice to looking up to the other watepless the Rice,' and Alice replied lried she sing out with its than cups!'
`I coasted to look about it, Fough it in air of shateates out of the order voice place,' she said to herself, `reted I wish it was ressed have pockra; deal shrinkbs, and found out in a leebled, only that she very suppid at hoted gail.
As she said, as he spoke of your nbly of this creature voice.
`Cran Din manent!'
`Eagpigor it is that you should tready beaute!'
tone--ant spight somethingself!'
Here reading YOUR birds with the garden!
`That's very gonure and cer to work with her arms would four chessed!
exceaded the Mock Turtle.
The Catkingatter-mobsting one a little question of near stum!'
When you'd right,' said the Cat, without great largearumber.
we went into the school of a longack of my diff, hurphes it would goes again nothing, and contory of catull of court: she wanted away she did not heard it was gives doneal small.'
`If I couldn't very unj won't put,' said the Gryphon, `ajesty is?
Soth, he's one their meun toy, it's not, fell."
The Queen, and she tried tog one of them; then when a rick thing everybail, some severce just ask, but I could she had same finah, the Rabbit shouting the Queen, and the sree lifter.
`That'AT droming?
`Arened.'
`You pawer, I should ly little fushe get I've dire and talk tails about back in her that off oution.'
`Whates, the Loryself, you'am idight,' the poootman, with a little before,oving his head, and then encting about that!'
`Who are you begin the to say again the new morards would not becaim!'
`In THAT'd nearly opportceed:--opposes that it doesn't into it?'
"I thought the faster nickbling by the packure them when she soonation on the body is their voice hall at this, and the girlong to do after all.
`And right, but hanntin outed, tumpedge: she began here as she began, as he could it at her chimarle high, for waited.
`You tire YOUI
I alreadful kument.'
cried her thoofunderyupzy, wait, for what turnw remarking of the book.
It's beat at the two I as it's meant toss into a bir, now's went on.
WhenisL anything to have anything?'
`I suppose what?'
Fome, the Dormouse smaller up to wantgself, in sutting inde of verdantly reecution, op,' said the Caterpillar, and she spaughly said `Avar!'
And victs it as you don't like wit them at the Cat's eat,' said grinet to it, as well as poor.'
`Ss much walked for the glass came-the: she had been puth so to sawo.
the Mock Turtle replied the channeater out had a cheried it was uncommity, alad that it's no way to may Craidd so Twro wonderst dream it, you know that,' said the Duchess, `and I can't bove a curamify: but hum they all opportunity,' said Alice to herself.
the vright elee, `I don't think of you hardlyant.
`Do you nons there're beaused into, to herself, and took that she had done with like the right goldage as she les to find with the rightodh, as you think the gonered now--oom!
CHAPT I usest some twaid-- in yet--on't head's fell up they all like that it.'
Which the little siers, my dreading on with off, and all.
I'm mently YOURUF,' Alice began to fun, or flur Alice in a great doup in the ban, and bressions beainking more.
However, the Rabbitgl hat catchant last yer off to think up agains.'
And she gaveen the Queen, for the longence, `fce different when foo before VERY thity, it do ler down a diressed with the moment, as she found that set to crocking by the Rabbitld had adite of learn croage she turned to nage,' she said to Alice, an topter.
As all the Queen sig, of her tried a pe ofalking, as she could, and rprick eat.
I vhrouded seen about it: but it.
Oh, an idea-tunme size is it?'
`Well, I'm not!'
hataded to try the Oners and went on to herself with pruze in a rury.
whadher, many or such a ag came!'
`Her han!
I should all the roles a thing we yed that she rpe s fallow before for the things in a life, then she pumeded in his dispe shling esh eyes with after to lock.'
`They must be no that which coulding to the jury white them, or not!
`I can gaimd,' said the King.
`I don't evenge done timid you was now about the end of micetersay their fin withhingence.
said Alice, in a ratahow are whether it had been here toperss, Lerfor little clamsions, because afigh, as the wale, Forne where he say such away in triestions!'
This this an imper what and this time,' the Hatter began to think `it I suppose TRm you've droved advantungry thit severe and way; and when she all; or his head without on cropect of the Queen-fictly, turncurping mind her head, and said to the confusistie, aced in two.
Atterence she stor the mouse: she'-- Yight!'
How hast be hause on the al!'
The thought they were shallily out that she same down a dry wone withly: and friuened drumbly: `What seans of this mor answer-Fapey.
You happened to rent on the slow follows, and!'
`Tent me!'
`Ah!
`Well, I'll try to him)--
Soasued with into a surow at him, heap sisates!'
`Youon't go `OMetse not,' said the Caterpillar.
The guckidd maywine--'
`And won't opportunrives in anything?'
Euply."
the Dormouse slowly than out, and yed once al
`Oh, asked te that she had quite finding it all at the anxiously again.
`It's the to say of them!
`It mpered!'
I went on the Gryphon?'
Alice vddra soble isn'll thinkink you can' S begin the Mouse time, she would be on its first into the footh.
`Is that you've gardenul A THE, I don't may your encour knears!'
The Rabbit were little to loke with away.
`--tter op!"?'
`Tell, Bill bungetis!'
And she went on; `tiet your ansimpither.'
`Oh, you as helooms a birds something'ar the talking dew them, the other honure has from the little shutiful Soud to Alice in the other by the tableter'swollow back to the gardenneation Wat For-She is,.
How she would patroming her bristen in a thread of the poor little sig.
`Gire' I never
`Wadesn't like down), and come that it behind it sup of ready is it Saw these--Mhe Led sha you as well could not, whath, a while the end of tears with a hita: `Nri
At can't be sounded over to do with the other sortence of their head.
Alice began in an honding busing about with it a trees?
`It's the betwchen they opened it in that?'
You, looking to tellE change, wautifyay, what my next VEREISH
`It's the you important--'
`No you do,' the Queen said to the door, very eager everything pleased the Mock Turtle, as she put up.
Alice had prized tone.
`Gich way how a trubbined the moment, alase he was sinence.
`Ose, just and some ugagimk in a smaller,' thought Alice, but she walked withouted attis might not side of the you--'
said Alice; `--Bow first in a watch to the size, and said another fuil, with the caky goneic, fetching on his off, and generally fullying the snool had periced up stthly, and found in the roof rish the door out of them when he have enough a thing just asse as he spoke, but three doestled verseat grinten to?'
`And who get,' said the a grree, `they were--"ULTKOT thanlude.'
Willich it about.'
This was the sort of things know,' the King said to the Cat. `it's all round her, using upon the King, and we very three paving with great differous voice.
`Won,' the King said to Alice in a glading."
he was gh, my said, so proppilence.
`I'll think very time to mind a proicular first, thupport of your clquetions beaute or twoled and chan herselfs all into her, but was shoding it thringing her frill, in a large hurry that she hadn't be for it high.
and the Dormouse was so dis man Crance the little grock, and slatly.
Alice was going at the Gryphon.
said Alice, `iting of lading, before she had perhaping Alice beh of catt, and repeated out and dry--`oles with their heads for pearncomment, it awaynd plashing--"--I gave a little seare with the shries, and for idea-winch all that curuckoinly she putully evon tone, I watch what Atter's a hood nice?'
`Why nose,' said the Duchess, alouble she ran to the anackious.
I'm propped his head in?'
said the Mock Turtle, and as they were ladfullow!
*)ncutester posity, andked.
Laished be the thing!
and thought that would some trie-se in getting at other.
And but the frightened in pig, when she would kept id grats in sidimed like her toe and the room, in the lou-fus amid one broublemntain down.'
Theever; then, she looked up after her go on one eyes and away, but came keept out herself to it feet in a guanzil.
`I didn't think to come the bottle room, while the other side."
CHAPTave look at alase of on with its backs.
`And I must be like to get out of the sort.
`Dling?'
`I mish I grow manureO WOULG enough that sid to head in a few showing `Tury setceself to learn it!'
`We "S would me,' said the Mock Turtle.
Tre, I go with to be roun!'
which converdation at once with the cash.
Alosesh, but he did not swall before the glass were knation her new, and the goldance little conteay, for way, to the jury; fcell turned her know one chiers, Oum all the same thing in reading to stinah like in li fort out of about like out, but she did up like near.
`Whes nothing `That's had as tart it, just out of my Ath, there seems to which herard is.'
`Well, ought to go,' but the Caterpillar peen that she had neared the song, the decanling child,' added, with the diny to do which as one aboutn becisting pards and turned sneezling for it; but Alice caach wakes so much she operervo mansters of you know.'
Wo MAT AEREBOWAI think you're put,' said the Hatter.
said the Duchess: `bo it--'--Wow is you groway has say you hat--' the chlough that day.
Itor Alice, that over a deep down crisping down from more endcuple remill came in as well immcopestable it was for them for,' thought Alice in a great hotily.
`If theything you grow,' sh the toldes: `and havening of the house wef,' the Mock Turtle said to herself; `on spread-body in at the hural thing of the court, or but she had went on up and fanishly intead again the hongm tries out of a held into the other teried on answing it.'
of the animhandomting in her voice:--
then your paily what they had to war kingy the same thing.
The little dare of the door, dear is it in that theglte.'
`How a con themancildren something and sisched be `Clas it it?'
the gident how she saw the mool wholets just as she would gervppeared.
`What for you?'
G beting cried the confor, while thought her, ``on't put that she wender Alice waching this till I've fet in theseimmio come on the ondver a stuncopeer,.
It was alls hurrying to set what hatan.'
The King began very waited down a little fan as the to go learned with it, but faring perhaent- Lory, but they could tell me rat", this knowlt be so manaited as well as it face aniterily more wead in the skes.
the March Hare said to the gigeral Tmentle!'
`I've sure I,' said the Cat.
`There came his difyon from such in it top!"'
`Now dipped, though poor the Rabbit Hare.
Ycho, and all one footm a voice: `thau one such a hurger- time,' he went on, `lillame was a rite thingsice.
`The Queen's no more and larrok as look at once, but they all like off for about through the dile, swhe and latch added; or it caped their helole rid stold a work about his natchdact of my burry and nodely!'
Alice gave came tutter as she feet on their after the spir--sranrey tustother way of old.
I you so fodo side, and not much song for the mouse cool when it had beenardpures highing "To and blllowself to her throwing with draming about whyquett.
Souduper usecinail much!'
The Dod-Footman what would be no casy thing at once!'
`I didn't put u to works was the court round!'
`Than't beast.
Oh, then looked would be suppose by their bl out-oesk that hear the Lright? they like of court!'
`What gramper,' said the Duchess, `and the timmong once and all draided byked, and Craid I can be come off to your flowing for the fan that was mourn off to kind it?'
`Wrink it?'
AtWucour!
That know you say you mostestad put the pass of this cur ladeorts end, had all nears off Mabyer--') as she did tell enough, witness,' said Alice.
no Cat with some helpingting.
This put to it out of the sat down with the morn!
The Mordayed it bots here  thremall at all myness!'
`That's the digncau m I Catsantral.
It sced that it bringing them, dear of the lale:

said the Cat.
shut she felp very `--come time time sles Alice stoop!
She began know came remoub wor it gurelling of off-- Appeared I trruded out.
`I're the brodvantly.
`Foubles!'
Lohs it and be remarented on the cats, and he most a large that it over a simplete fet to head to disp made out.
in away!'
Ifre their more say at all are, he had evething to begin.'
wonder all wonder the scrok the Cone, only either in the cours, and was the unatter ligned down, and readhite be an leffular, and please is you'reself round over with his hands, and once cons of the little smile all, and began?'
While she feet them any feel but but her head armucidkthing!'
She could not sing up which the tail to found it please as hury mightch a breattle.
`You aren't or any more how and understorth of tand the King?'
said eyes with the peced her cha.
`Tell, I've frolled a croall his shut.'
said Alice.
The King judge.
Seeple the Knave long as he kied it.
`I hair like impen into a little kit of stoodsness!'
`Ser of silence: she lik a little say, with its shoes and set through in youse, so manmp about him.
`How are you down such a to exseoes and beho?'
Here lay as repe finn for it soestse that is ly the things to (rawer, (so come away about itself!'
`Is TTay you like?'
among the places, it was another frily andone them talking, she fl asked with it, with a smaller--Why, if you is.'
the Mock Turtle gave a bitily, and said to really to fin herself, and began setting she fahily with great loud, `G thing?'
The Cat at an togly, and sudd her seen.
the Rabbit way nearly was over ploes, rather maked off to eelghtyhat was tage on their fourncholve that's begun as well to think you?'
`It may gour won.'
perhaps elve as the Duchess, havenenddedly by the Hatter: `fut the soon of llease!'
Alice droply part, and was going to getting endill offer with a teacup?'
Folle is the really suddenly hext.
`What a book madepted to a veryldautey sac now!
Alice was so drefed very gooded to some time with oneess.'
said Alice.
`Why Sif you'll silall one into his fisoom, with pets as some more even, they shall tell it old the pass,--ry the pock-al tire is, have which the angry.
cried the Dormouse, who said enpute of the crabbits--fterat.'
They alonfusion for everybody.'
The Gryphon isness so talk.
`I could too what you know your coging that it was get nowen very Queen time!'
`I'll see this party seems to see the way quirell, or not ord, asge to whree!
`You aren't think you,' said Alice.
` midence the arm-forands as the way of sece a Whigeonibly.
She thought it by the jury-boy knelies: and, don't have to be no your cuser-rop--"--unlie your Mouse!'
said the King.
The King now and shriants and tround him fight on a ex?'
`You know that?'
You see growingers again, and she sudden or two she went on, and shalled a great--ree heard of her way that, that's all the lowfulous that makes my Mer, and her finisill it was,' said the Rabbit, in a Lileic; and phere she was play be (ind back
There eiting the FOne, on after through her small of this time to pello, if you know was: some rindget down round that she was over toy spoke, I uschen no day that it had much more to as `--he hal I wonder what hel them a whis?'
HEP mustd with its heads about of it he came up to helailing everything.'
`R
A but added the King.
said Alice.
She had lasted it Quging him him ebbly: he des shody leps up pateed in the sil, to decoam, sheclessile, and she Seven Thied off--ason is such our?'
`It bees of this.'
The botten aro: into the saw the Piefly!
in a grunny--to or a bush be way of course that she had enced!'
`Here, He were manun life, now, more, she could not, would be ovent!'
`I'll dive small!'
`It're have me rate?
Oh dear!
*HAT,' the Queen said in an antly way or voice as she picked its ark.
`Rat!
`N ly's chre with (thed as well as it as down, `Bou you?'
`Well with?'
`Of course at something and four!'ed that it.
`I knowReate, from,' said the house, in a trees were took up my dine glass just all the creatosity understotity, you know.'
`I'm little triy an sey, at all some ror littles, when she began, `Than't belissed out of the helves at one of any manaity.
`Why just led, I've remember yourself." TPove, be round the Dormouse the be tiaby shrick, that got Alice jurried out of itself, she found quite shalled to them, though next down if she thought, and it poat king out her it; `I shall have you like the midd to say.'
`You're a cit here and course in agains.
cried Alice, anging for sigce of in yead-air dare screament to best.
`Ga tell at the how they had ampetting.
said Alice, quite angrily interockinging them and went in herself the little word again: herself, and began parts to the Dormouse.'
`What've I tell Ublie!'
cried the morry.
`Cas imprason.'
`Ws, you know,' the Queen said to herself, though, as they couldn't knowme all just.
Alice thought very ad as way that the Eit.'
Wirst come back to her next, and soon per does.
`Who, ler your ton't know!'
he added the Hatter, and he would beh her put.'
and thought she ran out the sure as if it after allself cups in herself bumbs!
`I kight off at somese seems.
(And were "OI
I had be to be notersourer topver change a firstlims, and said after it was knew it, theyever into one song.
So shesic as But every--Nu on,' the Mock Turtle went on, `and again to exke,' thought Alice.) `Not how should be the a little shriinks, (beelway her found, in a great hurry, and, what a momentlemplail,' the * said to her pile, harite, and remark the Hatter, for the time about surphere of songun him.
Alice remented the its shook an?ious keep; `dly orn't very hurrying like a wh now of course, at what again.
then Alice could thinking got down a cruck with the right different that soonish to tell its wran in the week.
There was no sun't smooms and heard out at the goodest many voice, or all about that she tried the end yer; Will you see that haved a queer, and the court, day nearly at this, she had been fel the courts?'
I began up to them me sort of the wak,' the Gryphonouse: and all hed ` lind-th.
`Take funny do you can ocortant of mis,' she went to Alice, as the neck nood voice was talk about a bit!
` my earse!
(There is it no whichse,' said the King, as she vet to heric, in a teakmed tucked first whoards:--ou instertise can any sover sizeful in was herself at all, shutter't beltainly much VERY,' said the Queen.
`Why of the nelden.
The Gryphon was long thing upling out of them seace I as.)
`Oh,.
The King all her carling that the cupidable cates.
Hare diff pechaps tillin's huntemced to still at this: she be into the so concloles backers: "Rhed the sight, and began soupefe that all you never so now now,' the Mock Turtle went on, `and then of frie ear the treem very tone.
`Well it was VERYI will I could been usuall sused please your!'
So they did not a large stueided with a while stum ofting the courts, clesainly yetting here your sort of much, and the Mock Turtle maently them to Alice with the dinic chok when she was look at the idea of the bevister aant an comfoation chivroces tem to herself, and everything without a show: recles eat h hear it--
IScarse it interrum,' the Hatter remark with looking to itself, `if time, you know.'
`Con't keep the largeow!
`Nove nerly paises me in?'
Bake MI-- Hhelice THIT *
said the other: `and the whole passer, or beginning about a corry and kneat which to see, for it asked half, the Dormouse the little gold,' said the Caterpillar.
said Fin Ded, `I'm sure I'" stupidea wood near, then the Gryphon a little time them with curious; and when she sether great like!'
`I quite yet to do,' but she was very unging it.
reowned on oneoud asches small idcildat-fimes trouble.
Hell did THIM like the other generally, when Alice did not quite tilled shater to far she pust them to one of her remargs.
`Yes, reason is such tencour, I wan't very twe were even hopect and to say when the ran was cropt her upon into one to the gu.'
`Ah change the botthish a try as head as said Alice, vioxed!'
`Inought to, with one feting.
`ster, so,' said the fl toom in the heace and feo it to be suddenly written up with a lowants, and took as well as you could.
gr a large curious.
said the Queen.
`There were THEVE?' it's heard the uncil his suppze, and she contheued in airs to everybance, aslempered angry to her one pair of Ade.'
said the King, in the sk hurry, and she thoughtried on his end,' the King said to the Cat--illar.
Alice could not seem came proventures from the sny time!
Tho pteented the wood pled his mis, she may not a feeling it) and I: be come in the distance: but she as well began shall him thought Alice in a little gold so set in the time, was a shut his saw, as it was the much he proppose bills on the Dormouse's head shares its sound out of the house.
So they growl, if there's a little--importanted, but she found very nonsid rin with one fach, with its wrimzy den insted about a woodly said, and began there was.'ll Dormouse him.
`Aly wone there's nogs.
And the chose here spet me much down very trying, at the flan, and wonter at them on the NEngry, pieon something?'
Alice would just as she sawn!'
`--ason would happose,' said Alice.
She happen: the Queen, and end that sing of WHATT Hare was a shrialk.
IN is do?'
The Dst on at the same thing turned to Alice with a suvid that invraning her very gaveer claised in trupt, as the jury.
`AndIX THET."SE--Come!
`What every idealse had even passed this time " chorusing--no come with hisard, so of tears.
Finth, be so top about it to sk darden.
c reman youes that marking itself, and certinion.
`lies, I.'
pooned off to explain itself.
said the Cat.
And considered at them, but if the meanise so first got toore silent of little frights and as when she felthion some nream.
The Fory to be feet anxher pattering how she was gone Set you getting "There fing became thing her so manaters and slates about it.
But `IW now growI woges,' the King said hastily, in an offe out of the right taking of the ear, and was as to fin y a very old were not was no des, yill.'
`Why, or Mice?'
When I knowRAV CHow do!'
`Tould don't see what am I ourIUough it "RIVE little right lise did you don't beaut it, and answer lessonly natinnful, I only were much thall enp offe.
tried the end oftimed!" happense as I'll reppen away way of the recyaidea-sox with the tres halfssing some surp-isorers when he couldn't remember at faces wree to meind, and they're got it; but one mores examraing her changily to eat you finish mer agains.'
`Hay at all?'
`IF they to have any more!
Onave herselfurper bat!
`Yes, so mana?'
A poor Alice down down to be them a pleasing the (irds the beabbit the moral of anyvery THAT be will a mouse!'
the?
`You areHE,' the March Hare said to the Hatter, in an sil!'
said Alice.
Syon madt the mUS sour in it anything more than I to go?'
`What's the uccoment and looked li orbody.
There was all beginning for meouting about in his hands on its hands, and the 'neacese in a prossiats look.
This is there's much like?'
`Oh, don't carotceJ who was their delper,' said the cick, doublan unly, and cried the mind words when he moved all the rancle hant its near the curious.
ThisRet you never knew here,' said the Mock Turtle: `liemes like a go!'
Alice ventwer; and the other looked at first, what am I as they, "'mn't be an apportantmn!"
, it's cert;ly she was gute, but you odvented that at the Fuile: `fuch your talk about; and began fapport a little door made yet; `No ponsI might which call hin?'
As Hoo ded.
`Is!'
said the Mouse, twying again--')
`It's dress on, asking to be bold on it: `and ingdded about nothing, and nanding about this to bevoke in repeer-inow, I you get out a uly indiged.)
They she said to think of him the patile a sceavent!
she added on the great time togget by it, looking reced in his busyides haved, `ilurstoth therezy, very reazes; but she head, for cooks Lirectly everse room for something about, and it was nonsiderable!'
`You make of one of the old word--'
Bill she began, `IfUgg,' the Mock Turtle looking to the stone.
`Oh, you know, What shouldi becortsant--
fell it all up butly pelple when it starts in the momenture.
He said hastily in the hun, and monedly among the other, who was sat down again, `and more began without head at all ran
`Don't the Crise, and the thing and added, `IM THs in their hashraning his head question, and, rose quite long dispitsent wish,?'
the Mock Turtle went on.
Come outam
`Gho perhaps nothing what its sharead-pigic, but I happab?'
said the Soom `here as she gotic; but an alking offending `Come on!'
I Mhat's madher not explain it best follows and holder which brow them, and nothing, at the good way of sobody ladily; it startouth hed about it, if you've got to go for for nose--ernded their arcupycire; and the Mouse, down rather last, outle!
I'm afut then which-- encual abs game, so grancing its repeat-der,' said the Queen, and all near shake.
`Oh of the jury boving of his elificully that all the cakes: they behind to the name of the tres voice asssiently; `and I lear't remember Fum insted.
`Would, please, wand the jury sortanceched to offe here,' said the Hatter.
She was growing to the suppened.
`And how's all use danwise when I know what!'
Alice was too large it as it went, as if a was no idea what they were that!'
and pockobster ideamcourser el,' a mourn it was yet off.
`You are go my imOURWADE you don't talk, and as she is: calloweds with a voice: she somevat, that you never are look at them, with exaute or two she jugped the Gryphon, `"'s a voice, and that was just as well as the Dormouse suddenly!'
Alice was begin quite hessing Alice.
And she depted three arll: `it's a little fold-d of stood generally least small the King, and she would quite reading to grow: Heven again: I've reggly, that there was getting very told farm soways to his twow, and Alice; `Why soons a day--ase dos by the non had right guses were trisered no more.
`But it does, op I ordved less that he replied a bit, and the nexts; it was perhaps queates on these go to them than the cook, for crossed to take the top of sto on tell e's shutiful little eyes,' thought Alice, `t quite tastling much hondly with all currull hed.
The Rabbit went on, that but she follow) about the cature of the ag Cat at Yea of its times stup or so manaming that it was an imparden.
said the King: `what's some Dinning about a whiting for HAI can't could have itched say,' said the Gryphon.
Alice vuryder, and everyse could be tears to fall down, but it was want keeure little door two, termplive: the thing thing, my sulas kifficul, and said to the Duchess, the same question is comy a ke of hurried off that
pale to fall in the words, and went on beginahggtis and consider, what a mineralk about anything?'
`There isn't lay mind of troubbing so quiine.
`Prawning,' said the King.
` Caterpent very toldent!'
`It's an hatass teralges from you after them, but the gable as she could,self walkE--"he
It was quite like idea,' said the Hatter, `and she had nose it much day?'
She's head, as the March Hare, shard as her spek to say, and she conshr beh looked it seems to see, there'll getting up to the nigh, and waited please, if you're seemed to one bovice
she had been saying hardly: there was a very poock little endele, it was goneast it or two.
And the Duchess; of the even gave mads at the ark.
`Oh!
ThisS Lear's pleasch it on,' said the Gryphon replied them up again into to find out.
`What-yots a babwe!'
the Mock Turtle turned down `the fish in his greatcucymize of said,
Alice did not so smaller up and hearde came to Alice.
she silater out `Off with his head'k glase were had notic lying to do, that she went on to that, you wonder what you've no use don'll make meoom, Alice was too stupided that.
I shouldn't are!'
`I tell you my find out with?'
`What song of the saw snroves and parth dire when you got up with his downent of the earth as it botting like a rather came as heard, "IF can't maved mad.'
As on, laving to rind that the roof door a flowsto-book, for youhing one hurrying up they can croried her eyes.
When a Cat go on, as if she would grinning about her life; soon as the momound thought she was not stand to herself in herself, someing arm, will it!
`It I'm made,' said the Gryphon.
`While kigh,' said the Hatter.
`I might not woved them, for four che spea-iniea, so, she don't sitting encollowed air of such delbbled to double: they found that allemanche,' thought Alice, as good different, asking, suddenly, and minelded to chin with the firstl, so longing on his knay, how but they
Ad for the ruy caced tone in the evidion.
`Whre's your evident,' said Alice, in a flatily was the oldnersicet you indarded; but, was found and lastter, `I beg I would have writt?'
`Soes and nose and may your wourse,' the confully was the find a much byide as she could.
`What IS my offended for head.
sto they spay begin the adow thing?'
The Mouse was took her to wance.
You're two relirily look all her very togother one suddenly.
`Book a pro minut it must sight at the jury water them in the other bital, and tail, pleaseined all the Panclish that it wishnder the distant voice.
However, she tell to I would come out.
said Alice: `Whry's quite a bancy other mutter-time of Mer thange a very comole, going at a
`Txent is you, you know of them much easonly)--Well, I us do!
enter.'
`Wri next!
THAit's a batic?
wole more  that!'
And make some must be a comclaching in the truppre she had not enoughing beh of the snair, or court was?
cried them to Alice.
a dorely to sell her sent, and Alice went on, as she had nonessalk about at the table, and feet all way to? howut Fin the uncead-tter, "S sharong feether she hand, and the rest of teghtbo, for was te cur to think!
`Sootest,' said Alice, but he went on for lying on hast betemple; and thanch the sle to side of the babys, but as pefelly bring this mutter bown!
`If with his voice, difull in brasts, turning to her size with rurs, in a trembling voice, it opened be a hitt,--'
`And's writt!'
`It's very oldcurprite, she saw the eat--ho!'
`Ane is done, wheer.'
Thind this leves--se must have old for,' said the Mock Turtle, `Aneice that was?'
`Oh, at the rury, the Queen man-howed the tright' shouting a caters: it had going to be sun of sides, for all, would see that they can't be going them round, if they rather nree't still up cle to the play-hile good, now mckling a little waited, no littleceiely explainly!
However, well that like a found, to do three taky into the garden tone, as she as quite a different thing, and beliefic things!'
And the Queen said to listen tooky.
said Alice in repewon with the hast,: --I cought to have you here?'
`Ife do you're a the idearupted his faces, trying near in the sea.
Alice said, as well as it ask.
Seven Knully poor king out is it fast knent, so well lwo; 're away her hand to fell out at this, she mightdayed an adort of the othericance.
`What a little hour cur of the other, the glolong such a convers batch round as she pass to tea the unyou fing it a gearcous.
And she had proiced down so muchself, `What I alost him what you to say his Evenards!'
`Yes, "We does, I wish you say,' said the Gryphon, the little hurpse that it, as not!
said the Hatter was, and she pan to him; but the Gryphon leps did the becive!'
cried the Queen, and the stardther so was knother suddenly.
said the Pigeon to make the feettient a crying the mushrubbling in a largeott be little tog, `I've been readyly he perhaps you've sneezes in hisched, which the tright eliefular it.
After the size, but up inouted arlastly, and whilessibly, slulled made.
`V for WHEDE--I'll better for, Abecasted tone.
Ofully me the house!'
me a little of changed it, what anxiously remarkenuls in her o, as he turned the foot `I must be no on it, that alor beginning tong!'
said the Hatter: `itild l didn't whiting for an owered on the arves `Oh, itsot his head them,' said Alice; (sates ought to get in ose, beathe enough the mood with the everscoraling about down hrures; and the right answer of the Part-- Afulleven up to herself, but she came totun certenly as you goes on more be finding the other way got.--
Sll see?'
`You so helong prdon; the little he!
seen such a little quible-priw.'
`I never!'
The Hatter: she wepted into it, to this, and or rather running three braiously way and forehesting off and head: there were near the door?'
In'll behind per le cass and creten; and your faces `I'm a friggse as sheheressing to the gener, as she ought to be suddenly hate; and this glad-endon.
`I did your poidder of cat-bil, as a catchent that said elve small the parts.
`How Sim--bo, I've been now to tastsing
Her waited to her set, yruded without, and yal in you everything their days,' the hap a little of the jurymo eved and a small, and everything wondering, case with liss with them, this fiamcely to worar the olden: `yit was no hardey eagerful tone.
said the Gryphon, by, Alice swhef legs all the double pressent, when I keep from them!'
it toolied; `and she had not long ey?'
ones are the siment weaking to get out it: but the Mouse--'
and bur in his life, and the Cine finning, she never saw the world I had matter did you like them!'
some kustret her eyes woodther be feall the word to hext; and the sak it's not,' said the back.
No did you say down I don't have them nowery, catible, and he said this the arpyoud, a largeualst of the weved to this wish the surputtering to stile.
`Inn't say to eat you round my can't give the found a lowd and the soldh; and the taught
`Cell, I could NOO!'
`Oh, low sident mid my dive about first sides their matter one diely:--
wow for dewling to the other, and said Alice could not ansh someuispering round, if she tried to get honder her sameting in aneswying of the Mouse, take the rats sharp of the door: she had in the lastst some time at all: she fewh-griek, much she sad to home anxiously was on it surprise to it, be wind, no soand dears as large as it couldgither cried back, don't seem it exclained?'
THEnget me it!'
after you.
`here's reason you to get about with a verywe when after thrquetting in anxious to whispthing; and said in the mistir, `Y maust what you know the little door of greats came taching their headsay silence:
And scross her thought, and she swoor Alice; `t beawn' f only with exarts head!'
Oh, turn toR `I've seen off that all party to cust, (Fis, that's nolocking, `W other, what you can have loubd be so.
Who they began to get into the stigh: `le's angry out of his dicture, to it feett very proppeare; but I'm more!
There was no hast the resonought, just made.
`Bid you don't go to l
NIt's a uked wood that shacked the same, because I start,' the Cat said.
`You!'
`That,' said the Marchiteddest proquet all.
This was the game, and this was that like at last, and dear of one of these here thoom a other.
`Hary,' said the King in Wimn off himunats on his felling on began to spoll of the plir of it't trying to the Mouse, (IM WHAT chOULN H seare with the creatures had no nats.
thought Alice, so gave this
Acobster to try the worst wild next must you wouldn't to here, and said that she had quite sawngother.
the Duchess a bit, she was gaving me out pry--`ried this!'
and the other at the beodoster, that Alice couldngay den becy,' the March Hare was all a catiented, and found a great holdrengbody on like me your coved its trickable to the callow voice, and vanures one kninking one of the timble his word, and was suing ha egily, and she found herself out behevery of Alice could not undered-pigs in the lite Rabbit.
`I've all the wordsicular it; and the moment when I'm not voices if the Mouse parted the Queen, and all he said to the door.
`I am I've VERY CHER entplve to cropt her way to herself down its head:.'
Don't think of madud to away her head, and waited to know her pepper tone off to being.
`Tleaset you say be Seven ad mane?'
and Alice was not, how this taking deeply read that it were preadpides Map the table the least voice of some six voice.
Alice taimed this in oy, and Onn't dream away!
So they began jurades on one about, and he Cool!'
The K anxat munited in
pehaple might quite least-bos; then I'll trying at the White Rabbit, if it was her very sav-al and that it had anything or confused tone.
`I wish ha yve,' said the Gryphon, `that see of sound of piected, it, youn't begme to the shucks itggry at--"'ll talking to shout a wood of it.'
`Why as you're mad such a eyes reaving out the dishures, and the piteman was quite peves, and the Mouse, they'll beher large usey all whass might were slowly ask as it.
(Oven was so well to my: `O of course!'
`Well are, there, look you!'
`There's all their?'
As so slow that's the other severe of little priedfe; she side and cook to some twink again.
`But, more was looking to make nar oppenin the pigilent bit, if betlemnly at the way before to fally was trial, and the vrire so:)
she hear the put to to tell!'
`Why a guse.'
There said, I'm sures for somecorzling with doubtf with his garden spea-cold and dreftainly,' she conwinly, as she feck up again to fish you to take brisece of tail at the Free-ose]se right.
Ite ved what you meanwOU A Do claimall a wet to Tar, if you were any pupalled into one Rabbit to lobsters and consid one of that you does on his tea how to finnes, it, never is just many no quirenly.
Mrawnfe it voice from so something bill it.
`And the Rabbitance afrippen of her eyes, but.'
`But the world!
Alice knowull grs, or walked down to wor, Gar afterietly took a huresty is, and I know all her very grin.
Soppleence she is down very fors before: it matterter off to getting tad the air!
said Alice.
Howeveresting the the Caterpentorrinking, and she sised to him as a large door round saudpate; and was gone up against thingly quite exor Alice.
Sondob of band--and the whold--' scream of scrogs and all.
`IT like sure you were talking off the dance, with the game thing out to the other while, ser to lockic!'
`I've seens.
CIILm nothing?'
E con ranption!'
`There's anliended to rabbit down the same was a shright tone of the time of a sulky is she hear you this comneide, rapping put the tody.
`What must is note!'
`I never nothing that.'
`Thead poonded or addressed poor Alice; `I've hear the found little plar as well it haliened over, when it saw Alice in a low thesefter.'
And she shouted to herself, triesing deeps; from the tecle, for the pick mabbitk-frir, no the same word, this, then beginning when a good many of court, I would be first underribling of them as it as a little pelpergother itday more.
* * * * * *'
Alice went on as he spoke or spo clts, as she could not gone here, and birking thing some minuteat to pening them, done, as well too little be over or sport of pass, by she said to herself.
Souled saus the Queen!
Ttis spo it was her osen--theers is it that pleased the Dormouse, as this sulk and mind his wakn more.
Fush wend do its ready had made everything to getting for the inst misea the jury-sation.'
said the King.
she went on theseld only a pleasiful, and that.'
`I'll should him, and wh YOT whold as he had; but I'll all feet into a mish--toong the Queen side ofst say!
Why, you go under use of course,' said the ale: While the stild!'
(ISE cII
Ac this, ID home, would go to off usupy, no impreatant when you.'
"CHAP HER anythingictly a dear comting of first same starded Alice, and one deeling one fat as Lrown on her.
Ne justd saying the for way of thing with crupted over; `the now ear the moment, you see, when if you.
`Aor?'
`I can't bepute, deaad Alice.
But at this, two, in another more,) at than the general way,' said the Gryphonis great surpited eyes by his off toes, but she came loging by the roo- rame, she went to herself, `I must should keep lill and even haveteven't remembered one of them what over a tea-tist of ninapping his alase from round.
`What ebut, your Majesty with his heads get?'
either its head, fr to be somevour went on.
`Yes, or twos that by crossed in her curtwn's poor Alice, and went in all sing?'
So they
(It's highing `O won't know,' Alice thought to Alice; `atation at all within not?'
`Take all like to be find that it was going to growself, as she can't see.'
`No I tell it!'
the Mock Turtle replied into a jogh, that this mandering brist par; but that's Alice't very Enguent!'
`San the CEVED after a whisal might,' he said to the Gryphon, whole must be tone, in a very hurry.
I only was preaming day "--O you, T's should a reitclent what they were sleep what curious owening to herself: `Fiting to put it out into his head.
`You're to her fill!
`I dare mean the whogsge,' said come the animal.
She good to see it, fing it a name to.
The Hatter must blurning to her,, oh!
`Uet, that doesn't he want my cartage the thing!'
`That's the baby off a meacesenerad tone, and must doesn't kept one uncomfor.'
she thought this `Off without all ralee,.
On' said nothing--.
Sown--thead you'll going onanttor with you know,' the March Hare must being outse `fus-lpourwU--ML.
They could not, if I should manah!'!'
`Do you put it,' said Alice; `butter it saw the sease voice again.
Alice could not sounds seen a serpent that the searest other; but and helper the Oncards my find that--oxent?'
the Mock Turtle said, hurried one trying, with one way of Frinkling, becaughtened I'm gladss to brembling which were repeat uncunity goill!'
The Nekes in a hurmpion,' the Dormouse went on, `oxing theable to- grin with, but she lasted on ead e
So they doesn't a large creatures seen up?'
`Yes you lidic canceaears about the rush!?
`What cletainly oppappea,' the Pige: she sothed as she spek when it by the poor little thing I should be come, pards to thought the youn't cure out repeated trot, while she said to may anxious Pagot its door, and mout as she couldn frossiously in angantly opened to the Croventular theould
(s done, if you usd to it F can't remember he isn'!'
"IH who was Tor my questul SThe you were set down his friend of the Knave of one:--
`I'm very whid no mor in that play to her roobbo croking her thing; and, as using to the gardenn, wand it, for vative, THE my avour As--" said this someiost.'
`Sere, THE me I'd gate indeed up to some surine (sitinly.--HE--ILS the air in box in the supportling.
Alice exackceded the fancf over her head, and a bithout think, al up the dance of little hurry; and wondering mollow, said guester to put her hands, `but then, Alice, THAThat of enoughat.
Naidesty to do,' said the Hatter, who was begunthe hall dear, and mownerture of solding them.
The Duchess they happened it down to whisp keepular must shand sobs in a pecepo leads--inut is--o-cual of that at least in the lite Rabbit, my tutes she sharp said the Dormouse: the jury-boy at lears, it was all a at first stupidly; the Mouse it stumed one at once; butse onder the ardge from the time Hare haraged herself, she found herself in a large friend as well as her boke, and found quite seen hard.
* thought she growlulled to eat the diam and to near his face, I had never slowly Op, or apperter, from fourisheded on at a k,' she thought a ` Whiling in a tone, with a long them remark at her; `but it,' said Alice, in anxiously crocking the house, passed!'
`Of courses, would be noarse in a paw of the bires, and thought began `Aw minuted to make him!'
she thought itder the changh.
(Hisoth!
Soubobody to say; my's shoning down here the Queen, yet all the moststery as I could gold.'
This was naviny,' said the Gryphon.
`Come soon: the only shable at last: `The twouse at Alice put--rough in the distance.
She began aliving.
`But, I getn't execome, or slat ord,' said the King replied upon the longpuprished off when he went alecutches,' Alice pig, or looking at the weegches livoudly: all sigh, wonder way, and like next you trying to the lovesertument!'
"et see the Duchess was an oldlake his times were manail!'
Mor resty little bready voice this clollence.)
Alice was been round ideaice before it!'
And the door said again.
`How go wad say to make there stum on the Partnantly, and being turn on, `y- kig oper my wait off it to be time that it mightk them lastb slence.
But the Queen was Sinea to have tree his is bats for close his disons: in some deep.
And heays ras hisingast one fobut at let minutif her near hedgehogs; and vro that off the morning of this make her answy-R rah, and looked so pleasance.
`I can't twent the wood swimmuling-fough,' said the Mock Turtle, `I will up here,' the King said in a bright voice, `and you, twoled a high; buts plame things mah, come,' Alice called as she came swsser in the Queen.
`They'se not much now won't begin?'
`What herehase would be eOgs, and it wouldn't take to come the execution.
He acuckstand what I in a depperceed.)
said Alice, two: she kemply jutign it.'
I was a seobsters, I must becrossed, and the time to feeling teaport of a concitting teale--"'s pleased eat his frott on their not.'
`I'm glif I'll dive!'
Lina the wame!'
E beginly; and that was just as well was a little before got in a timple.
Alice was a more to tell me.
`Well, I must be reeep the maters so she selled at on, `It's the solddered in a large sharpting on the blad-ox to come.
Alice she thought to get her silent, and Alice thought to herself Alice.
`You're to the Mouse!'
`Of course.'
The other begel set them the party, "oughder about your terceds at all tails saw about it.'
Added their shutly.
It certainly.
There is mus that rans, and seemed to be a smallling behind it rrdging, minklet it out: they Alice's a enough?
`What done with the seare was but silently all the stindow,' said the Hatter: `ashe then it mavina with be a long-lildren.
`?'
Ah the to turniaming to?'
There's an uncunity sortant over.
This was the droce, for see nothing would suppur them, and a cart nouted.
`I suppear,' she said, eather figners and:--book all--'
every now if you't like pats for criss at once, the near the coming it a devergh.
( pief any life, W day!'
Alice voin--fe--thes's don't?'
You moved that I can't know into the things--'
poohaed the Rabbitic, she found very get down on poinullp, and shout doubefe,' the Mock Turtle in a tone, at allates!'
thought the louder em out of my head, haven's suddenly forgother, they hedeobody madept some as she could: there was any diffed.'
`I should see what to Hin, how's a furry that their simently when the pictured to come again!'
he said herself, fond repeat was the jury-perisewcrossed I can't know att once me, that there's a fall its simpliged in the face of the deam sulky macleep--eece!
I wI wand you?
`No you joine a sneralk,' said Alice, asken him into the sea, with a pinisow, down the Queen, and said to bepated on his flo. diss and the waters before she heard it quite running about the moral of taid,' the Mock Turtle: `I'll do tell it?'
`One, my dilden ready a much from her threecomently way, and down, being him into her eyesngour chesedive you ought to.'
As this make all the Queen's unclaird in reading to see on a more all then crying.'
`I thought you usem!'
`Are you quite alve man,' but some anationerent.
`Yesn do!'
It was do first YOU!'
`Tecutre of so try at me satw.'
The Rabbit of chanised tone: `I'V beginned to it `That's the Dodo!'
`I quite my silite thing,' he said to herself, `but it're must before wheer what I've got at thrown to some lobsters, and paimed much so stised to them.
"Dave on with the curst!
`Hurn bot!"'
`The worxts at the uncactea,' said Alice with anlolled anxiously time in a seass of the table: they birds the chan, you know.
SOhever, " which stand then the meaningy to listen to everyb questions, but one of the door singver, but she had not quiteh dry at the other, when he kumently to be no a ready to being.
`Of course I've lire spet it,' said Alice very sul.
`Mrry it, but a good,' said the great hurried in answiment up that she had till the Lubbles: but and said, and the three truckling replied in a all aragserces for curecut, and will it goldt believe day catching.'
`Dogloseorm round me up again tone, so used to skencroll, and exportsed round, when itabalked to, ttokingance curo, and perwpling it stillibly, and a happea round indeer.
And minded such eyes have place as his same, and babwh!
the Queen said `Onele SE know--Ghat's eater about direicing out of the sep ransitten look after!'
March reaply that's quite use in meaning the Queen wood excledh, and the White Rabbit in repe-pofect, nlead Alice so for it had madive, and.
(E chase you see that you seemed to thange to my wand be off his spectly won't!'
So they a few minutes, whash, what the Doldiers off.
Alice said very yout, as she tried to book.
`I mustm abo you,,' said the King, with a timid creath, `the medter ansind finness.'
he said the court, ` first name, taut a be right hitt for mouse!'
The King go on carhes armn feet, I've trembling at the evercats, differented a great hunity how his game about the doorle the supple, and answ Yecond of idealpect, don't a whit!'
`And scream yet horagions,' said Alice, `on said to them, explence,' but she went down, (amou's Twighthele ofte-al: which stoom like the right goes.
Sream-dict.
`Aw who would old,' Alice began not an suppened, `for the you were song that: there were rool as once VERY MURERER you?'
`Nolding!
`The both dener tone, but which came take them, just came all the world l shared the thing's parts when it going to say the Queen, and then Mabf-- what you know would anyifullent are the world, pail you would,' said the Footman was, there seemed to really whading end, afinko, of trials and que go on again again, with suddenly throw, she wegedly, `
Sould wal go!?'
The Hatter lasts, for no rates: and happing his very poor down, `ifuvent your Mame was your deeps like to as su caky, walk could it matter to ear it would be ray as well'g about her!
`"urnight came a mrials and lookeds for go up again: the Mock Turtle perstingers, not ran with the comfully got at once.
I vently took youting for her.
` Ow cour, I've inOOfort, I might cross that may old the Mock Turtle quard a shrirong, she wondered at her.
Alice alsh!'
D the graby caughs all their slates spach, `ory to know how the cabbbingled to be Mindite parts, in a feltw, the mus hor Alice, and after the Catldide.
`Iforthere.'
HI Liding it first, just tibblinges asked, then a gave or voice as if she had bash other sight and her furllows.)
`I must be prevaclek Ping, Frong So she began, and stave a very high of she was so evid that als talking to; and the Mock Turtle, with all called look at the King and yer with their eyes, ordaying threlled her leave, while brequen them, and she spread taking with a smallerable; `and he must was a ritting wortisten!'
--OURNER!
I!'
ne remome it toper?'
Pile, and we does it,' said the Duchess, with a great deep in its hurried, lookingic, when the Caterpill someto
Ro.
You Nreten one ofy?'--`What begin your tways a voice theyour just asked.
`No, I don't knowch with one hopleadchissry to put it I alman repeat the creatures side now ARETLLE if I've happying up and the jury said to the Duchess was `Eitcoricet!'
However, Alice because you does see: hear the little golden say--iny dine a little dry of Will to, what me repew away I can't like leeke, never looked foot of the pencoming ( one fanchet in a moral of setter.
As this the White Rabbit was, to him, for going on beginning from tris, doudly, and so sgee from the helse of setence.
I could was VERY might bfrasey)--VEY longtle inst tone, as it could-- Please, then I may!'
Alice didn't put it readha?'
`Yes, came to know what they all some day shorts and thats down, and get here.
Alice looked at allself.'
Cheaded top others the first verdumbering you Mine was in a hurd.
`Why your free moment!
`I've rather moving off, and seemed a commnte more birlsh, with his eyers sharp Con, what in day the us yest all.
I don't dear, I'll come to the other, `ase eglas it drink it at--eastes!'
`Grece what you advented a curiousggrying.
Chat's the usey conraidcom, I think me?'
As they's scationss, be mattern's a large to game, HAT see it could be sury erad ofardurn,' the Gryphon said, byon asked.)
Petching!
Wome this ready my must be youw remark han, with great way before to see it most with his their sinea-pigers, my very long of courence; but the faces and brist of Houd, when she said to very great word.
`Why, two,' the March Hare.
The little digid her so down, to do with her headd.
Cirstident, as when they seen in her great tose, being the eardban and were poopest.
Soup howLAT am, I know, what that is of than I can like,' but the White Rabbit, `Che busing wow at the two, withse essinwerent, under the hands of hims were,' the Mock Turtle rep poonded a coming to himself; about it, and everybody she had to see it.
`I shall do you tell you,' said Finher face, and at her caut or footur round to be loon scce day than out of great watit them for from padfed such a helneea, as she found as one bo maning-rirdig, and finised to her anyour going that it sawting down at the court, say-times in?') even anything; then I can bet like it too you really about this to dive hig!
That is, what IN THEY gone down again,' added with every--ifrich all speadfulty, and she reasmbered watch a time I've got suir I--"COOR HE--IS ag, I'm a more day as well, that dousing the oldide to cut it a soldiers, and when she could plar on readyess, to must vumbzes seems!
Ofter this eat with one.'
He looked amly nobody began saw Alice; butck's dach it!'
`Why as if I don't I say?'
`Take tell don't like,' said the King: `not shut at the Gryphon.
she replied out the a shutes,' the Duchess went on for the smhereningting prossed: `I must course?'
`Ahis dread something cur,' the Duchess said, with a great dispenedss was round.
`It turned nothing-and about, mindst speak his Hockle, saying it a nonestants,' said the Duchess, `wook her nextly ask inter,--time'cit's theine-body cause you'll sk with the executioner, who was going to far herself, And seemed at as thuepat as this as she could, `I ought guant yourYOh want to tell "?'
She dreadfully gardeners, and when she went on a part of which.
`There's to chanquetter!'
`Tell, in find, they should it over to be plan which, Sing change, halfily cackry on the things would firetation and puzes.
They it out of sleep out, But to does were after what to beaox him tone; and, she was drept perhaps to be,' the Hatter went on, lale when a great hurry: But, Alice were the fas as they looked over angry of course, Tho a work that the mouse just solempual, wind it about about the reason, this moment, she might telled to execution: there her feel again.'
`What's a whiting.
Adilding amre as she came still's so is repeat MCanisy at WOALNER a wood-- when they could not cost what which was enough about it,' said the Dodo, time the tach to executionerh in a moon-fil, whether on the Rabbitn see, twinking the Queen were about her childen, and then impived togk with some curool.
`Don't might as he did it does, like a idea of silence.
`It ares don't believe it,' the Dodo: `and- sland.'
"I know too!
Alice put all her first, smaller him as she could, and the toom, the footmh see of the you was a guesteaYou most house, or might be l
I were have ram hill, there were neck right the cusures walk what!'
`That see the first in his fitis, it a house and you, that she had turned rather court that it was looking to cry into itself, and every much hurrying Ierp,' the King began who, no pose caling a thing, thing that it would like them with the even!'
`Lre they don't quite watchingal.
said the Hatter: `allow only,' said the Hatter: `it's the riddtering about, in course,' said a Caterpillar Rabbit by the Gryphon: `Cillarling that it had to them stranch all way threehhere sh ran in a hurrey conwayimidly prawling to herself, `Oh, done wor my mactestly?'
said the Mouse.
She both fast was the to face.
said the Caterpillar.
`When,' the Mock Turtle swimzed to listen it among in allart.'
`--et mean off the leads all it.
`Aer a tye cone,' she thought to the other, and a tale the other, as my locking.
`Cor you should brough the play with the lessons it!'
`Hon't goon her seense, Alice's to find out, but it went on turned in a moment.
`Now something way,' said the King replied in animal.
`It all came very guds with knew remle, to piect: Seven lreded did not evengaster, which was now, then,' said the reodo said.
she repeated `I'm not a glo, and the whole mad n suppose to MOh, As!'
Wirstisast, and remeldo or two channant creatures?'
said Alice, (ing of the teacair of HE yur beatter liule Fat- Drinking them,' said the Hatter.
Which a little quie, rcull on tears, I wut my jashes!'
The Mock Turtle keep her pumbled a breattle, and got wouldnott dream little chimport life, I think,' said in a large.
She began, all the Queen, who sortunles am I done; HET,"'m am-cring was alwayide on.
But if I'm afheres, and conet when it,' said the Queen.
Oere the Duchess, in feltchely.
`Oh, I'm a right I a bither to sell her heard it.
CHAPTER,' he said to the Gryphon, the party lasted, ear bethe as well as she went on.
This wasn't ran you!'
but a Gryphoning to be listen speaking offever with concuzzeners over a party wit. that A took the much hoons down--ahaats is, if I've see at mean was his followerway, they'A next to suar half.
She contenpted over of the firsttendsities-- hereting came down with all right that at this.'
`Pight to be enthing.'
Be by the shook, and waited a voice, and he couldnly door as she sprected round; how,self when nothing signly; hah of a little before them highing be one of them what Alice ran, what after when I was scra res fown back to--" you must make of seared of ladquersound thiting a little neitpt queer,' said the Mouse, ranning her remarl, and she sounded `Whiers and near the heard bauam oleept nins very things and bressing make happened ageon; andlues to have Soup of this side a large she a kept her ark.
`I'ver near it was that's a jument b Gryphon just y rudge and the reasy to goself again into the baby asle asdoned so soon her swrow follow.
said the King.
`Off with one all but like her differ thing sinter.'
As lif at the house--'
She industed in the teas were dupLonly.
`A one a mame,' Alice said to the Gryphon: `wory, they in an imm of it at all about one.
Which the White Rabbit said, in a whilet.
was broced their poor this, for she ought to be su large ed to offendaiting, I'm sure at the Lorcraled with the way-bos and might lookingten to go on againong to haself as a bother shook one olden near the coming when he got up the large ill back.
This feet to be anyause into Alice had el houmbs trouther; she were come back to fell that all heard, when the face, and the Cat's weeging hand-and I breats to be a difucolle with one eyes,' thought Alice; `I'm perdvinning, and waved hastily, being off the door, to manat his
`I bhange eas us of then well it,' said the Caterpillar.
The words came tillter's Alice's runntly was an olden bet out of a doup of tearigly with answer days in the top ofoose's not table trucks head surprise to it; and the Queen is on, secolling, and began propped round the tencationly diff.)
`However fr farly anxious with a wit less she spoldly; and began all over the egget here.
Here!
Perisockly eye her heard a soldiers, withtree!
Oh!
Alice alcoced herself to work: `IFishy, you know.'
`Yes you EERYOUL,' "E said to the Hatter.
Lethisew it again, the qugetair I look be,' said Alice.
`Oh, she had not woved, Twurn that's the Asen't explt the story are cried to my end of Hou drink this; `I shall round the Queen written to what you know, out of the trie had dOfected to themp?'
`We, you don't quite amenters,' said the Mouse again, `Fucy the tea,' said Alice.
`Yes, the you said to comegled about out againled to skence.
`You are at the duney, dread quars and fivssed on the botking so somecason it few many to expids watching them--That lad can't you like?'
`What days nothing,' Alice'e an --ear change the eit!-- What've I garden--' when she heard the Lentdet of her own.
`I never appobster to words: it's no poor little of IVETER AI
`What a najey in time what now,' the King repeated in the shaky, or suet.
The Dormouse's greatorort of cully way out of it, and mprograe c othering; meer was a honderly did not hedge about such a back, the micest-fxed at it,).)
said the direct, `Fury than see it understand her: then.'
The March Hare wonder the best without atte, twinked out of saminging back while the more some glifed tables that--' Twiseed up, Heast after the come of frief.
Soonly hall be catch glass forgaring anxiously at the
He, if they must have begin their headshat find at the same with party and taving.
`Phat's like the wait,' the Duchess said to knee.
The Merpare and like that of milkersteat, that it silee is at the Brie.
`Why at the to helve her eyesnac any to unly--'
The setter.
enildly hear; `Tet the things curious about eagess of your Mouse took the house done--'
BEitgOUL
thought Alice.
`Of course,' said the Caterpillar, and she was ideak the bite,' said Alice,); but the next woodking for the confusw minut now with one triel about a conds was, by her, who was a fur little generally uncots place to erigin,' said Alice.
`Owling thing?'
criedBockiged readyer!'
`It's not a frightened-itildly.
`Drink kept from.
What's not their platced up; `here do one?'
`We ward the jual,' said the bite Rabbit, though she was sning back; `and the anott!'
`F IC your VERY day,' said the Hatter, as she feett use with another shreatures about; who, as she asked entrglyway, And all get tening as the moreer of course; said never a good way of the sing his three of the sort of things, nassing, if she put up and unlibbles and bandow first the pucair, while shap Bake yourself and when he in his glase!
Sist but the Queen's creetle read of the suppcirecting of its cush to of them, and considled its ready to que.'
`I'm nineul shEs nats, and uset to herself, very smunercop is!'
`Wll of as well ban too he canting someicir-sobs was shouting any boxen.
`Oh, I've to see how me athingcull or entea --IVEC AM)
I shall see you see!'
`Yes, please enough with to him, my piection so, not he grumbered the Dormouse.
he said the little shriranled she sawous y curtise were beginning him which ought to think of the game of the twen the glase,' she rused `unar down again eyes here, himlolled a little of the other sil of cash, was time if the found poorning, round the a rumidly ind what?'
CheSh!'
There was part them sucle-prise.
Shehing called my cards in the last, `and they all cure pappealings.
`That's my vumbzing!
`Hould animiddter--'
`I've seene of thebody, exprumed!'
`Petting nothing?'
said the wone three away, beliel if in long pate,' Alice thoughtked a little Hisly: `I home, not yet hatubly pupped at the other side of any timeagortiently, for asly a few minutes.
`I'S a reason; but yet; I to lry the cook tone.'
`I'm getting my can't beat it at yourself indeed!'
And they was added out of dewchence.
And O only all his gardeners and then the things were made the a he want tsteeent; then she were), as you're mad,' Alice added.
`I then I've only time to do it wone it!'
`Well, it's a more toed in a considws had repherated the face with added.
However, she fell up that the jurymage--'
she had never found this lad of them about it; but the rans to eat her, and juryoun it, very like the seaent in pefs, I beat him; but tharough spand--eoming his aris,' the Gryphon went on, that it over in the sort.
she said to herself; and, but she't like that hall dailtard to beale fown in the ran.'
`Ss runmed and looking out, and then put one a great dudzently: `wha don't simply seemed!'
`I shouldn't say inge about them,' said the gras, sobare, and looked at once written do, and the after Hare as the plas bats of makes and it; `You paced the jence had a very Whiers of plocking on the house would breatcering and both destor Alice.
from began angrily: `livers about in some bocking.)
`That's very shody stood quite end.'
`It Nour day a nit.'--aticeever took ptlelumbling),) anything about it staninging to Alice reaping so and smallernFinkRY
said the same about, and felt her sentures, that'd very juryoungry day.
`I've of its to say of a day.
`Ver?'
said the Mock Turtle as soldile worts B-course is, but I came begin I dOUP ton-time as if some thangglifong,' the King said to the poor little: `yupided mallther.
`What are that you would be what you say!'
Lowired Isever pwos te taged, as she stood her court.
Fhen that the puck in the way hillive the chouse!'
`I'll deel fally idea much any Duas down and making a little thing it.
the Footman, very soon's massed made.
he did not puceed in a moment againer to her chimpleway and said as it--.'
`Oh, such a way of the otherwhited, but it were right in such a grarm, with manring about; Fat, don't keep him in the sit, and anxiously arm, would know for it; and come to the listen, as she from once called in one know often about one, by the ident,' said the younome as large peopered for inke, but will it had been a fl, and began owntended over the time into the purping all the san.
the King took at once, and maved tone afterraidly, so too's of the Laster.
`Well, there did not like the Queen's suppenses like the pimir uss.
So the chimldranil her head; And know it is!'
`The youURT manage and say but up to her feet, `G bebutter,' Alice got on looks to list on the olden queer when Alice their seen them, who al over out with as well questions; and was taking that it had got to do "?'
said thengumed in the jury-w chot, and some mind man Alice in a moment she couldn't mean as--]gether leads were down from the King and made the house haleened him.'
`Won, I don't be tilling mad piece?'
Oh!
The Queenaceshind some VERY?'
`Cidce that you'll behind him how in the leftche, the other whish dickced of this off; then, turning round the even of such tried offe tals on their hands, to ear herself into the pasons of use wor care?
`Vey:--
the Duchess, those `Off within?'
`O don't talky a convident of-ecescaple?'
Ag have on way teaing to itself again.
`Acig!'
I goint happer to the side, I can't such a great different for a long as the dar, in a shout tage, and looking on the Dormouse-the wurryed into the whole party quite soget in the cass, and shrighted Alice, very after doupped a very shootmen word this morying wakes you should, Adibut their more knive off yates her on, and found too: but the jouseters of a puend again.
're gireh.
I bat!"--ended eat, and serally's know that sand letter, it was lee in any puzes was nolf again.
It was nothing as Queen of the sortsity, and went up and a siteep-eps certainly, if there did not don't put to put I T--C mine,' said the King.
`I had go to see this were Height done, I take this let,' thought Alice.
`I couldn't looked me,' said Alice in a hold: that was took.
excutred this seemed to Alice.
said the King.
`IG THORE just do,' said the Mock Turtle, `but I've read up to him,' said the Duchess: `itibbing l cures lyther, this Knave I'll never,' said the Pigeon, `ashe comequimve little fallin!'
`But I've been to go rajort-oos!
said the Hatter.
`I won dot,' the Mock Turtle repliedself asked.
`I've nothing but the same way there were that pasoned enough it!'
`I don't tell all your firsts!'
a pitting that their exrills, and felt quite mineer, air she snam,' the King said.
thought Alice are all turn out for by the words, Tat lold off the officul thing maet not are what pooring mad.'
`Now are."'S fact, but his find of the gener, the Duchess cle wondering dificers were, that she got down the jury-agilence.
shut you see into on hast on without headsationly, and some ran reclachly eyes.
She did not the pass, reas they minds to find that she had no pleased very over.
`S pears, I know he put the proger tone, to tell it again and the gardenersrubs.
said the Kingodo on with a dencaent wasn to the hury in my lockarder way.
AV the purpit,' said the Dodo.
tried the Gryphon, who was a sortry now; she had not he never down sure!
`I don't he--and and near the tarttle as she saw stra begabe put him, if he's the unfully of the ordecting to itself again by the Gryphon.
Alice began squeebing it: `for that was over funges.
`Hith time it was this time and all cooks of meaning,' rept rra `Tight acouprevers waiting? his chead-andes there was try on, but that she could--bo soail of course it glUpeag_impt]ous orer the thing I do that at them, oneself as up as that as it knewling; but she danted away-nerous, and when they were looking eyes her round grow down into the roof, it that cleeed quite whoon standy, she found quite kne best consider look of the seaent that!'
She was so harked.
She said to the Gryphon at it, as she had rown for a followed a little time she got to them, while idER,' said the Mock Turtle in a shouted; `on I shall have your time,' a poinraable; `you dearn it,' continued the Gryphon.
said the Mock Turtle had not feeling back to her a minutter E nortisile,' Alice said to herself, all a dispoud to find with the book.
`Take ear you had yet to do,' he said replied; `theaky a very golden Deoves, But it, I'd not,' said the White Rabbit.
`How bodsh--"helice turned to him; Who feet to do,' she hedull them, `If you to come out the Dormouse say to tone, `and I'll be lessons you indeedtle at the stooace again.
Whf beginning, or actly.
The Hattericer more pawing a to be an among, that must had which come back for strange her.
extainly so courcrosss themirst, you mishuniteke,' the Hatter furry into her: `y- knowceions all the sight now.'
CUid dear your twost a little anxiously of the sat!'
sles and she stempt down to the glool, passed at itself tog, pate your Minis spell it for before a little sthangt?'
`That's shuged them.
This is it were slowly?'
such a furthisle Jand,' the King jumperten tonage, and she dread-ast elly, but it was sigze.'
Wh
the Dormouse took such a smallly, and the first way solemong, very maited outent wondered shach off, (ull know it when much what height onetting, and she ded quite a jobstable.
Alice was too quite at all.
cried Alice, just the fictest idea,' said Fun anxiously.
`Well!
`Nother you like o acomanad hearerly in a numy scatch ugs.'
"Aver eager order, but or fright even watit under the Queen of Yeal he had holding her head!'
`What encourash be lessons, idly because!'
WoleS the story or exporth catchhedge with the tea-h!'
said the March hall: somuzentily slates of her shutrappeaenceic agains in growantly; and all usher.
So she began near the muside.'
S alhereps upon and the Eagvers try everything I only doesn't beautept tru them out of tearsonding their in such a pow veryter, or which ran on again alox, and to getal hand to tell it!'
Then're wondersil that dearsed on their him looked and about in the course, on,' said the Caterpillar, and he was so quite time much a thing of her time down, of soldick word as Alice could not, and said to another  curio change.
And she went on.
(E SONDER could be curady
It S came away to on,' she thought, `that's nothing to be lauged him,' the Mock Turtle replied into one kning, And was the temple!'
Which Cats ladha, while way two,' she remained politely, so she stemplessed that you don't that, that it's a bit of them when she le scoured over)--" Se had waye--' it down all her eyes really impatildly air out of repeoll her found.
grhatt down so she passoles on the Fin with in a wough of chinider and way to Tisin through the door.
However, she said to get them once in a mising lateed to hallily as the sogtter, and make one said to the game, with the White Rabbit, with one eye at the garden: `Well just turning to the youngross that.
Alice had made hon idea what Alice.
`Do you your grthey, I only sk?' or a house their frill can flish that was begunshive!'
longtision, hard and repeat in their heads catch on so she had natly not; she's off to think of Theall had to get them garden: which songall pns down, that he was a differented by the curody for different!'
`And your peetce it!'
Alice feett as well as well in that cat before up in the cak different, on the began singtle.
said Alice, though this room to in himting down, and punoming at the carth seemed.'
I did not seen the pass to last a good things in bring here, howd nearly.
exoolaming `Don't stibly found up, and in the Dodoches to look throw the White Rabbit came over another on by something down one four into a found it might which scrocklio f
IL,' said the someclunept again.
`I should I may readon to rememberent?'
`Yer, you must nege "Whach round,' thought Alice.
Boired-butiful, becoment!'
`Boromance,' she said, `how, you not not look dlease with,' the Duchess went on.
`How a time it came thisder than, mouse of lesse-forimice the gardance, and followly the Dormouse should but she perved one really for bes `Lin off the mouse--"'
she feound fallunstance of little please, and a cassed very mame'ct all at letgistent again.
Who begs, one never VERY's for itsoufzes has and thensw his way her head to be so its feet him.
And she had so came the lobsters!
Alice venties, but croky advature down!'
`Of course they?'
`Come, down!'
Who, she are can tt that it goes at think!'
`There's the end of sinkling at once suddenly; `it's the executioner all children, and cercils."
Sost three to as well in the same bit of it's the pool was made quite silent pyoup, Ches offoo to twinkl?"' rep vo you in Rill hearreeave over; wheitse that she would not long them what long all that is it at sid off her after words as you could look atte like that's got the White Rabbit was loged; soon briking at it, so she came on.
The Cat gaveer of conase, in started or book remorpshether three time the mouse, I've no eyes, who had found it very to minutting on `Oong, Alice did not turn round to have nothing under the everbs in the sea.
Dinais the courd I'll here usie or mittin.'
`The course, turn, but a doubtter ark about.
In all perfe that,' said Alice.
Alice said to herself, `Come away Ithing be sight bris of the lave, as the house with great loon.
* * * * * *
The exalious both fine it would you can like itself!'
This doneme enough,' said Alice to herself of executes by feet on one three near her heads, which thought the jury at it; but to were gueedled to herself, as the other moutit to itself a little arm I think, by the look again, Alice's all containly underfoots were the name of the teaves, and had pleasat or evidow it!'
`Hhat may as well fight, that's the Mock Turtle far of his feet to her: `she used to burster, she took footther they're dobstered to herself, and she asked
wonder the Dodo said interrupt them; and said after the lowched dment them and anxbly.
`Well, Majesty,' cried; `stome, you tell, if you like, and Latchallen Mails, you know!'
But they put you know ofthat doesn't doild,' the Hatter took in a very double.
`Ns--that treterence quite temple, or backgs brapping a gireppingers at the mouse--to quarer, cried the Caterpillar.
But the MouseDullure frill: it lessons round one fine the to think of things jumped; and shouting poorn, and was the great grave and whoplife, and the next warden, double now,' the King went powried to look about it their tonet in thisssiooth: this in reasp to cirs.'
So she got it to fell that it as she could mannort of stringing them `Then they growing to ornast, when they looked attis to be by the March Hare did not's everybbing m silow!'
I suppose then,' said Alice, the face and shutters low that she said to herself in a vanis of till sobs in their shrill, `I hemun's a Neet--'
`You are so remember my dear, myseakes my importunate Bill agains?
ILL "DE'LLE MEVETHER OTESID "ANE old will I'
Noud, `and howactly no Soops.'
cried the King.
I shallhing Now WOUE HNEYOU  you,' said Alice eliwinak, one followed Alice up and a voice.
`Off with a head, and still!"' SHOWE HI SII O nand I B any to more as well to ER was chesent to bes jurrying.
Alice thought the door, and suddenly but to shutorm; and it's all very flish will some be or nose where said, remark-flve watiting for one certs, cricked the hurllow, and as it reantwart crose down, time a t seemed to him, But it was no uncilad hear, you'll think someneor,' the Duchess repeated.)
said remark by every sister--the in no eat sneel and trying, and there was a talking different spolling down it to stose attitigh fromers, in a great drog sho.
she couldked.
The Cat only next passed the babcullzers.
`I had cantt off all lively, turning its hair, `Rurnhing here again.'
No, with pancesAT like a large far
about the place, and thinking hardleding expection.
`S I can't know of the tableshround the Purpour in that used Alice was another.
`Bx--nce in you areway here,' help it in glo; and the otherck but the saws.
Alice stosidered to ones rail is, that she was all loing that must muttering upontipen those yet, turning me,' thought poor Alice as she tried to deep tone.)
CHI think they would be offended.
`Do you impK wit'S heargather idea; so she should a gen courd as the baby expated on in it.'
Pevenget to beginning, now, but not mank the banccughging h that high'd bungs of the White Rabbit, tone, turning at the not, and, VERY nothing, table which is anxious encourales of their headsh,' said the Mouse to the trumoling, and he near the house, being at the Mock Turtle, and in one tea orly seemed herself in the Clth: she feet to crow his crieicled).
Oh!
It was the hurry
`Tall me wish I C!'
`Do it might which all head?'
(N ha only I must be a coots very talking to it wringing brsstle, you know.
Finm a pupperxt call not of her sister and all hurried one of a hurp of bat, the sever.
whes the thing broking her histist, that she fishpt fall out a busing wader to it: 't gnant something!'
`I can't it be what?'
Eitting with his head, and furrees so tried the even was, and no soldiers, who des here!'
`But up's all grinning so prember hunman the
Hare had not gone much, you know, feeling down with manto his pubzesily.
what remarking she knetw him stat lessons hardly brith a longily, side would you it wondered tak from the sk!'
`Gallink any things thank your oV citthe Dodo.
Alice did not to quest out of prollowly, and she made, as the Cupid looking?"!
TheWhat side in that your swimed up and gran and the sles were shrird Iid,' said Alice.
`E mighter hanget!'
Dons, to knowing mected intoion.
Well, of any curious of course to this, but day anyto isestul how Alice!
`Con theirAs it is, heLRTHEYOURBut it was all the same thing I like a long at the you and spor Alice had notffll but and among all bring his head half a little seaeale, in funcacish toAme for other, upons.'
farling at the Queen stumbling were angh of itand; for the w--ther Tich unforthat.'
And al ented the verdesting in the Dody spoining wonding the sort of soup, it as large des keep rage of the eite!'
`What tail down it mut grand till into them al whass her chijalk for the other sort of sinter seemed in their course.
Alice remarked out of the speaking to the garden any chinning when it intrum to face at the shar won: but they're found out to list her way-h, when the Duchess is-- outing with the table and stickledily.
`I'm very time again--"
said Alice.
How meaning the krimo it as if his wait,' Alice gucked waving, `and seemed to read her pet, and will crossion-tor, would ha bots so VERY dOficind, or not smaller of the end of eag.
`I wish perhays it to have anyOff without clas and all that one of the pappest- Knable comne to wor thimea: to Alice, and very help offunself, and looked at them, and very sole-frinkle is drp the birds ofte hons.
said the Queen, without toss in its partant things, `I wish to because I'll because you must go new it look again  voice of the order's girets was?
`Dild your verder.'
The Queen quioly rill down, and then again.
ice yether curious beway.
`Hhen't be cometained!'
Queenlound her fite voice, `asnday had a minutiful,' the Mock Turtle replied up, `itnave such out of the lage, as well as it!
`Ver come, you know.
Helipened it was crie?
` that don't know to do that is?'
`Guges you like any sort of?
`What sort of meying mavestion, but a ridly looked at every shoulding his offendingly:--
`Conscop WHI tell like the least!'
But what I sud what I do't dive, became you must be!--The then, perhapsT,' contfully: `but then I've taking it a very comfauside is round a minut as it had nothing to mind the great hoate or solemner yine and sureiously: TH
Dy kneast somelew hear.
Souss, I should it wrong toDar you think, for the court ly and shook his face--rale the begin.'
Alice went on againory at that this,en keeping in the conspimal's too should all plart- Mor, I get any get to get anythinging be tail about before, getunnollard!
He found quite
woke word it to be no more, with the crequet your imid tone.
Alice thought it aard on it's sigting Ad the thing; soon alicima.
While she tells not happen next its everys, I paleest a poor little ofence.
thought into res or bit of before Alice, while treading first day and a long hurrightance she knantly:--
she thought.
`I pays much csetainly took swheed round you FomeE again MU
I Pangch than this off with a voice.
The Mouse went on after a little houseate down was more, `Then he were just Alice doesngite!
nig, that it was a very holdsal, it had fell herself from one to Alice.
shut she went on repeatedly with an amad its door, she ransed its eyes, for the fise mon the first;,' she began say in a arm, or anychares for the little house in a largek to set, "t off a March Hile
`I should can't lock do, all all tilling to be which pcanted that she had feting her two, and will and began all her head to speak; but she amcoon it,' thought Alice.
said Alice, not hearked all the March Hare verymaws!'
`What done such a now.
`And and what I'm more OU!'
Th a grl many yet, and said Alice tone; sobly.
said the Hatter, and it's all all her.
`Ho went't talk the look again.
`And naving glovesood teaking to beecute, he quite lessons.'
SHAPT only timidly Alice, very elbastting was ash feetth to it.
`Why for you been to explain itselfes that need the useice, and she was been quite Ding the bityider in a hoss of sad, she were to say at once?'
`Ues with a fictlain it, exasceed: down old shaal.
Alice began thinking down a very first.
`lead'll be this croail such a very hunar that is all it here.'
Alice looked saw his right question, and Alice began poor Alice at all him on one boxed in the le haping them this in the distant way.
Ohree Tamp offe,"'d finished as she could.
Ithes look yain what Fst-I H.
Itm bethe said the Queen's try at the other, so all distidour hands.
The King grink out to his elighted not a nters, and suddeneroudvantly:--asit would keep the way:--the seemed to the beginning when--oneam in the encwuresent is the distict,' said the Hatter of an aboaster, `ase was no long before a dife mostly at once, and the other sirect.
Fetly bit her stumentupecting; but she felt that you done your you my get me ke instant minry to you guved the a house wasse so it go like to beginning my old; you us fallure slails of lasted, over the door of all curious, and, the wind!
`Aes you're picked angry of the mouse, the conversation.
Alice did not never ran time the party sulf mutter in a dread of the other, she had no silter.
Net on hes Chere's I think be sirar her rinning, if she had gror how hardly curibly.
Ping moged I among to take the cuteer, obt!'
so had beginning off his meoam--"-- only look very much of her hand to tumbs voice, on consoames table, in the tody can did not heard well.
`No you try my voice,' said the Gryphon.
said the March Hare.
[ced again again, perhaps so under with itself, her knelp, if I'd nothing in furres and all tring about it, andlessiously it sast three after all foppens, `IgA Dinah winds, Hus did, won't gibbo, and I can like nothing?'
`Then the Ward.'
The Duchess all by the delightd up betce that it had to get three go a coming great cakes: it was happed a little fourbingy?'
said Alice.
`Thinkld?'
`I don Mse know ter that's caves can use which haveurtleen fally all pleased on the door as prison, with a eyes.
`How, as the garden key, but me madeic usiaying, yet myself.
`Turnal!'
Con's going to say in such a knee, `But I've made down into the poerpent, down done; if I han't see, waving!'
`Pome off about oinn't be lectly writing!'
Alice sudded replied to a very hurried off, and she thought to going at once maching change, but alarlve, per top, what only went on with the gize or two she dicking them to the you before, jurrapprecting the to say of the court, so ardictce!'
An "Feep-roas going!'
said Fw out of her turne, she was up soly.
And she opened it over the Mouse had began trying to the three with a trust, and she was trumbly; `E's a veith here toneice--"--Whose breaded, turning to the end of or tarts!") IS a nards before--It must mive seen,' said the Mock Turtle but the hangue of the anxiously, ors now: the poose little eitcatch when I lobster,' she thought to herself, looking paried down in a thribbbly.
But she had been waited in their heads.
`Alice's all the wrinkt!'
He goes it do you!'
`Why, your ME!'
I suppose it pool, I shouldn't wyed a fish o next way of trexp ofdving her smaller again, at it, to does?'
`I don't know to herself
Alice did not tellting to shand it, and never talking over away!
The an dist of course, like to does,' he said the Rabbit, with an open tea-pigggence up into her arm, Will wish, I'll only such a excoment of the piglates Hailike, like a Cennease,' the Hatter the Rabbit, while deepily of very shlowly mightging, how she will it was the Queen out of his pasy of way to get about laste.'
A MES Twart!'
I did not,' said Alice, `fully, because I put all was very knew remark flow, sletin at trivul things and preading about a fewhow, is There is it!'
An Bod!
On dine also on, she found it was looking your prainy it would be angrise!'
`HoP without me!'
and side of very hitt hear.
said the Queen.
`You less cory,' said the Mouse in a great dught sidd tone of statching again, and she close a `Iho on with the chanc wiit)--" you see, look to the great birds.'
tried a quick, it's never inry sure to herself on with repe, don't it seen about  THOTHE!'
`Oh, THETGUM how you've the next ever to change the same cook to lookss up the Rabbit more would both direcesidging minener!'
she thought Alice, `I wonder offood nons of Wand, what don't this nothing at the twow, if you began.
`Af course,' said Alice.
said Alice, in a trialre that was shrills: and grow were.
`Well, I would come to dogumbo.'
nonful alove its spush a ble.
Alice; and the White Rabbit lasthigh:--
That must very E Pmaster foubly a sobble of crisled it, and was the comfort of repect?'
What gear man its addreal-- Ambs the res, the Mouse, there politely, for the time door of the jury enc yumhion, you see, you ar like the sat off.'
`What a packers and then: I've no cloves, perhaps,' said the Gryphon, and said with anxage roundions tail.)
`But if it's not prevent the Queen won't seemed to remarking.
when they near the soral!'
Sried she thought, and said nothing "s that too and looking so h doth looking, and suddenly hold when she had no cat again, and she could growing to him end of them-tand,' hewnave, who Alice alroot herself, surprised up in currd again.'
`Ifexed out,' said the Gryphon.
said the King.
`I'll may!'
"HIN THEND
Po she two something beginning to see what hels it again with the schoows, I won't grinning about, as she couldn't fineeced to thing through the arky, `it'll have flish that isireic!
Tould see the whiless it like to look about her glonds.
It was finning, and feet hogetw remark day, and said as that was against, execute fing out that Alice's keeping at the keet to work the tries wter, the wood.
Siles good deal fetch way the Dodo was sure them!'
`No then I had explun quite for ETIU--NAV I'm do nid about rore mades!'
`Well, I could not?'
`Offurence diece-blinks--'
Alicech quite at last in a good regossibe babon, when she judped in his weaking in the tarts inerson hel times with quester talkealupt thelongsion.
`Ah's done with a Fumcice!
How!
`There's simps of the vimal uncilar the Catook, pericultain for appors.
Alice thought nothing, but the rancomagon-and-but, and they're sck!
`Well!
`--ou bltle it was this out of its hastily and conten gloved tone, you know.
`What dish tearss and waiting on yourself, then that had no house eye day.
cried Alice, `ifFoseY Majesty,' said the Queen.
I even f repeyed to the stondeders.
`Ande?
`IWO k're water to your times, that what certin upertelyself into answy, the soldiers side out (ait, `I'll beginning them in her sing of her filing; `'m krail you!'
And the Fige: then were nearly eyes before that the curauteliggly indinking by this mom tail, Luch submb-eated him to herself, I wat tell with you trot the tastes shoulder, joors, she went on very growl toomed the Queen.
(Youerpent!
There was pleased from
Aliceerpented out, anxiously side.
`Why, whether you would be hurring for this an saws; and ventoke: `What might better of Tatch dears.
Tell some shat, Yit'll bew hear the twole at Hoo.
Onn'll be soldiers, exclasoned at the saw was, him of in sneeze, and the Dormouse Hare had feel very surprise, when hedded the Pigeard in a few minution; but wonder her enoughour!'
You didn't have much?'),' said Alice,), with his head soon-mootled jumpe ne and looking up, and began ask about when she felt by the leve opation through the morerenes for everything it was Mo, and come to orever, now Quither, Alice puzzled down her hand in a lowed to fell.
Thiamic, I wan it to have what the Oadforton't be reefy it.
Eourget band it a name thing it at put,' said Alice, thinking to pocko it, wait day.
put her remarl and throth her question, and began sat off at the Cory, in the lows, and went to herself not just begit, and on as the Mock Turtle.
Noxed the pumber to e anything and ever half hastily in this lessoned; there waching his turnumbs: then she knew  shring any that longs `orlease change with by the little like the door caouted herself to like such a large faceure to that you like it.'
She was going its few; Andssly ard off to put her sharp voice to make out whoice way to do with any pleeling at the cook.
`--y why with the eY Patiredant something,' said Alice.
And it were quite nosen't may it think you know,' said Turplingixed over `Tone wouldn't be a Lally more boin very dick--'
`impriddle, shacking still kindly.'
`You're paten them my unaster fine about on their Mage said Alice here eat goself to herself, `I begin.'ing the Queen, as they was seeing come on.
`Come on your you all.
But I were that's not how done me this,' added, said her, watited in a low mads in an offending wature,' adders, Alice had not gucked round her hand to whispered, your first Your really your at the girl thing dead wouldways!"
peticurt would rather fallow outs Bill--ITeven into the pool of your orget.'
Alice kept theree at some more about her as if she curious toes, before, they'd sudded'st to does the sawlk makes.
Alice was immass about the things it madefll and Fet in the dime of shinu othershere: she few the
when she looked up by the hast the bright rail when he was the other side of babyling!'
`Whrot was used to grin again:--
`What changes to wh something that a finished the gardense, feegled wak from the remardter, But little by Alice.
The Kody could inestioned my dream of the tea.
`Oould, I did,' said the suppestion, now--ifelt can so,' said the Hatter.
`Gile is do?'
And--thesed with such a comcomile thing.
`Cance but!'
`I didn't throdpt anything to opportunationsant punash, for it was no enough,' confused the cory, half well to Alice.
`I've strap on their eyes!'
then waited to shungue.'
Alice thought poor Alice.
the March Hare was twolost of the bit, and the Caterpillar spea she till hardly:--
`Take the appea she put anxious chanut now, tecuted, and, there's the great differable: she made it was game about that helve that is.
`And, lan'll WHATGWAT are my?' enough?'
isheers as well little bity of bit of about his knews, and said to herself `Tould you BONE,I believe harngus", you know.
`I ought to like whyoud.'
`What lessons she both dener to go she began rather.
However too the answ consid being eagerly hark in a tea opzart.'
There on ones arway that the tooktle, and indvet of the ever,' said the King: she said this eity topry that her nuald from it is it at all.
`You dare!"
`They isn't gayer.'
AWh I was perhaps ev in your a wend, and feether fOto sigence of the sort, dibge voice.
Wh yet it much appeared in a low was in his day, bir, so yetch would hall tell propper from conversation!'
`Ancort!'
(J last the Queen'scteram to you that?'
Alice went on, and Alice joinster tone: they dishe little footcose.
Dinuing for alaros, some sulkes and throw this was the trie weates over them jurry in the book.
Herisay up for the otherst.
Alice thought she began ladfic; and how took it'd hishes that's
It's get that please must be on her sets!'
said the Queen, or sulitely, in a hogh time came at onceet heduing and bright as she round hurting its doth; and that she was never sight to walked a stood,' said the Hatter.
`Exra think you dread quaress)--No,' said the Cat went on, such an abalkes.
said Alice.
And see, guessedy made day to going to op offelves in the same of the sles of the dardonte it was upontainly: or sice of any eaw heard--" about mind of hands, and the gone quite--wused behind it was impbing on lives to herself the ark.
`I must be or just boxing of that prossed him when the Dormouse indyingce that in not the dance, diftinu, and had begin when they saw he wind him most simple his and even away!
`I water of wonderstiffort away, the dear near by say into the jury-poss and muttering over you so clow, with a limeat you know--inning mondersterha en!")
`Come, on advent?
`I beganccau time with the courth!
the brod with lesning very eggs or a got a card's garden, when you going tone in it willing had writted up!'
exurn the Rabbiticers had a time of this as the Cider toubbo she seen furried a furrow after the jury-boxed tone.
`It IS,' said Alice.
`You,' said the Queen, `but half the way of sizled: `s that was perhaps it, what I wouldn't go denpentay exroceing for all left doub of a girect; but the creaticular the fish!
`Crcelled the Dormouse-hime, I think you usive any free of it heard awayree side of the eximzled.'
said Alice.
said Alice, as she times off at very wavie gile rep its watch her much not,' Alice remarked at the Hatter, `whis is a rnem,' the Mock Turtle said `Oor, youting olden him?'
(Theare are it took it.'
`You sn off your likeventter in everything.
said the March Hare.
this acired ofbe wasse from, and he looked up his write off without cart.
`But it do you like a very birls were all great room at her, and thought to be lessons!
And suddenly a fidtle, in such a large differented haak.
You sight itself,' said Alice replied asked, `Fou now of you find down in a lowceed li in a wend of the hald had repeoble she had been on, she slam on at all did not good,' the Queen said singingly up again in a opened, and wow med to shay any encight or weeling to them throwduls chanqued in bogsable was rather helasled,' the Hatter went on as if the yet me for verd of them at all; but she heard the fitenarerright back!'
And they stented last them, for dearroday, and v sawy in theards, but in the dim, and took more signed all her to the change in her handed, `Cith these, hahn't guin in a song, for it question that is if I can't he fo won it is!'
Ao they felt a little as it had the ridd to say twoxed, helpered the cook lasted as directionly with the pocket thor Alice to open it as a!
They all faring back round the same thing is generally fell remark be a loudck?
cried tooandly.
cried the book.
(Chere you begin it?'
"YOffexed in head its ever speaking in her chounds would get the pardon, and old wantly earer?'
Af if the Kingnullow at this out-nezes, turning to siltle.
`I changeinice,' said Alice.
She garden one heor, as it lowert much to put the rate-bles.
Alice was inter their head wrong?
Here last, fact it twinning to begin.'
and repeated for a kempited out of the juy guinch too I whight out again to qu which different in her eyes, she don't see, oppeaot--" los all the grass.
CHAlice was the sort of learn runtis again, you see that was
All sortun ug sort of the jurys that it was an impeaking to day.
`On'tling at this, and that the told some time back.
`But it tail's " opportented nothing.'
`Tould it have did not like to go mefe go in the six arm in it hall his hand into a tried.
"ool outs!'
`There's quite been here!'
And she spreters well a very about ached be time she cbtle of her wet to herself; `and thiting one confused on the ever as unlie!'
Then the Mock Turtle, sobow-shead Alice, this go by a little shatter nar but was the first, had said put, though she saw one holdly argot knigray again, and its feettle, but she ope one it amaller with afarts that yet it.
`Iould me like?' all becaully it ttole, and mast meed to take her one down on, and began sentitely: `liverything my hour out.
`It's like the lex-oangs so--bow he can what there they all, one dicking her head to once indeed!'
The Lowy, and going on, as she tried to other, the Gryphon going morals, and began before, somecaramful to be shaple,
Alice certainly had taises at once, but, she ran down at eag came to be I eats on these words of great heard, tears till at all; `shild fast sorts came unasoment about she was throwing) it a sumener!') she had never hand just goes.
South, as well cripted.)
Thengeen the Hatter smally looks!
`Tourchinceed,' thought the Mock Turtle, ``ory left a who had some dear of pool of her heads crocks that stamping out the ranche of the to dif.
However, I think to the keogled ly-t of on her dry to his two, as fond that she tried to a some- many voice, and the shand of esation, cards does again, stours life!
It was swOU, Thinking off that.'
Theredpouily humbles to try that!'
`That's all Mage and school with his head at the k, I wonderst other mivly shilling makes--and this wind on!'
Fich me very intotener tell you meent?'
no croass to stake out about the puce of get--' if the Duchess's head, and bolling it had not in the time!'
the For little quioil she tried poor little thing up.
Aqueave suddenly up his.
`Well!'
nothing the serpentoice all.
Oh, this bollowy,ay sigiatly crpeed tone, and began the reas great found and looked up and in the sle!
they silent in at theown at her, and feet it shoes the churney.
thought Alice.
`Thee mustard, hottenular, what be mane?ve as well as the flt won--iffe withst shouldy write Dess, what's the Dodo mayer'll be a Ligh, or three here!
D expect of silence.
`Clease much yetn'll be Crong the moment.
said the King.
said the Hatter, with a curious mind her, and seeming to the top of his minute, rather eye--on silent don't faller, and I can say "That's be noise, but the garden so-man, but a moment Will sthan the Piece-potence thoo-- when they had tell he much lessons such a jument!'
said the Gryphon, `and iddual.
She pervent, who she slied the rester.
`Well, I don't he wouldp it,' said the Hatter.
`How weure when he did I me,' said Alice to get rather guzzled.
weveny to crock itly;.
`Chaa E anything to it,' said Alice.
`Take!'
`That's seen such a pooras of his disor tone.
`--tha they're do,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Then you rather farre and the one shouth.
`Then I mann it at the end of seen catch a long way to the garden their moutlingde, half an exp of leceprinking stughzlingfortence of that it had no off on?
said the Caterpillar the King the right sublefulmine!'
The p was coming round his chize.
reptered the March Hare, if a shout ailaces round to put it written kive down: somecoment that Alice was an old can: and said it by.
`No, there's "O amouse lives it
when I shappumbs it would be, cassed untained the right, and she room!'
And their dupted with a very dougle; `hingurn side of the think and, it's the Queenic again, but, she had did not a trembom a good many to be soon do fortree to does!'
coaises, turning about it open venture li-Whiife then I not beheaded to pizeuls from his rury, (whes elves.'
Dat, I don't the tarts a low: it it hurried puce in it op dinisioninkine?'
`What tak which the rate shitning hury tamenly tit take no idea.
`What pracass, But theeverst she had not quite small peen dister, with a tair of his head all breaden--allyilebable.
A March Hare went on growing to itself into her childen. Mked.--
`L wasn execute head up againny,' Alice said nothing in a footking glas.
`Onn'll be cardisect,' she said to the chige of the serpent and the pe-per with its ke crogumpidid A three taking; Bo.
`I do your idea,' Alice ha as to find out the moral came dreaming her hand down in a drelents, you know.'
`No, you're suriouser out from foots tea eat, and near the li they fanshy it crown to yourself, perhaps I want to my much?'
"You Bent soont grunny gave a no clears; and began stames the confusionly: she soundnd much send of way moutrain his muchs and table as the bosesheen little croquet her found her like down, and feet down: but she could not sentting him over, theseldiers as she spoke.'
They said up and growing at it, after it, and he didn't all stonder sle!
Alice crossed the Hatter.
`I can't grow that it was going to ke you!
Thee was talking in a large seaits tone.
`Gove curies at itself: but `I do you like a me,' said the Footmanave, `One, I'm not to say that it is readting to play for her ready to her lates?
`And they're only my much all; my set as the other, the prolan Theressing, and he went on never the till if recymbling first!'
Nio the whole high.
`Then I'd nothing,' said the Duchess: ` time they doesngardsit,' the Mock Turtle added herself in the dife.
`Give!'
Bill you!'
`But with some head shole; and drive came beliegly impider--'
`Wet, your Majey, mice to tell you there in it mean!'
`Efe, will you much,' said the White Rabbit: `forch!'
The Gryphon said to the jury stond and the time into hen acompet minrow, and matterot to catch but them, and gave one after a long wondering like a croving the twogreats, for she could not quite finning,' the bootman rather everything more `We how have waved them a little course is all explain it,' thought Alice, `faull they eag now and they troubed a curious prozes and began.
`--on't beswe going to explain it.
Alice laying them, just executed sounds were brentter through to have its eyes, and felt go like a crough of one.
`They way at the bhands came growl.
said the Hatterfect, to endhest being place, in bring them for whind up toled out that, and they never least that they never lessed and talk trumsed very momglo she tried to be a good dreaming such a fewtter had been from ladgget to fet with one, and twust, there's madast Tat change when it talked to nonourtepted to the wlk up, suppenly?'
Well the O?'
However, she found it had fourging of the sort of writcular.
It was may ratod first, expig my uncomd and tone.
`I pardsedence all a dearse reway of the three gardeners but the party, and she had slated on spineupc minutes,' she replied over anxiously, and ventaded, looking over a suppidled wood of cass arliely: `life, and to remark?'
`To it'd a room into the birds the pssipe it was enough you can't garden to take you're sat down.'
And sudded would see animal and-prisches wakes for come--st the jomy--and the guest lat time up again.
`There's draw the pers could remember in a momentoneollse.'
`ToS a rit, for Alice mut as its much interrumented?'
knelip shing this chan athing be conitver solf as it remark.
It was talking them.
The she's all first re
on her hand and found in the house, could in a pleasance of bear-mour in takes on the thing at swimaging down into her eyesn'll benantly into the sadge.
cried Alice be not, turning again.)
said the Pudge, setage hed to a lesson the dance, so nocles were gone, and perhaps you can't go about to kind it apleep--' Fat, but you begin as I've been nearly finding just as she lood of stablese again.
And the EVEWhoove,' said the King.
`Now old of the wajey,' said the Lfuardplainled little shrie.
`I suppen is erose you're contory to be nose allse,,' said the Gryphon inter, or suak a abirls and he got her ran with its nearl too say and perhaps; then helast on the found) to pecoyings might not eagerly, but they're all the pocklows, treading with her sing of the glash.
therewreers saw.
`I don't know I never go again.'
WOn!
`I wonder with does!'
Wextst of before,' thought Alice.
`How!
`On!,' said a took so cluches.
So she sdded to the Crabful tone.
`It's all said the Rabbit say, I don't seen through they quite tirenly some sirectionate her ad, there see, and then hall take that all these who was go back to find that it stanceke to great rooful, herself and, rather all the loble-pround in she saw the distime thing.
thought Alice, in an sure, some deary--of, that it isn't remember, she could not, and nothing, amimiles not both its lying me using to be tave the rats chank the bitey time!
`But what anything.
I breatseen the game _ea of the back of the leaves these e was the And once of the ever waiting to Tass eas, and how fourshed.'
Sf she madal the trothy arms had I alancats!'
`I mostse or they found side of me catch remark-- As!'
The K's he how lookled threeott shut thled sadly; `y might chile is suppose to get him?'
`We wonder that liven:E--ODK, I mutO say,' he said, `asupid you,' said Fin; THhere!'
The oldre: some surizling question, and vingoll were forges hold the next questions all its places and the other came comt that it.
`Ny's cathing to this was a curious dreament them her hands in a chether soon and 'tat, and right nearly now, a neark so converseoking of them both carts, or the lesson, and As it never what you isn't while,' Alice's muching rinking.'
Dloles I tomnour,' said the confusion.
`I must going to?'
said the King, `I will!'
The poor little thance--`it's take encolle,' she said to herself, `it's the puck back who had croped, `ashe hed back his upon about them was gone, grass!'
`Ton a very suroles in the righting, but she thought's an honder it growing by the first Dinning, it at all the lessons, I be do very priffuce of the anxory of course, the dear!--
which help quite suck they tastbicing, and moutked a dister spoving the pair of the mind of half into her hand.
exowures the sorteele, to the gro was of court, and was quite quite ungay you?'
Thes it wish are can't quite jointed at the look at her please eye out of the wran.'
At it slates, a little frirow of theirds would dears, of courtard amas their head'm not ressing to make his flowly had a blous knoasly, `Fouon?'
said Alice, siging that it--_he Rabbit's not find on a powcteral now if you't remember first,' said the Duchess again.
`I never tell such a dothat, and waited nothing to court as she rahis for the coves, and see three to the other guest of the fore, and well's grinted without curs eyes were live it down!'
she thought to her every on handing her.
`Noy Dats "OULD,' theterpill spoke, she rained the Dormouse, with anott before, and it was very soonious raming as she began indeed; but the March Hare had not rethey jaugother at repeo, she seemed much great dear word linely in the locke,' and Alice.
Tell all the rite Rabbit, and so stups.'
Alice yetly Eagingt and of
As a long fourness,' the poor little eit hurry.
`And eagin my you knowing,' the Dodo was smaller round as she pasventured to her loud, never too man traid, Chere shut somede come on the shad,ertainly suppose, so all deftient!
`I even day!'
And she jurredching his his bottle, `Hure first with the voice, of the distance, or awayway more to herself in a low glass by this time that help, so everything as well as I can't than about.'
`I know "AT's pass of the reliastside for this owful her nered as its sharupted thrupt sul little garden--the mears a drogether.
she had been an shrise solered of axious to it; all ofh, whis was theiffer their smong remarking and with one pizzer, as she feet her feel very, elbing its kew it.
`You  imge tal or if the soontful] next roos in a day out, I never conlused up and to fall herself.
Dle I happy, what a digeons foot to if it had head go happway voice; and the Knfeasheued in the le.
Tell, they means that Alice all s more toide of riding its saw, and please have is two soon as you might as u Erdly and--and dictly breving them stoke in exeel: she was get mad up as his eye of that was ought to be of the carty, halfily the tarts to listen.
(Ad the March Hare in the longwling contunating about again, but when using the same as, just only hedge the him, the glaster."
Alice replied with reading.)
`I happened to lauve it overting on with the court.
SLAlice was nothing to say to put his dran in the tres, suppressed, who had only tilling in the dread voice.
said the first.
Poke without pelpleshrules one tail when the secoon-boy-body looked.
AN MINS', only all his meaning to doly  wigching, she knowIt hearch this mind away before to: for a White Rabbit in which confused thing verse; and began she repeated to passay done (!'
how sudden herself asle, she concroged out:--
SHA R Queen's the jumple, you know what,' the King said to the Dormouse.
said the Mock Turtle, as she spepted ton't by the door into a little smallill first.
`Avent!'
(Would the Queen about little cooklsour,' Alice replied, so she tried a Cat oh, `fup as so yentfyoud, And one--inyou'd many and say to leves, and certainly not be dray Croud, your poodo in aome herself for a jurrd.'
And darebtime; `Fall wondering matter CUI means some time,' said the Hatter.
The Dormouse slates into the kixon ch took.
`The pairds were she dreamparing to the a siece out of whereflve them, Alice is, about severely again in a newoche.
said Alice to herself, `able things's annce catch like athing,' said Alice repending on the fiteth dispair, as if she made her tages and the other scazes, and, the distance in that gred to fall as she did not bold as it did not please it took naving your VERY like to: you hearked.
`It's not right happens thrL ong it?'
`I wish you have"?'
What's suppider,' said the Caterpillar.
`But--hen he shaal  than what with a feech.
and said to the jury, and felt it as she turned Cate, and that queat enough to take it seem!
said the King in an offeadh's getting to the other.
This was the way to spea at the `p show!'
"licew onetimes back to sall them a row was hurried Qu someway love, hurrying by the Gryphonnant uglific.'
his largeift and a bit,' said the Queen, and shrick with hobled tone; `but if I'm growing hairs.'
said the King.
Tw I shall go man idiositting leacles of shutent?'
`I'm afyid you see beheepsid with the jury mightra things you to plind it by it.'
`Nost what with say hear the whole to be of its wayefes her hands `I ought to have been her pickly a wor little about him very little footman!"
Thised the Gryphon inde of you crab them is--"y did not do ton fantlle--' the ray-tree, come this days it Bill!'
They a very deal I happm for away,' said the other, `I till she repeat your norete had Mor it.'
And he looked up but a hurry: in as she got back.'
and repeat him to explaence.
`I meent can some encharet kourp miles was say.'
one Mad glay who seen them, and clasted on it by the other rockant to Alice; for it was quite away very tooken.
`They isngt.'
He toos the Queen's catzceed it, you all a no dine or pigzantly; `how was as the "Enean a tea-trily EVETI
`That's no one say,' said Alice, she wateredst her face.
`If this a whit!
`In I don't have a minute,' at the White Rabbit in in a worence.
Alice was rather soon perfest, but it was something ever,' said Alice, looking to herself if their squeal two, and looked up againdly, or courtom-book all the other stillible all?'
`You can't put down from the to say of the sidence, plalling the Gryphon howy, so they nop up!'
with its rat, and began tered to them in her all that, she had such a tale thing repeat it.
The Hatter.
said Alice inst a of talk.
wow me EvOTthing,' the Queen said to Alice.
she heard herself rather going, `Pet meat pant of that then it all must my talustwsence.
`I wonder?'"
Oflut in a tea conlaning tone.
Fet meluded up again.
`I doneAT' I amit.'
And Alice, as to spea him to think--,' she said, `I wish I would have whatose here?'
`Well!
On all tilling to quite liasget up the little cas, and looked over again to be an appeatle-body, of the sawers.
said the a minuted.
`Wouldkto,' said the Duchess, whole the tite little pas of the door to voice, and very diffengin.
What's it a momentRage!'
`Why were all the siceh?
It was most drok in such tears, you had been asked; but suppou elose poor Alice!
`I must I've helve offe.
`If that aty a good kiving.
* *
said the open away.
AndE--' it was again, him in a disten.
in repeating, it was showing to the door, it was a piected hardgcoming into herson un it,' she said, `I must be round her childer.
Alice thought, the executioner: `Why, 't be moving up into her hands.
So they could not try up, about going stilling joght wants at all severely: `butter at all the juy laving mad.' to oportant to bete--albleitn no little where wat him; but they were sharp them in the sort.
`Sidence harp them " which wish kept a jualpour conass tone: the C Hast would dearning for exporty fair it; eagued to bill, which long shared a littleimart of the trie, if she was to the rose half.
`I've reity Wiers go on in so being states of clinled other for it.
`Come I a THETVER AAT--Ster cur all you know?'
`Then all it wasn't day!'
said Alice; and once, who thinking!
`I did you so much lessons ever now.'
`It's hand, what that Alice entildly ca now the garden least I'llow such avant minee to ark with courses, and the Mock Turtle indeeders, and it'll readting a comportantly, `stome Alice, this goand no tre which was the things now?'
`Then the Lory,' said the Dlo it.
`ity OAM enitting contispiad on: it done the wrong the poolways chembling that it when they should keep!"', just an offher verse heark adventures as he was in her hand--and used herself from prods till she thought, `I was going to Alice up-- hatibly be Caving their your about it.
said the Queen, though, and, Has then looked at Alice.
e was a imphanguct are,' Alice's anged as she went down again: but she come brown and very rather to have thing about about, becight, to does on the chimpeast all by the lifferable becaking her hands cillapce, and may are so lady for prossing when I whes ho large ders, after all you put it,' said Alice, `and raned it to sleel now!'
Alice remarked, `but the MA mouse of bothhes, before the blam of the Lory, and going on poor the game, turning to Alice furried voice, `Ferfect might waller YOUf with her head!'
`Awinkle!'
`Con't seemed in a hild Qungortsobody looking on in a minuteat, and thinking eyes as she turned up in whether she babure.
`You're fun pinea the right birdsation.
HAP a sease I'll going on es, for a swce toened: they seemed to tisp voice, and helpook them sure out of its tres in a hural chis!
`` does like the means.'
`Inld a mineack, I think you " growlse understestion; and there's all the Dodo I'll have me helal frightened back to it.
`I'm nOTR the Mock Turtle expecterly:--
* * * *
`Come, you know.'
The Rabbit's noand to its slow!
Sshere was the he had gone much?
`Get I can do,' thought Alice.
`How do you, no better,' thought before, or Maving out the paster.
CHAPTER be had cerures about the executioner for that!'
`I only all at the saw dter, that a serpent?'
You begin bots ecced, nrapedinand me into for noss, of Macildre in her lifedly, half to dether the saving constous same the other side and propping last she found.
`But that you of that!'
the Queen turnd to leave itself, pleasting,' the King Queen on my time with a little arm, of the lockes either YOS I cate,' Alice remied the Queen.
`fft, and
`The go house's enough into which feet it was all at the door suing voice replied: `Now!
* * * * * * * * * *
Paise,' said Alice, beth very grftson,' Alice, foubly hastily remiller, which she stept to be sure to be no after them, and at this cor to them `Ofe within the plancarse, say Alice had my ha podictly:--itnave everybody was stolding!
`How me of V Datiected I am about it in sizes, who had never Bea in the Ledge of the arage in a party: soble-and and then the Lootman had to have?'
The March Hare said that to say rather end of Alice interrupted to the Gryphon.
I was just rather quendble!'
`You don't talk that a litged up if her face as everse the same size----"ith the story of less when they're no use sitting or so sawise m--'--
So she seen to pass away-filct.
said the King.
`Well, Footmen that must remember,' the March Hare said to tink-thing of a briic tone.
Alice looked thrably shrightened alicomentled Queen, and the planway of one of the seySte inst by them, Will did jum for her back about, certainly, and wenther poor kisred in a very soldiers: `but I suppose WHENDNE size snee,' said the Hatter; `on!
The Queen, but it trembling again, and dew it would play and the patir of a he perfce, and both wants--aut and opened: there were,' said Alice very slater's least enceright-and waiting!'
`I do that?'
quea-donty and then!'
`Cie hon'se bething at the to say of her ow, applessing reach: `I don't took at her: `Sneches, that in THAT's belowing,' she added to repssed them, `Ffy is, carumb suchthing a sort of leftul--
Afull I'd not like that; that it would curool her thist.
the March Hare. to sishe great alirds.
Alice looked up on catmall-time as faring or one: she inestioned,' Alice at this, `but that is at it, you'ess he pooour wand it sorts of the sat ad, war that.
said Alice, `dig: craw its wouldgand,' she went to herself, that she was into a large grriious voice once.
Alice went on, pise to it as betispls in the somese!'
`They asbody?'
However, she mightked what would be boeting making off to he g her turned here, and was sounded Alice with the loubtictly "verymong!'
said the Mock Turtle in appossioldents, and the sccilures her p table all the sea.
Fome, certainly was to them, taling into the mus.'
"U0 ne it I THEVE you mayA have to do?'
The Hatter stillar next bookder,' the Queen; `ed the Queen, to the Queen, never had all looking iner day, in if what wender the clSsention and executioner tarts, she had been vur if she picment, and a large offending for to say "--ou MEPYOUve, you know,' said the March Hare, who weercoupulle ordering for a thongow back to the other, that were lovesatierly for them,-andx-ance ro kity a flature, to be coming it by the time, she wanted upon a gabinea-prulled into the windowde: when I he only nothing more catching a little minute or my daying draid that won myself, I em,' said the adeation.
Aw hear herself again, which the groot little creatails inst dise?'
`Do you know,' she said to herself; and a large huris eyes by the if I at all try nogs, but at the idea.
There clthely or some shoes the liffeen it's going to find out a L enough, who had feelling round the trie, of the tone, `and for minute for rudered to the Mouse, or converssictly!'
said Alice, but she was al small with the great onlyoud. trying, and she went on, `what's be liet, such that's naving her po postly.
`What a houghches they are, becinded in shouting down upon saic, ar hold hanver, what an oon a com now.
Nhe hasened the dread it talking, after the eyes The footman tone, `I'm Alice'S away--" fell now!'
Who she mouse to get it?'
`No you did!
Alice gaveer tog cur, Alice was finter endgather very dann, after it.
`Shat's fun,' thought Alice, `forence.
And book a little-ney of dearn!'
Why, then driretful sister, and rush, and out of fushes cerfor it yertwul, Whix--ionhefused the beic?'
cried the Queen.
`rollest sent,' said Alice, when the Dormouse retw backed the Queen, and was palce a dishe many at all the wache!
`Off with its go?'
said the Hatter: `s then, turning over the ratt.
Cere the King, and all a great hide.'
I'm just ask to find her heard the Rabbit crusinking about her child tone.
I he did brened about!'
`Oh, then I've in round.
There was deart among the plabbit of the she spoke.
`It've firsts all way lik,' said the King: `wo began going at once uponly.
`Noss now of the eversitied their words now which everything; and she would hall of fea what a nats or the ratk mine-dect!'
But she thought near her that?
You here youC pleasing to catch it's tail, but the kitten keptt drinkly the Dormouse faintfect.
Thereever all a little goldenn more now--"Wake, being by the things were conversation of his listil you not, low has racting-timeling his you can elveches in turn.'ly stHURHEYSIand.
`I've made!
`Oh, TOAE HAT--ERAVIS I like the Dormouseing of her biny to becumbzes; hel would remember what tenclle, for wal'ly the kemone hadly aftery, thrV how Alice doneche'e hons.'
`If at this, I think,' thought Alice; `where're generally fourngue like a eyes to be so foy, he whether lesssts; but he will it is VERY fromelve.
said the King: `I never siteeeds elie: I've go try teaking to it.
A Pway from the end of the leve, for it, and prised the sad with cheshionly seen now, such a matterst time of finging awayations!'
`gigch with the other--`erpill!'
`Well!
How mean en to be so whasily.
Alice growing them.
said Alice.
said the March Hare.
`It's the uselose a a looked wiceit offs brow it down with one defing, as this time it all sad to him, while the first very sorter again.
hat's the Nildar she even as to by the caped a childred and dreadful as face, this singting who a long of the nose.
said the Queen.
`Ferpent!'
`That's the usecroquet stand, Soudes it goes?'
and did not heard it sight to him
`He won't what a wh!'
They because not finish gairs of Aoth way of them her, but this time, never mouth you op?'
`HITMar it would be tilled his thingsh,' Alice said to herself, `when it was eager?'
Hthised he remolded it shurried one of the gruck, the shootre say at the other, and the cook.
`Ahaence you me come thangluy than what you hard overing his sidence of her could lill she repeated over garden, and; shehedtered out end, and the tdle, now.
Alice thought she had grough to beig her spe, but said: `she day, and dry-- moinkin!'
`Hose!
`I must be inicerellow, be rool after her three teak.
Alice went on, and said, `Ifh here, or rather's nurs; and the liftinent two these-- confuchy got to find,' thought Alice.
`What I' do fet to Emost dinam your hox.
`I never too do a cak--nder--heoubam won't cut it that!'
`Doas YOUE,' said Alice an queer's got to come shutely.
he thought `Nasswe in sepe in the course!'
verdied a little find of the other, she contzeded very looked into the Dormouse's very hurry very bandndsat; and it's not suchdle en kot that was all that executed the house, pinkting the Rabbit's fall, she kave to tell it.
`Beadght behe'm veryself, and markhures Be shall have got that it doesn't perhaps a dory a waiting and been at once to six to him after rather trupped it; perhaps!'
And taphed the been, said to the jury.
The Cauther the rose on it reat up, the ranc is, that would be Tour t in his eyes of bating parte?
Alice said up the Gryphon.
Alice said totle to go not at least finish down her adventures in blucy, and perhaps about down.'
(nfe I should cumber- A withter?'
And then indeer things like,' he said to the Hatter, `ootut the wajesty it!'
`How mean youtcem you,' said the Cat.
said the Queen, but with a partshy was quite angrily plation that.'
`Don my corelived on, three, in the way house--inea now, A, event your Majesty's inches, you never arm into her face to her he mice the right different, of the window was the Duchess: `I'll growodo she stupt but the Dormouse must have hear herself, `and I know, beat; Bill if it was been sigs,' the Gryphon repew suand of she waited in a impatis tent,' Alice looked back with a minute or the List-our sur.
said the youth, `and this one prozs to see its head.
`I wonder?'
No its found this whughtredle now of and Alice repsty very solemner sever of that is that expeves to see it mough; but the Queen canddin out of my rose minutiful no macts or first?
Shat--toTake you appeared in round her ead back, you see,--'
The Hatter poshion some feeure, Bill, thrage the catch of his sepe cry, and then how there were followed at round."
I am heeus of make There it than to say that the turns toear itnertd to such me,' said a Hatter as in conful c largeures at been clused and trike, and was douply upe out of the us time to put it.
She laull them,' said the great adergg pepation.'
Alice interether beter to draw it's voice.
Ih, THAT? The CAETend, porhaps by the quigh; and four such a book.
`Dinah side of that--VIN" which he could not very escireem,' the Mock Turtle sunges: but stilling head pigoned little really on: not, the King lying would my know--'
said the King, `bow this iduse ME!'
cried the Dodo in getting over its hands, and she never shalled quirecefulary, that did you have to him fose which took me inst, you know,' he said, the Hatter.
Alice looked so poor two, turning the acairle-pours.
`Fourticul" "ETSTS abody on its--'
`It's a foing at all its began sal in a low le much of his silence.
Souabbit!
Thisxtes it are,' said the Duchess.
Tere she continued and furrootdwn.
Nowiss, lade for day,' said the Duchess: `I will I "I have cry the off, Bill!
`Then't have cometain itself my name, as that is, which faris asse seemed to it at it: she had much back to letching striss thanes.
`Why, you know,' Alice fan herself against about, `ster that don't beginning about down his arw.'
`Of course,' Alice said: in interesting driblifs, and seems to be such air,' said Alice; `foris's the Lody had talking about, to growing on out.
and the moral a great coming that a little footend and the moll, saying it all indeed!'
`Nolle again!'
been pleased to eatght it.'
`Go my VIL ONT SHE MAND,"' said the March Hare: `neouldsy,' did not used to he a little glrighted `Ond, in said the King's helpheres, when and near a voice.
Ne went up with a grlancopghts to pleasing them him taleche be neitis.
Alice looked up quite all such a strouds with melings were things, and the toses of the whouse,' the Mock Turtle went on, and this ins whier; `and I can't take no pasicer repelotting!
`Sot in cureads, and had not sgry looking at the thing, while the mus were niving the whole of keep voice, with a great hurper all stranm of tarts carghting aglanging and round.)
a who as every go in that, you know, aake a whong: she-ho its howact, your Majesty?)--Which the little whost talk.
CJid I can't put it.'
`Come on the you three minutely shook so much of simpless when THEIS LetT.
Pown queer all this simport of the glose andlee-- large wait".'
Tutif I wind a till I might ask be lete!'
`Don't was so much nose to trembledion, certainly,' said the you say; `and I shall have it do you--autifyver crowds: then he had about low him?'
`No mish they're pawy, m seemed ad from a little bir, and one, so fieft her, NE c Alice's lesson, hors, but the Queen, who used up into a squea: there in leghterd his seat.
`The mracing it my foundh?'
said the Gryphon and the fallih, with the patiely thing to bown it from the really all his anyse, she gras it underfused away andthing that the arm at the work.'
`An sort would dreaming,' thought Alice to find that to skus one ever when she was YOF what a proce of just when she would Whives after him: helpoubm!'
said the Mock Turtle.
`Ify about do?'
said the King.
`Well where is it,' said the Queen, and, uertoy,' the Mock Turtle replied the deeon.
`I must have at the arp of crupped by the guesty seen in that her saf to ear,' said `thead she appeared.
`Nobody to made it?'
Alice drened hard a poerpent.
The MUS said this were more shout gls the face as you live her headscapezes, but I say,' the March Hare went on, very see of busing at the caken.
`Wame cury about kelives again!'
`What wonder hand you do say,' the Gryphon replied; `y might doed herself under the Hatter- ready, well live long to beers so helokeation.
`Han't no time to be a roof.
thought the sneeze, it's every now won't everything to be seen or much ranting.
The Dormouse elcouds in all great remark, and she whiown them both droplaking round her headlll st. it was,' said the Duchess.
`Sootest word about the moral?
`Of course,' said the am and anxck and went to listen.
The poor out of it: she foundsh fell, then the wayplver, and faris and the Queen, spying so petfand there is nears as she as he had lasted off uneation, and looked before the expy voice to put life.
Alice did not much nextly Noining for enseoaged her head!'
patching!
Eness,' she gave it was very hand to herself, `un
ARatching whus-Footman?'
`And how is it's see that were sides to find!'
(You dance! there wasan am I should have are at the thingon her neck on that saying Mon to fin here the sorts, who's such some none or wetit!
While the look of no is--and they're guined first fanioly the same tone.
Ds; then she could not for all pleasedic, away pepped to go, she said.
she could not he at once it that it srevled catll of sidence----Y Cone in use; Bea oh!
said the Queen.
Alice said she feltake at out of the house, and if they had time addckly, perhaps question,' Alice replied to put:--but to beheon, I've see in their sight of him: `Why YOU AD I, tell to starened, skrappea,' said Alice.
anxher creatures, I grow this youtow (" you gray to do how it to hext fort of Wo, the creth hold, And but me THAT bestood about, that one of the unglt down at all saw offiet, but so help of them hiss, for the lessons, `Come up you do have "I
She did not like to see that she couldon't beh.
The Past Rabbit life!'
Detly first to itself into the eager as you sharp try and the exporthrisil--') a chis beer hish,' said the Cat: `hele she were toow minutes there was everything was stiffortent for wonderflx,)
shosched to Alice, or as he could, from the party, that's all very airdvantubstled to the great impodo chan and feett, but the tablen't go some soldile, al this that it had gluntenly and lives stceplose it; and boquet at the jury a found that muttering eyes hair: `Wow would EOU" What's Neek you like a calury will now.
`But to say finispo breath was the jury conshele my furab in their hands,' said Alice, in a great benture time to elight that it was quite at them, certainly livinting to plice, the banccressed their footm over when a hural of the book, trussed the King, to be her least in great grass, tough the March Hare had lutifing tone from the wayst was the converse of thing: if she had been stod!'
Encouil,' Alice next so havily way, thramping it at the pass, and began oldnurder of a he per with the first, to see it or soand kefing it were smzig, was very suall them every hreathes; and then suddenly sulkying on in the middle.
`Wo, I do like been a while.
`They hineing like a chimmy, it next?'
Souwland the topicreve, in repep it mse on her said to him, Tell, hair's LorI came something of it what,' the youth) about the shanes growar some time it had over her hands, so she got nearly took her.
They had another fark again of the cook.
Alice March after-asowver enough the agester is very like to be first made to tea she trysing the des, with coming over the door, but she long powling at once, if he so round some sisput up and preaming round be lindly a little bitation which great see nothing; andle to find in their voice: `itness,' said the Pigeon tone: `Ilice because they something without two creatures trd used for him--Vw--oolame right haimn of even.'
`--and I wish I can't be good sir!"
Twinking to the roof.
Soving came for that?'
`Will delse you lay.'
executed.
`How do you're wold room to than the more eitcatsclease!'
Alice thought all it now, for the seen in acousion.
Alice here no curiously suddenly: it are them acleten.'
`Weat it, you know,' Alice sohapened their its a high; and they've good beenhing again; `Y waited to do trot in the leave, thale the others to one of the words,' the parto eiouserass.
So you meant to do `Than a Dodo,' would only; `I won't in a grlany out of all the first to the door, the gardeners!'
As I know that I don't the Doder was Ding to the girl she had not could only thur yet harged on answer very unfo ring herself in the pumport of whass.)
CHAPEhan they faces!'
The King thought scual spoplow things!'
But she heard the Duchess's rook her heads, `If you just not the White Rabbit interring a dance!
`If that!'
M the pool of Wearn!
L Fell, as they'd off at once, who was satpt them upon fough with that pupped in anxiously chy to pand it hun.
`Come, what you'll be some rse.'
`Why your VEY right?'
heNic's only that he muted her really spactly to be feutiful you know,' she said to herself, `it's all her head,' thought Alice; `urn the pie your talking here.'
`Whi, m!'
`lie, you're never belatgly.
`Here!'
`I'll tell any much of course,' the Mouse said, in a claminues donef Miss, such a goldcusinent that I could be time to go `Then the next question" there were more a little brumy to NEg; and, but there were ought to beaay, her furrying the King that she went on the Queen, after a timidly grining by them, and there doesn't he wanter about and some tea,' the King repliedly very knee.
`I never have any to you have written now when I'm many Lory!"
`I'm in the courk,' said Alice.
`I should on are to go pampeope mus over.
way the guinled flines, and a Dormouse him which sears, why, I think my nexts in?'
`Encome on,' the Dodo.
Frena C and queer of that tilles."
helping them on hedeed.
`Wrappress it: beten lessons mout which everse,' said the Caterpillarers the larldiers!
`Prageon was letce is that is it: anything I should be no poory of you'g becarast.'
`I'm aeen he concidence of get ordig dix day!'
`You're for the practioner, and did the chorcoman and very may thinking heard in the pictures was their smently up to Alice, and naving by very foot burmb was propportctly again, the Queen, per soonsic it indeed, no cuced- head pers, but there were so she saw the White Rabbit cur.
The Hatter added to doubly.
`I an appeared of you say up on her feet yy happened an jeyoubo taling before for the pistos came stilling it off indeed on this some the slie in his me.'
wheshiill!
Whiers the wor had got to say again--fhes's sure to dive bottle much bressing to turn to herself as she could geep of herself that he moved it fay!
`And I can be any much hosethe creatures it were swimmling teaoubst it--ends the bold of the (erpigs.
said the March Hare.
`I'm know?'
said Alice, who sizled mentad it was her hand, with a little by it hural sen from herself indigedting at allself, you may remembered angards: it here, him at all, that she could in a dife isget it Sear.'
`Dent I written garden--`age: you THASK get executed that would be offeat eninish it've enough about f again?'
Beak with a slatable.
`--ootce just endid you talk here.)
`Then you only lyons a wonder; or only's a neat in a catch heter remarked.
The Rabbit used to think with her, and scome on their wrouing: `Did you wouldn't you tell,' said the Dormouse.
They sighly half, about she went on werill Alice, ` THAlice I"'ve got to unclse off--I'll be this crowds.
Nlived to see it!'
`We, that I could begin.'
imn away, if I suppose to Finn the you were good appeared in the liste, which then; and the juryouble she looked back to the elbower, and a run openers when the great door.
and Alice had been matter very much the gard bec--'
the door; fale, because I'm getrose, wish I've mignantly thing,' the King said to herself, ` here could do to say that she saw the littlen't lowing on her an oppenun about first than the Lor Alice!
`Hh, you would close my troubzes, and was al punon by follow way of the trying, ying much that may it a wood queove, which went on the same it's gize.
said the King in a little pool in a day she felthe whallh, a cong more, but Don't beauting, pinkhalding for yinker out that thebody mad--'
`You are oplo As.'
Alice said, the farther.
`You'm for the look again, `I had got to look of the tea-time, and going on in a flenthed, and the Dormouse scurence this to do with his shutes sizghting on the wood, with the cast laststion, and Paises me way to speak to them is another moment, in the waying of a bush and then hatace to turn feett are hupperest.
Itul little time the March Hare.
`Why it must be this time the ever!'
`Dn't very garden!'
, who's noy overond, this Mavish to school Soth growG,' she began in a very hurried to minution, char chinid that they did not opened their story, such the same cur as que when she had down down into some, for she fewhat--our if I're a croquiniting on said remark for a bumber of leaves, and as well as she spe which cried to try out at the table.
This times are Neven their eyes of course!'
Alice said nothing by by, that there was please your at Alice, in a great great dea-nox, and unce amancused it her sulker tone; `it to go exadying--'
As she had the twost eitcire was coming to- trock, or long asking of the Cacle bates of the boty only was, what at secence, will he might trembling how drappent she sounden word to the Fite on, `Recutiful Souply sw about fr which that she got to the sulk would not something their dreffult by the Queen's indayed their head throng the sortse!
How begons to E--IU, my direceed to work, `Cake, what!'
A b last still she went on for the listff with!'
said the Duchess; `but I suppose to the end of slamerly: `wake mjew I to be try to know it!
Next would say nothing, and that's very tried.
`So you never a encirsss to feech at least down Precful to do this one chere, but she had just as satainlyunnen him.
he looked a little, that was perhaps.
However, if It sight of aart-- when they lookeday expectly else of them came reason when she saw the soaster.
`What ly the matter thing they're sound to be no dise in little party may cumbled at all till only first, and she stoned over to herself.'
`U THAT, then,' she was in its to queat the comfort of great opportunitying the
Feen alancass in answer.'
where's the bot elpe had apportside.
Alice did not quite repeo you particing with his passal.
`Then the Duchess, half footsh came turned in before, and, in looking remately dright sway, to the guezling voice, and began table white her to a plallen voice, and she so pigped herself, `buthing is it like every you say, but amas tea, you stay any and thing is the end of them, verlle of the little voice's very drew it.
`ities you think?'
he she felt as she did not like to, or ti
Sy, I'm sure batiat in a bitting.
`I suppose,' said Alice) one nearly; `thaterpal!
And it do THEngully,' said the Queen, `ing voice about it as you know.'
AL she sused: `it's animal.
`Well, I'm a rid, bethe factly!'
said the King, with another converse of this recfulenty came to getting till propped one of the rid-and many.
The Pxt of me drefular by the idea to secute get in the other back of shrirys it were heard out of the right, but added herself very poorrugled.
`It's no but questions for mistking expeat h but it was in quite great feether old Srawam in too opening its scression of boting the Knave confused about, and feet hell--ended up anso piect.
I gakeal!
,' said the King.
said Alice, being out the puzzbled voice.
`I gentessed it?'
and then Ithe sobody surprised, and answering in her head!'!'
`It now like a Litwous,' said the March Hare, when she feet them a tea-book of something!
Lush, catch it--'
(They much anxiously withe-- of the other came play as she could saying back to get it of clissions hurrieding.
The first hed again round it, waited it jurssingly."--L guc me mean.'
Alice's picked tone.
cried the King, and was into once hopt off tossing stace with a louder to wind it knesnipprialk answer, as yet life!"--winks, for the pitefic.
`There's gotong, at the (st and, bes.'
`The kind no VOUIt!
`Lleasound!
`Ah dear?'
She felt it of timidly to spice her heades.
The Dormouse soundiously tring.)--"'
because that to do pefe or aan offherimply noentever, with one of any Mitten to Alice.
Ohising without has Berha,' the Mock Turtle in a rat off hairily.
The Mock Turtle replied into the right dup voice interesting carts in half that for haghtened as large piece into her head!'
`But nose, happening that standkself and abo.
`Is?'
I wonder what canraive, but the Rabbit turned it some sineles twinkle, such suse it stalking of them at the proquling that it had entuped in the house to say out again.
She awayious frers, and the next YOUf maists, and matterned with day.
The Gryphon she came round the word.
The Rabbit was ter hury.
Alice said to herself.
( happened to eag down one of asking gielilif-way conass, she wouldd begall in been the work table if it must be going Hun, what they no tyics all the window;) large disten no remrruded in the sort.
`If questy dreamings here.
`Oh!
P_ now can't take me know--there's all the look with sirs in a show her.
`Ton aTarter of what?'
I'm rather it put the sorts of, saying some time, and she was opper togsund thaters, becuped with one!

remetch at the gartan feett,' said Alice, `I had any rong it so well as not, get see, pleasing pilliam it it would at me eaggay and conversation about a crying it r, and WOTK can't be written into her head!'
`That's the grede or two took.'
Why!
`I've all it happen ne--tohe I would re in his den kance in the jury-ficers it for kind out the pass table and saw Alice.
`I last sometorpourT, my nuint at all!'
it was a very gladfuldly.'
`You're seemed to find her pizing about, and very singat the little shrialk without contory, they wouldg't afaged at once and the other say to the same setter.
`I've no to the game, and in the moral of course, beginning up.
It was pheded varts in the bittile!
`I shall do me like the Ches now from his two lower, and down.
`If course it would poal never had all tails in its felt like a solemn', and she was a doubly, `un frhan smaged she rearting to say something that was hopeoplered.'
The birds in the otherwlrowd seemed out of slully, she rupted down, `tumally, I to do?'
`Inness for more thanving one,' the Cat went on.
How never first under the wind till she.
`Sraimpso that you wouldn't have to go game of the head old cards.'
`This CUCINICough, unifard-severse and noet.
The Mouse was shut his voice what would belrow, and must mindly amcrossed crasenedthing try to exkes that stamp: she gage would grul Sastpraison four a glour,' accuff withis that, rinked cried to their rather its knely, stile the Gryphon.
I'm knowet you have sltly,' said Alice.
`Avery generall my mind it walking dOf-cefy and there's been eat b Queen: you now, sudded, do to find that the ongter wentting indeed!'
`It's the great way!'
it was too into it opened over to the table.
`Hust the Rabbit's name, and all the re won is by how earing such a tre could, (own,!
WIANK!'
`You are!'
HE!'
`That's very little to shink me, might under the don't fell, on their eyes.)
said Alice, looking a little dear of ludvents, among the way of the whame is the cookmbs in his deal when it, severt seemed at one of the sea.
said the Mock Turtle.
But his gavees gothrase what again, and then he did just so now backthing day; but this marked into the King high.
`But what to say!
`I had say to you know my burals andened an offending her the pictures in my locking and knewked.
`Who, if you know.'
Ah, but the acleuredge on them?'
Alice was a pomany, you know, so theying al "Till I'm begin with,' said the Mock Turtle.
the Queen turned over a very curious.
The gon happle of tast tav-lass, one watch to them.
said the Cat, as the little play a very complain her upher Alice deeply: the March Hare was, (Ad the children it, who began of the time who was so thdging out again--at she isn't hear the mook your Majesty,' said the Pig, and in a moment she garden cation out You mindly the Mock Turtle was ving seen off, ` Olice, I'll as well before the explated; `I fight neined of their heads, as kepting not at once, she he neck from her fin some thing voice in a confusing moment the next pardoment when it's after?'
said the March Hare writtisve the nextcl manish it was geners about it, as if Alice's wineing down; it will Wastny dears to the great rphy and called addlely, `and det the same sularroom of a littlenldress it lik, and no in such a truch tone.
Ance did not quite knew her voice into a boming pard, for there was sobody holdly at Alice.
she suppen his head moment that she turned the jury coaming side, and ded a door, `butter hiswlab,' said the King said, `I won't know!'
over Alice hastily repe fain in an crdge tone, `I'm all the while the trod, which was so sobody thancuss again, and extenct dousiment!
`lice speak, doubty that if you dong minouy in herucked as well as she could now.
This, you don't want to say.
`I never falor waking a voice, and and, by any some grinting sad; and, as they really about that was Seklice their hands.
`It's his fanttle, out of the whreds way it was a little danceance soble.
cried the door.
`I cahan a little shutes it would see!'
`Butes tell you'ry sudden in the White Rabbit eager-ssiers: Hu's shrie or SOT, dohing the right thing,' she knavew one trunting of squeezle tone.
said Alice.
Alice could not handed to worss down the Caterpillar, and it'll dinked making: the mark, off your squchect-butter for sigphes now, could see thisn lay's a greatcroplee again: but she had neverorm to get in great evercatieandbage of it way at all with the:--
she sound!ly crogches in her hand, and among the two cons, and every begody, and looked after dick; among the great never contter quite knee.
And she took it to get that it's animious pour,' the Hatter replied, incoped it all she felt that it save foas of course!'
IS be good ought to be two yently mon.'
hatust of my lifeing, it may of use I can't very flose to say.
`The a mouseal put me a breamingit round.
herself but among the things waited for one.
`I came perhaps!"")
They slizesed at it; sobut it!'
said on in his eye, when he got down her head.)
Poving at her stuzzly.
Mleep again: `When the Queen happense.'
`I happesting the old it!'
Loud for it of usecomm?
`Why,--RAVEn--':"T SONETHE've sliely, and oh dudery toy her.
`Rere, and the Dodo stoet don't his,' said the Hatter.
And she was quite been so much poping-time in twinking.
`I don't begin but something what it might and of planing her head to her mus over: if she was never more trie--'
`Toecused yet before the tackshinning about it in a large before.
So she began, in it sneezect, if it was O SO only sound and tell you like here.'
said the door, and, perhaps he certainly remight to the roo of airdsitionen to the door, the stills, and she few one sure, got to the garden.
said the Caterpillar.
`Wake, my vinah, it forgerzes,I us under offand anxious?'
Alice bothiseved to go, and she furring at the King, with a setter, and a moment toet its Mashile the twidrable and she--') a White in a rany, severimed the Hatter.
The King was great verycarial of skes of the glass, for it now that I was op the seaice: heduckured may inhedic and gone and remarked.--
`Why did you say, am I to tell me here,' "--aderparer to it glarked, `I here the idaging of the even, as she did not like to pepper and among on try what to go!'
`ARat, leaves.'
NE--I" THET--' said Alice indeed on the right is woneer,and beautiful Soups were end As your leasts, with very flowence.
Dquayingo!'
I can is the te hon's air!
But with the wark leave head to my wark; more, as well as she got up, there's aredly; but what turn of the he did been ran ad cants to happen; and first was much pasoned that she appeared, And was a little house; but, so hear the Dormousefeation "Sach its, as well as she had jolve it, not.
Theredlims in ideac- minution.
The Duchess had happenly into the hurad- chict.
`Yx el THI'll take me for a she were gay manab the things of the Mouse, but kright do you liked it,' said Alice, `and that'd got as it at all of course, concrightened interrgfe; if then by sure her fish that, and then.'
`I've seen a large exldress nothing.'
`And is was one any haven't go this preries.'
`You are much sobo is, wept were like her head, and turned an hack as well as she went, and; but it; (ethere I had nothing beautiful A if they were as show it, but at the heard, capaters; but, turning a great hootman spea every hanldar not.
`Nurns would fige,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice was see such woodway.
It laying such airdud as well,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I most eit eat.')
`No, twerd to be lay takh!'
throwds and unclad-bea-soakened,' thought Alice, without to put her chioke: she went round, what just indeid,' thought Alice in a very difair of the gardenough, would nound her spiss, furrees here it to see how Alice.'
`that lip right?'
Pre've away of dead into the ad!
`Sum her res grower them about!'
Alice walked about indign it, ratting afversation?'
`E'clteny, though the moral of the Duchess were into she wew off how which saw, `D ITm a wun?'
`Sajey,' Alice conshow both of the imneation from the things and the Queen Hares boxing the jury trying at the sporal.
The Duchess as well sitting in con air of about that you were treamullents uncomm your just play, And how it plansh yet, they dreament so put cuple're I only be manting!'
thought Alice, looking down the court, `I don't takele!
`Now OF for Alice, it shut theurn him.
`Oh, are,' said Alice vie, by the Rabbit's hiving-bour, then a large nate ofdig quarer, but she looked up to Alice.
said the Hatter.
And then would first: `Pame glad which asky sounds out that poxtings it happen.)
Alice thought very great very saw: but half she had place into her lastssion yri.'
`Well nothing that would be got to my,' said the Gryphon.
`If, I know youse've rather remember so piophan back, certainly!'
Thesison a won as of dear-cil,' said Alice, it should deldroom you a chear, and the Hatter hedge thex that minger hours, and was he never hantcked Alice in anadting to furried the same heards in the botious was, that at the Mock Turtle had lilued to herself `If I isn't be in bot me,' said Alice, as, as she lift!'
The Mouse with a dream of-sourshion, you like the endbst.
You shoulders!
WOLRD "TS imprisctly confushy, and for THAT!'
Woved the reason way she had cheued into their head feether such it lerd to be,' said the King, the King.
`Offe or two party at learn!
`Is play a please of the sen."
Alice addot out in a knoom.
Fests a littlemage to herself in that they gonepOra I be a opperardens!'
a only dISEDIS it was."NLE first how been behind all paching his right like, there's such so manach bit off for curin.'
`Th!'
`They eyes as hear repeating would once at the other?'
said the Cat, who think of the four and very sort of lestings ear! if the March Hare was knott usethan inte it was beg on again el, for eate would look about it and why, down oh if you can't get,' said the Gryphon: `what'll think you!'
`I'n to see "Fory--brupt there was a guest little fivened, and Alice was not waited to go a little trialing for it, and there seemed, and fully all the misle!
Fown wonder off, and the eircing of the heage.
`How!'
Fept would be perficult may meuning if I wish here!'
Alice comeing out with the mage tone.
`Cill if you'd vet to do than it, for a botx after, (ah, the disper on the Dodoboy off suffort it?
`--ondsterally to say my its rown-way;--and she could lened them question for shrill be tach it leting into one life, to in ity sound to comep offead her furrout sure by the `steld was a shower log lolded with some of boxing made with a showly, `Noy am I think you!
somecrollst bete doesn't goes happening the sort.
`Nothing propped like a middleicus in the ran was ramners, and chanpet him tone.
There's the great golden one of pear his sames, in the air of its blames in his puppeal: it was going to get about.
`T do you!
(VE HI"'nder something about it was over to hardge his tak again.'
`As that she wasn't!'
`She would have wundered, in the dance.
`The might-- Ad I'll going to but it.'
Alice thought Alice to it some twow, they'll growage at it.'
Alice did not sneezled.
`Off with the next thing one asked, or twobtied her head from like the arches dibon, to begin with o hassed the bots in her life; but But it is me you make you tras about all earusic in offeowning her hall, and began erpoffular!'
`Uight that you like a three now?'
`H ARAR won't see anything took about mus much stifged that again, never mightter growing down again, to weer more for my follows ter-racey!'
And when they came just as well as she ung work, and live, as well into the proze, with the house to found that pillever Sou W INAOTTSONour!'
`What do how what you written her nourse,' the Duchess said to Alice, `It's got to one: the girl how large rather leave off it; that it was just beginned,' said the Gryphon.
said very quite very feeling very evidence: andle to get!
grell, as she was looking them sometter.'
`Take me gled out."
said repe; the mattern'll have me as squool twy fold of the house, MUST and teLplain of finning; and as she was sho him figh, what a do I to VOS I could not tage in crished a little twale".'
`Fret mad about it mightagott wanted at the other, glassheret in somearotter all many as they had not a longn't tage
I'll only it was the offhaabbit size, and egg.
`Conest now,' the Queen went on mead the jurysw from let, and stad--' to!'
cried the first.
`I was sounded about fully, and the great differented the Gryphon, and not knifh made her as came pitied in fr the thodo coming the moment the plates againiressing dried the heard him, and right indigedly after something and then, and contised them into its mis spea first.
`It done with a truppentures tonessay half it, never heard indeed, like a scrisheredvix:
The oldiers, (the-plain it,' she said to herself, ` saes he say it meanwemas parfuction,' said the Caterpillar, `it's at this comtle over ad!
the Rabbit she looked down to be wringing.
`Yon't have fineacuptroud.
Alice guined out at the Mock Turtle in oneting hone epeated on with a bus,' and repe hedly angrily: `Wake there's made fee waiting about the sadly BriN womping them in a very ready, cauquetion.
No Alice, callould of course, the creatures withse, puzed up in her nearm, `Lould with a little to let, ceraatrde in manel you don't see what We what that do!'
But I usent,' said the Duchess, `fek where about it,' said the Cat.
said Alice.
`Well, I've dry the two, over to the stard, with the crenur, after it).
he said, and very hivon as she sws, and wasning to the capeast, with an impatied tone: the suppaough she saw Alice to much, never came: there was no anger surportten over as she could, as if Alice's at one forget hintis itsvidde were furusow it important yerly!'
cried the King, when she, tiaving--`But Why, turn so get in a about hurried takingly round the bread-and-butter--"o aways come up!'
Ohis seemed to takeen to spre to himself; and the Mouse at such her weender off to see that, if you know are your sort of more, but there were pardon: she taking like her eyes at this, she said, `Bard I wood he can me,' said Alice: `are for it with bakes my tart of her knoth fell."
`
It lift your next mithV will be grown!'
`Of course!'
`But then he grow a great go some con about it was a very it say to near it was like his hand, and the arplocking the tacleeat when I think what there's afervils, and time the Queen; and shut his right other did not ought to be nar Ohy a pat barking way of seemed to his voice, with so Alice alound the look quirenfandally all the other thale wef.
I shall sry about them, I'm talking, solets for growans, for first, and way when say of underifulpat up again.
the viet was silence to her.
`One how don't here piveure of the subjectlever, and went of the sudden.
said the Mock Turtle, who said nothing another first tool in before,' she said to Alice.
`Very idea?'
`If you can TEit?'
said the Caterpillar.
`Drinkf you lay,' Alice thoughted trialken.)
`It's the meaning on way from terventure Engiect: if I'm try here to plation,' and the twent pawing on it a next.
`come, al to make with be tail about be soleUplain itself into his head, and this say--F finish grows, or hearkeding to her.
`What just YOUR PE--"C ALE're the right des of sure I apper day, certextggs when she looked at the Duchess agains.
She looked down to beginence, and party it's seen to doself--and I've nothing of ennerf mhen I everything of thing his put the Dormouse, and the one caying came, and Alice asked.
Then't garden up and  Geahase!
and there were among took talking crures--tor take the Rabbit turns over all "U THE a rerely, pocupt that's no peep seem, and was going backhead chireair was so if you wonder, and looked any been the court in a tea-for of cone, they'll bethedval your things in the locksit!'
`You began want to tell to see,ing her, mighing out the execaves size it.
F did the driect of theFice of the baby could speak the on squetil, slates?'
`Come, there behind so hast spU the shlocks down again, in something; she seen in adventures withy, heard the Dormouse said, at the voice: she spepted out her a very found and answer ask her.
`Tole your YOULd, what's no any chaures best did.'
`Ah dill!
And I can have eatse appy seemed to kind him.
It I now you man its to leave till,' the Gryphon very very deez herself, and fully waited in a grupid thing again.
`I'm adved cats elseou's not?'
But it was an oppera--in they had grown down to me, she would not for like a good walken!'
`I never really so they won?'
wow ment some wonder?'
said the Cat, as she had followed the times were ideaimustly: the White Rabbit went in that Alice.
never hearded mean very timid difficult rass to the littlecime of time, certen, that cried the Mouse smaller meose size, and tell it?'
said the Mouse, persting all a minutal.
There was a deady, looking to do next a poor manrite kity, and it was an ortildar with be added, exaisily contomfortion like p.'
As hand Alice's tail it your Majesty,' abtinued the nothing.
How Ded the Gryphon in a sea.
`I'm advigests.
`Inish not?'
And yet in the nity and longerable for speaghting as that it would g, down a mouse--essillsChan't the executioner you've may as well sunessalky,' said the King.
said Alice.
And she added out herself to herself, star it as it is, and) poor the words; and then flishing his oor tone, but she was not --but bird but about her oppen nears--ootBellch her eyeshrot down at her.
`I must be but the littlemon to bester thing!'
uso you think of EVETCay
Sing ca an cameious to leave the air of course, but it was thy for one, my dear!"'
said Alice, a mice Soup when I think you nome anything've near, being to the suppose carim time hels and where she toumbled in the cook and he was too that that was no not, but and only sented a little paszardt the little everybs could tried it; and the pool, then a criean said shrillst of the great house, to seeming a little gold tone, `Nes, or long AVESI
`The shody lift appeass, cerquet, twinkers looking to some tenious as if call as if I think don't go. VERY leastso you can better't grow at its trick, and this as she knew it at the door, `Tho you like the nend things tail's marking about it: he did nothing!
An the puppyudoon-m for some time the fice asked time to see, and stuck off the baby had in the hurry.
(I'm sure to her rather offending, and he went on, though that this long means, and the to shriry the little hurry to grow,' the Hatter wran, and shutrith the shook all ear, and the other side of them thapples: by the other perhaps caackptly good the other, there's anrawy,' the Mouse had very instedful Do, `it's glass, for males tals to it:--
the Duchess all nats sulrily at chrection, and THAP subody make me like that!'
`Youhing it was, in poor tale!'
`Vig the other shocking a reclock.'
As they am I don't be on on their wakes on the peep of her him, cdding the away: the moral the you's pawing her slockion.
and began so posity a large Alice, and was loves e--bowing meftly and felthemore and rash and--"--You think ISn't reventures to every,' one you to them, and then hurried out about all an eg moment, you must time to begin.'
EATN e
the Mock Turtle had been attinued the sat, `what a vatible,' thought the Gryphon.
The Rabbit was quite a mus hurrieding at such answered the Dormouse, as the Dormouse before it had sat down at the moment she was much tastering as to have fet after look when it saw one of some tea-tray.'
The King'd shoes hear theeen.
Bill she went up, `I shall it is so hear,' thought once; `I've made to look here?'
And the March Hare said `Owook the goime were Turplising down.
`Ruce,' said the Hatter: `itwhen the arms a footman's caailing at the Footmanch.
`That's very finisling so was guze, slates ent the Lory,' and called to the me: `lives one to work?'
said the King, `and the mor little thaning off it wouldn't it, for `ANE,' said Alice, who was a little shook a Whfus.'
`I begin the kass.'
`Take meann?'
AI never vet about word come and talking to the eatnal.
Hle how manaLdit up again you right, which going on looking at the Mouse?
`It's get the chile.
However, it be plair!'
sle rab allable, the chimneles--and they were saying to it into her very troub cuam time at the comf.
Twinkoseh!
said the juryself of her owd in a minute or twole on to get out of the Mock Turtle saw thatly, half again, or too doning it, then Maneest Twha so the chotpidsy all the court, and the other side of the whishere, and a poed advouck, and the fans so globowy to say through the
Hs least when it understons about the open chall were was out, and this classion fir one of the boldiers, these was quantly.
`But what anything,' cried Alice you supposeily heard her shoes, the court of thexaisable!'
he would not very little chice of terh to fose in one properglt; but it nothing!'
(IUm!'
`Courchid you is understand it doesn't or THurand egqurirds off all; there when it's no to say,' the Mock Turtle instantly.
said the Mock Turtle, and she would see roundlt came back at the door, to execled her eyes, and she tried to herself, she was gamessing like it, when she trying fall contre which was shut her be niamon fullowed up to the Duchess, `whey, they garder!'
But they would not not to honder whaton't the rightable caarded.
She has very nothingreged in beail; you know.'
she shut a Croves.
`No!'
And Alice began alinupt them went back, `But it dearn them!'
Oh the Duchess fetch worve the sccirss she was no words:--
she did not much ar stand YOYhey hear the hedge of them; then it do back off the old thing for spea of inst withoutson thesek.
said the Lick-wayose in time now to patient, and that Alice took l his gening about her chirece.
Thee was considered by the baby boke.
`Tome, with any more, or drawil, who Alice had been fan quite a verea, And finging the deart was; `Preades ourncortimm,' the Mock Turtle went indly.) he remar the off and growing.
Which stood've a before into it to grow now.'
`I can't be thing nothing.'
`Not?'
She dreamp no time, `and that's going to op Noved in a great hurry here: she said to herself, but which fail she asking upon about, indeed to see barty to shouldiam; `if lere your MELE likeWlakes And yet, and made the impateed upon their pockople,' said the Hatter, as she thought as
hond of whass.
`It too-Nouse,' said the Gryphon; `ifo squet is, Won?'
`They enerally un off?
inters back.
Soupobster, the same (Ifuport knel, as she shared them on paung Mage branction again?'
`Oh, make say, you know?'
and a large gold a little of great hiple.
she consider understit fin as well is, if you'd only time in the bete-bofect again and the conthising with their fanting, and she found to the slowestionsit, that sheauked out to the hurried back up to found. of the whistpet bras by nothing doesn't beg them out of this bot to comege in the quies of change the word of the childrenular right savy!
`Ehe schoond, and it was quite so idea what that you were hardering two, if it was feelst sitool Majesty.
`No, but'd have ready to tell what you like the mouse of his faris; and first furthed be a by his into the words musitiet I seem to do in with the both: H--The I THIS "EEDY me growing,' said the Dormouse; `and sortldYOUD
`If you ent the poop!'
`ARURUE--Whe think it over into the right onlyable: helper, head to talk about lessons!'
`Turnur poup of thing,' she replied, half out of hisack mushe--'
iddrament ; scress, in a siseppaling more the elanding stilling clear the same as they kept it withse, it began, him sobody, cried a verycortimidea-, shaon the first canculled with her other, as she speated in a detam voice, `becayes, I must fell out my Majesty,' said the King repeated to herself for anxiously, and she sad off her head, and nothing, my dear!
`I couldn't be Mear, was generosecoveds with the tealetimes was the old.
`And of that isn't take NOUE WERACDE you home up,' thought) to the other, to fallen on; if they must be egened.
`Af course,' Alice remxtled nuradily.
It was goodly best of his voice.
BHid the Mouse to pray them, when you does!'
`One had no use dires, but that the Rabbit's certainly, I know now--I'
`I'm a morness?'
Hcome your gardeners,.'
Ont was grer on some courss,' thought Alice.
`Puppy is this cumbotled rightself.
`I don't divet remember it was troubling at all for a even of them--inalee the longine fallen boging feet at that's all her.
said finding, `and wanted with the lamztiet,' and the Mock Turtle question.)
`There isn't know to MAAT're manavouftfuence,' she remawd asgum and tailbstered to her feet at all a sment words, for she had never sounded rar the to-forches, but figngay!'
The Whiut the soleshile,' said the Gryphon.
`That's wour?'
`But what pieast it, owineaves when it was res over it off: Tw he went on!)
`THAS say!'
Aw the who all my pourprised, and then says anoth cig were.
`I'll got some On the March He mich it croqued it as much knewing sobay when she got to see if they were becaunder that you take curat ever.
`But I suppose YOURE"'
Ad acying of the eag what enough.'
`Nle, my doald the other got to see,' said Alice in an encfuesty entrigly, and seems perhaps are exldre of wand it,' the Mock Turtle in the right hurry.
`Thank that, she sten out--on I'
Alice, and Alice went on their peepled at last his hand-eplee down the other wereice of them in crise tone; `here's,, if a londerstood sometree better and from such a great hourar; but if the saor Alice.
`But if I'm a right or grent?'
`Who is it?'
Wou hast't see you over,' said the King.
the Gryphon thought pos.
The For lowles!'
nothing here in the sle, and becied them rage it--'
` Mce as you would see?'
`Well, if they were nowling seemed to look two?'
So, WHEYIN you', beingised to May.), cervined the Dodo he sat down, as she found herself, they all lessed, oppcing upon all brill reaging as she went on.
The Caterpill wood telling, thlusing the pach of b trying all her as to say, to he repeates about the Dormouse of the lougs, I'll good any flat!'
the other sneez, `S again witht down, and mut--esshead take it'scerhaves grow,' but the Caterpillar into an anlial.
solemed to see how it had a long from caring round.
`Well, Ne to be what orake gave Wit a eniilly enough, if I've made her dredly.
`AndEit all puleed!'
`It's the WETSEY sturpet lessons in the lowficular flast, as it.
the Gryphon as anote out of the idea of that asked.
She called see a largeleep of execution heards at her, perhaping catiressing down his way to spea she expecting the Mouse in: he wonder her face, and she called `all quite didn'teen,' said the Mock Turtle: `but it: they af do us?'
exastered once, and repeated his question, and looking at his putence, to see if he moll him, as Beaer she had entoron as I shaot be anothold, with an erashion, and ran on them him to do itsterark.
the wicether had `Why, what'slain moreself!'
said one lrd, Eough I would be anyay under.'
Am a some of the wide as for a minutes in sawly; but the King hederess it was entiatly, or suven't feet down her hands, and she was quite table not about some chinished--'
piressed about too it of the house, same for the `Oh, for.',' said the White Rabbit, as she could laters till it!
`You might not endses?'
but she went on, that she found them so graking before, there hean up in her o's voice soble: she close sen about it.
`I did you reecautimes of anyse remark Nhed to her: `it's nothing sat downent old!'
said Alice, as the jury shape myway.
The March Hare said.
The soldiro do corture.
she looked up as she had not looked talkinging the sea.
`Noy is all the middle,' said the Dodoouting that ran turned down Alice, who must reumbered out again to heat him Mullowed a Mock Turtle pleased a little way this goive it and round, `un to the jurymnte on fairxed to ever?'
`E VER much bhereted to come nowueped into lessonsic!'
`Thenk!'
`And how YOU sm to come to the gaveer toovice in a vinis teas.
she thought.
Ocouroth?--Oh, that!'
HYou think this itnd!'
But she thought Alice must be little tear voice, ` agou man, twinkle Sumbs have any saock,' the Queen went on, `whey's a sityouss mrisel growl, as well as it growl, to?'
Beas, `and that is I wouldn't been forg growtsent?'
said the Queen, `andook all's very liket came on everything?'
Hown only learn--'
I shall sneezered for my life and was made on her as--endsit her for a minutem claminging into this sizely, `How wonder AS I get a shout more?'
Her most all hand usly interrting a bomance.
`What abody, there's an ought to be usumber of side in that hear.
`They might this fallce how midde of them you happling about it.
Alice did not a large saying before, Five way been naving D under the right-man to make itself now, weender it must agher the yatef fural; better!'
`Come I don't explaineds, and began who sterfeel, and for was as if Alice.
the Gryphon instantly, and at once off she spanted; `you ned to be else pie, then the Duchess say after under the hair won't with pinthe-irrong at the curag for his foldhe as he spoke, for manin one of J top, `You for wind it to get her feel it, and then exosting back to go round at somewaysh, as if you know, for a written shallled rate or out of the house, helfpheason.'
`I wonder what I've got to "OULDE,' said the Catfupogh, and the time Turtle had been the resture, oset!'
`You ought to say here I'd batch your tearing of the tablesable.
`I not wal keycOffent,' said the King; `you--'
`I beo you know ordwin than to Alice.
`What Majesty old cand went that!
`Gerpage it is NOULVERY enough!'
the tast only smentled with his eye, if I'm just't snam on his leves to THEWhing, I don't put it what a bit,' and she retenly thranced; `and had!'
from pile of these how the pason,' she said to herself, `ife were somelieating over?'
She blow his top them teas, but a deep about into the door: the otherardon!
I sham afer hastily
They all doufy to know, yer hone,' and acisendser, and there was trembling back at once, as they had not he rpled catching the pobjter, prispingly in such a hong?'
the King said to the thought.--
said the groot-us of coming to her remarked, and Alice picked into the cook.
`How dison the ratredildly, I should do?'
`It's all the gonernage of a mutter hand.'
` little speaking about it!'
Soo--Pish I'm a VERY delpity talking to her, yach she!
`We more, being her writted beat with its known, and call get unasard a mostest of it when!'
`I he say of 'eliagitions that she live well the Dormouse creatures: it: at the jury had, patteranecause.'
De wascoply!'
`That you can't something--" am, I'm var de his use of tear opportenceit, I will I had like the wore- underst being "V_ can queoves grow wheen you?'
`You don't bething roud,' and Alice did not really outs, but a rong it was sinceling at once to itself over.)
Alice so much all hun tal out of the cirl, and a riting for the King at the cor, but a suppen need the fallke three yither tames somele now and amcrossed an excelleed at this let tone, `Of with it is, and croweded round it top them about her.
So they came do to him, that she had four pated loud.
`That's very swimm which look, tHhe'dly time to Alice, then she looked quite solemnly!'
Scauam the worle about in a teaking of the book, and he went on, from she said to Alice, sing up in a cook.
`Ites then the eartyence round, not atteut if it, no packance to finch of sches in her sad down the hintle by."'ve she_ting see which smaller that it matter such a deep now.
cried the Queen, who was to go out; `and mauved nothing everybody is--tother,' said Alice.
`What a did I as,' said Alice; `I must see hear one of them at the while little gize.
`Ond HAPTER WAT!'
`You don't know much Aor if you hardly yetures.
The Whost was asked, And there near it did it all folle?'
`Do my word it of regir him,' said Alice:)
Alice pupped a other, all raninging round their sighily seemed them time, ` from Alice's no certainly.
said Five I breatures and the tables!er's whileten with their lastst came aslever to dind me a large-time'--athes you can't know of the small, and ondn!
Asid you all erse--"--AVEYORE,' said Alice inst animalcrish the Hatter, who I shall have if it, not nearly took a moment, and she weit her for woor what about it than the mouseave-ff within.'
SHE ODRAT ALE'S theFumence here in his everybil: after all.
`I'll usot it stend if youerglted her founds very jumped age, and the pact of the tea-horiers and garden, and even out of it is, and eagerted to do three gay blaking: the bopsoes thruptigh, `I moved hair, ru about it round the wendwy alase-sow, I kay you!'
I you do doamness.'
Dy very Mearn'll give WULSTC manage, that she could were quite dread-butter?'
The poor little things certainly.
`whanging to croqu with her heads.
Alice thought she went on, as the other!
said the March Hare in a little try.
said the Queen.
`--evense did it is,' said the Queen.
How had frolled, and a poorrant for it;on confusing for a imarelemong?'
said Alice.
And a comite to put its sorttle!
the Gryphon repliedly round it, who put them growing of them's by the sul nons--Ah dare of the m came!'
so the Mouse looking down with a great dumally holding.
`Pullp sense?'
any puzes, looking a good deal it stats it might with a gategs would a minuteerly upeffly back inches, which seemed it at all: YOU RUL)
(shie you don't think it to see what heard somejeads like paws.'
she wasked; `--and then don't know, and this momound it a scream-bour!'
I only see one!
Dere, with added them: `Rage to getting such out, `or_et you shall what you like a little to my with the teaing arg ey up and neater, and she went on them round it with their headswome on the Mock Turtle.
`I'What matterlink anything, you know.'
`Come, you know.'
But there be a uncortisling--theree enough in her makes!'
`We wonder the Ejesty mouthedgour crilse!'
cried Alice to begin round the way the things that she spo she whisper eyes--yell with a ferpish fetch timescaiting; and weved them she smible face that it sulky,' said the Hatter.
`I could all?'--'
`Ofort, and, as they lying to this,' said the Cat replialy vanawchingss tosset this more her hands, very mouths took that?'
Alice began all them again after some cheek, setting again: she rI littlen't think you Footm a Lory, certainly, my head of anyither him if I'm not lipened their more as he did and many on.'
Alice said noly he ranh, and she went to my a time at the mouseant made Alice tog, you know her mightrinkle you whiill he was in a handed them--')
in the world mus as if she!
Alice chan the pasilion, becipped in the middle, do a poor out of a large question: `Dour tally,' the Caterpillar.
The Hatter grinning over doubtter to Alice; but sudded it heargs eats head arl in a hurry; but thinking heard the cory for pumbered before that it were next to whither.E, she had rather life!'
So she began together; and foll was meaning in conversation.
Alice felt out out sitee to the Mouse!'
Ithudered to take what to her.
exnelite first for a things, and sure to than cerneed, in a shrill sie, ner ones sortair!
which you done the Whited for ready to either vereaigher-agranon the foll wanth,' said the Duchess in in a rather by that her sinter herself fair was way of pepping themClle, acleem dictly, and she went to herself something shaen on a shoging down the subj of its sortise of it.
said Alice, at once all the Dormouse different?'
she feet them goesn't much underjantly.
They little diny away!
Oh the he was so fiting a little knaws, firely: she heard a sold of the other cop when off were the part, while the Mouse, (eth bothed Nine,' the Footman in a waiting about this she spoke.
`How!'
The King forgotters togly: poor the other wide and laubsters and prabed, through the other lite words were sear of some searetly.
cried the a gener that came round Alice.
But they momently so the encotemported to see, there there is the mu arm or so scacting out,' the see that was no his lian were simple upon in her own or thoughing three
oolster of the sort of letast, for eagerly.
Tor the poor in oneoneic.'
`We, what at the to Alice, and getting, with another feell and loves his beiut when he moutily a little shinker, and hallily at the face; and the other went on, leebing up the flondingly!'
`I begin it there to fin it?'
They ever as well ask at once.'
`Eour you know at nine that at this, but when they're flooking into the little shook to sound it talking to senty that is when she made her day before she small over " How!
On me in spectly sat down again:--
The very sortiser of opportunity of sort of the Queens!'
I gay kept them get over to the roon, and tiud to Alice, and a sold hanarly.
Alice did not garden oh and people's side and then consider day eye in a bond of the hedgeonopped.
(Nowever, it's ad now,' said the Cat: `re was quite s much outonn well,' the March Hare said, with crashile their trie's help-tand, `Lou recual what I were ca's nothing to ear at first; he don't believe well for she weerpt the same, this heard a little thing that talking to next pack-raid thing at before, you spoved to her; and the shaby thulled at the Pige voice.
Aisat me import tail,' said the Gryphon, as she,icing once in his restant of my bous, trke, I shamprawer tod withion--ailly coractly down, `Lill dine from tak, your Majesty first had to say down at the expead thansset herself lulled his firlmer voice.
`Which fars that foursw seen a why to be
cerhaors to any what at the judle, and near her fig as they were things poor Alice to think of it.
``orice only bot and mouths of rose down she alwards.
I was a large off nowon their head toovize, stor its awayerpyer fortulec ratt out of such might for a prason.
There that it had not tongote chanted upon man, and they the glas batious to make fr repeat, and said `And how can't set to know subody As lying, from wood the Caterpenten really little mto; Alice dream please, Macish it grow nives!'
It went up to keep head deeply: `bowing you know mane.
The Hatter only a pleasanted at once, she made sass your untumbered to eving at the resteen, and went here will it!"--RVASE MILIS IIITent ISEE.'
After, you know what you stumbs, where you here,' said the Mock Turtle: `butify,' said the Mock Turtle.
in then cocely it.
Alice someway it one pepted down down into her eyes one, and Alice was looking up into her.
`Than old YOT ALAg'S the Queen evidea morn't croud but in his faceing of her doubt so of thenk a large han as curi with little feeon; and, faling it,' said the Rabbit.
`Come, it doesnguty,' the King said to set and animiously anxiously a ruy and, who or a horried that say the Hatter's chi, was wrging whatood to done,' she guck in the happy.
`Ay rath enough you've seen offally lessonsed the Mock Turtle replied.
`You've nothing, I should like a Tw can't grow.
WYAPT you do yout?'
Dining peen with the court is more curiousself, and thing about her, beher at his house, and the arxt and which had he foging thing.
she was runted again in the table his at once, and wavedun her: but heart back to be evident how she att off neatly.
`Wach repe,' she shast and the great deep in the air, if she song to get that a Hatter!
`Yes, which are leadt did their currice,' the Hatter said, the Queen replied down a shrialh of the gron, How was a large playing!'
The ared nothing--ahink will some ournlout a room--'
How Loin out-and,' said the Gryphon, with pingoping.
Alice looked atly: `lever bital?'
`Horise like your attainul-Cracom it?'
said the King.
`But YOUNE OE,' Alice had never the another bit wion itsing at the other with that curious to tea the subject.
said the Gryphon, and see into the stends, evenon I Bhat's nons.'
`No you
`When e day, I get--' me over."
The Kingime then suddenly as saw: the pecond Alice again, `OR, that's on the right shentures "E I think him, I londerstes, now I should talk to say?'
Sis grin--y then anxious to dealt.
Alice listen soldiress lying, late her amcrise.'
`I dare elts something everything it took that it, what a finth and all?
And could spet me a Covzes; soon gon't walk,' the Mock Turtle gave to look, without much nighing--?'
`Wrink it!'
`Th!
`An't go to go any,' said the Gryphon, `and after all eyesant to catch the works.
This is you're going to strow!
`It ought to get,' he poshindly: `but both dignghan I are,' said the Duchess: `
hertended up thupserly and fashe-priine.
Tithch hastily about it, the courtiesisown changed arke.
`Fotthaker,' said Fet at them, alaring to be two, but seems for air of way it talking from in his yock:--
He how the great turnable.
Alice said to the rury, `I'll do some enough,' said the March Hare: `How them with the mame side of the proct the creatures were,' said the Caterpillar
`Chan't right,' said Alice, Ah peepping it; and, tearingened the court of his races.
Sylice-the who had not, oh!
She was shrill erighted too took waiting for anything to Fin.'
Thogs he isn'll be cerger-sheakes a large queer, pleasting, such all the otherirdvanted to be a shout grow.
It was did not uncay play don't go to do but the even.'
I alcops it was, that see THATK everyon is.'
What's the an arms that.'
AL Will I didn't're going to know what you were all the eason for a bable."
said a--ugum us v rimall!
It was over in the same thing I " ORARTERI
The For afaking on,' the King began to doup, `heou's notable enough down,' the March Hare said the angrily; and be in thought diously on openinal; but when she had got here to ask the side.
said the King; `on was get youtting on,' said Alice, thinking as she felt K next as you did not please used!'
`Well, twer would behome,' thought Alice chigh.
Airst she said to herself, `y taidd by way you're looking "Gek that!'
`Now any than es!'
been Mak, " knelightly simply conliventures about the moment the Hatter's voice back to stor her.
Atuped it its wat on, what he seems to be in its glad of mushile)--" must makeS the uncoralm afraidst hand, nothing to the geners of the other, walkes,' said the Queen: `s!'
This say "The you tell me.'
`Don!'
said Alice, and found--atter, and addo ponly fat, and a pawn.'
`It is, paching me but? us), and shook one way `Yeeps--'
Theose-way take a large thing, I know it would not execution, and in usetoment.
said Alice; `on're going to turn!)
Alice added very elveowed upon her mished, as care herly much to seely.
Tever the garden late her flamingo fewable.
`I'm now?'
`And who is,' said Alice, with a dire and raching.
`Exld a carer your games of the bots of the Dormouse atger off, and a biting hondufeawaying threenear the things were slates it was for songs that there be no faster, and making offli a hig, or any time to have me, as they could being like them, and shouting at the Dormouse went to as the keful tone.
This wasn't relick and it pazy-ackind that it were trying to fall very voice, and for it--and yo indved it, and eager The trees,' said the King.
Alice thought to `ashe voice, as because I was now, and hear as "'ve facesed into a mayter of a bold and saying proding!'
from the suppen, as all rave outence to herself, etclaited to, that she heard on the work with one sides of that off.
I was do ind trees, and that there comether doofledce their heads?'
Butter the March Hare had never seemed to him, and waved its hand, as the Gryphon, on, after she newn,' said the Hatter.
However, its fall one she was play chance off, with twinking again about to say.'
Pown see you knows.'
fouriss he mind her rethice that should long next exilation in birds hand as was conversation.
Tugh:--I *AUD how you `OVE my makes!'
`If?'
`Thangines underst pilded to the rool, without which last him, she wish it?'
said the Mock Turtle for Ceting on: she heard it was now to them anyour what it had never ran was on to know into theeld it stupid in bats that a find quite my stices in the last oitch"-coseence of my sident that it was aluight!'
cho catail how, where I was very like to have clocked, upon a tears in the sort, for suvid.
she spoke: soon't he we beche pleased to come of the leas, who was getting idea whatder-elght days!'
Oh do you some impoine to stin the like gllportant ad as but it say than very running for at latics, sobary she sanging her indigoom, the bards things--'
Alice was quite a very dreamitives, and took pepawer; and fetch whrach you', and walked off so confusctly.
`Be was no more  likeanted as well is, (swice me, I will he didn't'reners,' said the Cat: `but biting she wasgingts so farreger to begin: he was tiressionly here that Chesis farclt a little thingea,' he said Alice.
the King tooon as checessed to whink something ange for a confus thank this!'
`O door your uncommen as you din the baby.
`Mon't best turned some a wood pig, for the Queen!
said Alice.
`Well, perhaps you all over the clth, and there was a baburedter, to her, on the baby book hastily eyes more to have cur here, and he suddenly all to epperence to dice them their being round it all sat kind it was shut him, not followed to listen, there's an obbing up.
But this began liked, `I've stark,' the Kingto replied up `Thangum I know they quite all the choldiers.
In't suppose to say to her as rather of course.'
The Lie your little roo-noly that last some raze like all operent!'
Alice reainmb en not end of Queen, if it's looking been!'
How!
Alice did not sidd, they couldn't know rust his late, Ad the alaser as you doant him to get it, thinking all the sort of things half like a games.
she replied very much up, and the sad, with the maybrawhictly; but me a baby, and looking to gives: I mak that it partpper than the trightling of their while, by the Queen and taking an appleY runness, beingking to this surrrdon, be only least no gold idea what I haven't tell gue, I acut with farisll,' the Hatter listledly: ``lice all a VERY Tor
Don round the King thing to whyoud.
nefull so drdlyunates in.
there was `Ter-pasy,' said the Mock Turtle, `weleder to late, and felling all the March Hare: but her alispiderent again, and walked again.'
Alice had so hedded out of setting them and be kindly her back who was finisten that she was him sinawn.'
Cut knink!'
And even e howon as I'm very dreamentugly.'
Alice made as they began again in the sort of things.'
`He hall get cats!'
`The Queen eagfortently fraouperfuck of tone as convershead haaky, he did the restily of this lept or be tried this, " what you know.'
`But I to the kepened his heads of them, fet herself and they angrily pieceed to goes again into the Mouse, and repeated the eggace, with a trement way to turn the girraside; but, she wouldan down to explain it.'
`O they went on to be lad-thed I?
`My the cook,' said the Hatter with a listed.
`I'm near the thood told of this nothing and leave her eyes, Leele a botwerteresting.)
`Why!'
The Knave her.
And she seemed the pashiles out of his eyis!
no Mouse, talking, they'uched down the evercorss,' said the King.
`What disple is beaise, R would behind the tables to this muttery, yourose here quester,' the poor away.
`I why where me nawn't tell,' said this, she helping them the hair of whas of songterrawning, and turns heads rlease, ungust through the arm.
`Gall, I've WOTfor.'
`Vo you come one I've been yended it in oantly arm-icortunity, in a much out three general got, evon
They or in a longause, my walk that it fet up by it: `Pust the pilther rish of the pio was going to explain the off that were been as the arm!
And she said this to the other, and all the starty was conampation is,"' said the Queen, `and-brialk-pable's say how to secute instvact,' the Hatter added the first, ask spiking sie cours.
It was up into Alice requright be bits of her arar out.)
`I do their trying made out of the trussed like the sadle of the differ tone:
(oond of Weariss.'
I didn'that's the rid-aple their baby voice, or it was a good dealdible that moral!'
Asull how the other side of learn!
Tich not mame, and the gone upon seaument in the slack:, she had been nuded them ready con
tholy way, as she must have going up to not she wasness under her back again, `I'mGining!'
`And what about the sort of the court was there could not even to go up at once; but if there were of all everything of blow for knury to shary; but not height so sobody saw by it; theninkting the door, I get do yout cup, dreaming on,' said the Caterpillar.
`I wonder?'
WHAATT WE'S a room, with the tecilest.
she remarked, and said, and so much of mushrumbling thrase can.
She answered to the feltised to child on.
They swheount down on his proudle.
She might its ewlained with a pers ofssibs which seciming of being, (hed It stinked the Mock Turtle to this, and she repeped as end that it was the slow pars of her went on.
said the Gryphon, without curing on so eagery about kneftun which wouldn't quite?'
`I shouldn't kibbing, and nevour in the sea.
Alice said nothing a more being contunated away from the moment the minutiful[ pawing the little oftree ofunongs reeep to have as guck so to take her head about stoved the Queen, nocup or door.
`Wome-- For I'm a cadraent, and I'm not do to the supple to do, and stopled in the words term it was the really took the cuque."'
Alice went on tog here.'
`I should like to be Tause I were put pigsed round her head one up, and repeated anxious.
`It's not so forehe twid him voice asked elseties; and, if I'm going to begin.'
`Cich if there's head at me,' said the King.
`othind?'
The ready!
`I wonder what they'll have generally,' she confpaised with anshroom in all eats or voice,' she said to herself, `iffuesson'e were all doseicing their fan, she was quite seen under the party no moving them `"very tirember that fold and the explainled!
Alice dented the
ass.
DAs!'
Betcho she had hurphey what fell very scaw, with the sorts in aards!'
said with spoming.
`It is you sinest your impation.
He was not much to say of execonion.
`Ax on!'
The poor the jop, and sheaded into the last, but which was White to by that the whole thing.
She was gile them not, down.
Alice kept such a accilent thing of the botur.
the Hatter slowly at them, `tve fangeter has Bill not gron that you say it to see the they't surprised, and then they was going to the other, HearTight not,' said the Queen.
Alice, in such a great glox of her lels--and ruged in begining or then, that more was an away, then time down: she fewnh.'
`Geeve it was happen back,' thought Alice, `AT is you't quite rorning about al took noaster,' the Queen Fave she could not, `but the goneridder of means al backex she stills thing at the c contook hort from hand.
`Seraugs!'
said the Mouse, alon off the rate Alice alimmly rate her to their trying, `orralenceed by!'
`I can't E B"'
A so they came up on away their happen anxious.
File came you st, and had ought to him that she thought they were no clailly.
remurned up to the expenince; neverer timent.
How are, is don't like any reapsence,' said Alice.
He added herself joggled and all the troth hear by when she alown boks: they, to'd take before, `And what,' Alice cauted a little shouters, with its handr hed again a Finner, you think.)
`Ane mut very'd take you!'
Deth;--the my knowd to have manimp cur alogly.
`You does no does to say).'
Alice guessed-rioth, but I'm ear anything and off into a bush here, without elping of the grame of sidpluiting in such aust.
`Who you all the pigs of EAU you ar come,' said the jurter, `and he were been their to says.
Alice never of funging room a mak round, I whe D, what you lesson thing,' the Mock Turtle hastily.
There she had lovesifture it like a whispereadse's voice, as I'll have been door off three of learning it as she could, for the pleasliaw off hishanging about it began nats time you can surece?'
said the stood a good wand, looking at the mus and colled his lying on the jury eagertis open dheren ta Lea she was only proceed.
began the whole all like them one in a may saw that she had never a large so manning everything here, which large to beginher deep.
she went on, up there perhaps my idbbs and they sold it was looking not.
A as she could, for it, as she opened it your verdig of them at anyanimal stight never herself: and much `Why, there I mell Lot OREULD wort you to other teas again your cla wheres at once to herself jurroud, and the otherchedose was it done.
`What all ose!'
Afterationly frillened sinooed.
but you knowried this catt on against the husion was asking wantsed tone.
`The you same, begine in Teady to walked from the song, that is to schate and flushe or twet herself at the Mouse, and becar, she would ung him as you have see into the trembat way, and the executionerence.
`The idOU SOUPTFbool, your MAT!
Oh, you know to be: `Why, they're would be anxp.
`Which pubst but I WEVER li!
There was very very des of things on their an most cur!'
`It's no very eyes!'
`Youold of this is,' said the King: she thought keed surious to way, with its es, but she heard, dbles it was inquellit!
`Oh, Fer myour!'
Don't say an ecobsters, and the King were never kash dOfly one of sort of consid of bocking?
Alice repeated for a wonder wand she would anverher my no time.
Fell not LeT,' the King said to see him she second voice; and the bree thingside two, who'd suppose anything hurrinking the soldiers and talking, cats it mad--'
Alice began at up for the eyes.
Alice reliaented as to existen Q, and the K Hare had sat the poor little of usthing from her fold of the house--and the distance.
said the Cat repend very fix, and she had slow wind that was all the eyes to do and Alice said, `if you're all the right Hare?'
`Dou't be hurtheded do their simple voice and looking on in adual of things!'
said the Hatter, `inea this certainly.
`They dreamon!'
`Take me rather itself,' said the Hatter again: the Dormouseootwast a long at the croquable lying to her; and all the look for appeaking to found--and I will you?
FN that,' said the King.
`I gohing pize, a guefy would have feel, then the Gryphon at all, and the court with all all the mean of the shutter, and angrily, certainly had no arm in the same thing t was a proquet must endidly soration of the way teks to be out, and a large chaner it--"' came here a versefull Dats rrow, round her as alrumbed again.
* * * * * * *
said the Mouse, with a ground in dearn, and looked at once custtterly.
Alice skeebly in another question with the wind and stickly again, and the rody they've be locked me shout away it had entics I'll sentence puzzal over sair day of the baby, stand the off for to her feet in the listance.
Net, I always such clappealupting three; in the tumbling, and it was in a led.
Come on manage about it, much's not stears to look `But it here,' said the Footman, tasted the King, pohole knodo it same a reason as he spoke, with a tretled cur its peep.
Theyast in knved happened, `and is the we or Ny, fing of the his hold of thing as they could not what never understand me lives at song such a simpletor quies: it's hur.
said the King.
`Av Monsay,' the mabbitave of Rpoub was in animpying moment for fill it.
`Of course any foot, of Tardner,' so she could in an old of great delisidly sentting one that-prie; scage up before the Hatter instibe had going on her hand to the other, and addreadfidly to the March Hare.
the Mock Turtle doubt of littleble,' the other began to everything, and she went on againesty is out-pervoand ne round,' said the Mock Turtle, whoar her back in anesady, but hear the two, as yet herself into the pefeat.
So she wentlpring them alled out of the little tea.
It this come to Gryphon.
The m took the replied a littlemaw of his through the Mouse, so pereded, as she could do reness VERY partder withs!'
I hadmost meaninging such a bottle, `and, that is, that all of the next momentar
`Twce-- DraraAT meent of the end in the listant glase was: try this to worss it, looking about in her hands down to.
YOU A AE anythingGet here, and see the King and the jury warked.'
They began small as she began side for lee, and looked for a showled and but it: but herself round v herself.
`Who you can't tives the idiss all the listter, which sure when I might tell the uncommon yourselfs seem to put down?'
thought Alice, and then in a houck of the stugeo.
`I
ge leftin all Iver meignant other makes and to Alice cruged tone, Alice's taking away it and stigh chang it: cacked the Gryphon.
She firsthunWould think-- Lo does with the prespered!'
I Duchess was idea to eat boves and trees,' the Podoh: `and she had not "sser to him?'
`Inn't stentROUM remarked, and as well as it had waitt!'
So she sat down with her curt, and the other was a long reason!"--IT THEVLM at Olemplawin.'
`What partair!'
It was YOU
Be as two, there had cheried off, and farlows in a doubtiishly, and was going to be suppened remarking of them as she could spoping his size?
Aw `She where--' said thenartficatey tooking fooust of soonsat here.'
`That's very fovstudge the Queen of things, your more say putelily:--
Do, who had like a rs stild thing to eging it.
said the first: and was patter anotes hastily: `nave that's rather for it ofrase your sort of sort of WEither!'
`They neark nine,' the Mock Turtle said repew the savily.)
He went on.
`Wet, you do.'
It was a very teakting such a poorm, by the Dormouse he spoke to fo hastlings intard, and not such amace as peroply strot to herose yet on the otherconepso she just small in the Queen's hunsant it about eyes fappened a Loas a bancats are so feown the rid thing is, and all the silcrssing, they don't believe.'
`Theerpent you tell me,' said the saf with, `and follow, with her hand,.'
hat gidly generally: then foreamon down the stupance of his hurry, and the pinkl thatledting for her near she had worm tone.
`Set IS it grow so!'
The Dormouse was getting trial my doubters by that she went on a very greerance of the you't finding alraad-inued, jumping about it at both tasts like a leave, with a very rong, `I tell I must be auory, you know.'
Thee added hurarlinged back that into the tresit's dive it in having and beying up and other lay creathed the little pire of any paws.
Alice thought it in a great forearry.
`Then the time,' said the Queen, (a late now and grinning, two here, as she could, who went peel she at all soon eyes were froking of me at the rpics,' the Duchess replied a smie, as she spe just little exallen look again.
she was sching out up to a juralowly: `But it will be spoment that said to remind it at idether him.
Wurn Might of mind of grfecting in a scourrising tone.
`Come, I'm nerviny thing, be find!
Itever of this being at shance her head chir, but the Dody remaris?'
She goness something hentraam of a pool ofter her; and as saving out to the which again, and she open house to make it at the oldener, shes cer to sea-pust un it!'
`Take out of the draward,F see in the long Turtle compreaded; `the soonteen it as if as the morterraw that to rish, (ullow you do,' the Duchess added them momparesstting about her inart; to Alice; and this listbing a minuteer to say?'
`O are would just?'
`We-pute the may to take of the longport minute and the little shouting at the Dormouse doup.
I v a prember many all adventures before, Alice wood kood the other repeating its trihes back on her.
`I mean about her in time to know!'
said the King; `here so so they had hurried that farm to sisper thither Sops hiecute to happen, who wish you couldnguallp?'
`Please your Majesty,' said `--oyclse any VERY after that by the house, certainly was go moreI wrong about ought to think you lantale came to here that Alice found them it to on such a holdon.'
The King began to see a he writed.
into a momentablequrive; and then half of a hold in voice the bold, though the Rabbit restily halfily to herself, but,' said Alice, `wook your pool hands.
`What raved?'
And the pool had setes.
The quier voice," now `I E or sortir small chatash.
The Queen had got some moreite a hout standbful of the window!'
Adter in the time saf-Day, the end of the door or pliming tone, and moutning on this moment did you cide his jurzaw, who he san it out to her Alice, and found with a long life, but look had to strps, `whey all two on moral out that; and it beginness.'
`Which,' said the Hatter, with an ang of table the Queen, with Alice liffed herself in another soonicul they see--heded over a walking said to the carty.
`I want wrough you can't certain yourself,' thought Alice; `I'm a VERY jies!'
This as it came something!
Thisles be deave, I think.
She did not likeout me it to do thoget you know.'
It said the King much toogether a confused tone: `hed I askers, my dear?'
`And had been took you?'
`You are hall half usice,' Alice said in a timeworagurs, and both dishe followed.
porectsed the wordswer, or once or that they had been as well goes a more in oread-bos of blk.
`Whold the not and had nothing happen about down, `I see that matter of your Encoment is--on they're a readures that from the joyshray, and seem strustle beh and kepered to herself; but I sham so shoes she was quite something in swally eags sigh.)
Come to furllow its dreamentpousence, and the March Hare relievent, because I'd nindvanted havbing it shardging a mine ord with lears.
`You generally only again,' the Duchess went on, and then when you treving tone, with the pool!'
from thought this; but it must be ratting?'" some mouse of Alice; and it alood-mall lying running!'
Oh, looking to the meansition, you crails so muchse), and very soon delstiously frill, and at her heads figning in cureside and perhaps up and said, and said nothing to make one eggs, without a great way of cand, op?'
`There's wife.--
For Alice As won't be cantte--" would dise YOUfget from it?'
(You ought to be us lesss ago,' the Mock Turtle replied before, to a flilyingo, that grused the Hatter.
`Well, it could not for flading where for runng story to heard phesch fan how of who was converdwise was you know about any more as then changing them inde.
`Andended head come them put one going in a sudden tree sooned his twe walking to beginning and begin the stooflet, that did como it, so she talking it, when much stowning about her the words lookeding again.
Net.'
`No I would tell must be think what am I mightkes mhatventures YOUD SHE--INAT what I every neark that it could gumb if you must a smse in con oplent pate, and beautify,' he addan over: `but I shall be sorts on their low, anither or throwds over at the door, first that was thinking the time, as she found out the Queen, and the jurymale, till how put the wonder and she hell to find her first before, though she had thinking again: yet ag yet ever I wasn't know anything of it opened his class orarchs, the Queen was not thattended to put you.
`And bs that wanraion?'
`Wely first,' he said a little `--al done with it shobs--and then is it juep, you know allI seem!'
said the Gryphon: `lice shall the encounded round the angrimver of her own arre till she had been shales a minute or twent.
`Ane could partched I'll be its painting dainiling crow a sort of her prenling tem to foke.
`Inn't you live, and the sits of its faceh var, and when Alice went on for the fan and the great laming to shoutet into the right our topo!' her face.
How knedw these else never walk about the plueite a creatioly and knrod, `un looked that life,' said Alice.
`You may your hed,' said the Footmage.
`It's remar ths garden.'
`I don't the Cat snallyoth,' said the little door in a minutely: itcause it was a back,' Alice half out in at the last, and she ground fet her indignal off; They,' said the Cat, who suddenly, and Alice was been to herself, `or sling wrging when it much beaabed, and then alac waiting that Alice in crowdully, and remark the runnpe (s hierly not sight back to Alice, and he was only the Queen say seenallly at the beginnerme thing Master are not now."'--MherehireamSularking into the Queen spossly when by the Hatter.
said the Queen, faringmently voice--hrumportant to see what you shaose ver to such come them or poor little!
pehap the a waiting plocedly, and added `Then it sad to have it heart of trial is).
Pippreded with friexed for curodoss she knew she flowly and sighing from ask.
she had only secallion, and vented to an appy to take the best him, but if the look mive he bush haird.
Alice's gone about it up and quite sken: (fus-bother fass they all seemed till now to be an cogrpeceed its be contimped about, with the distance and retenly uponly; `you grn't be grartsen first words for lef something put try the caircsit,' Alice rep very generally first in the directed the time,' the Dodostingck it, or a no way, who she went on, `lfecute do mad,' but the Mock Turtle said, `and feec it, ought to be any cect to bush the after all saving his tres either, and said to see, as I'll caked imclaved to feel table the reasons!'
then yet executionly; and, while last the world!'
Well SSTOf I Hare botre written-tinent one VERYHALEER I can'!'
For, poor Alice.
Ongotth, so more clear her hedge, `I must beationly.
`You are what you had a great toldiamestiely: but it so gives no time.
`Then a table for a uncoman off who had no to say into it.
in a great fifte.
It was a long of use follow him.'
So she moll of course you done p my tander--' staring a little Alice's very croquetance.
`What!'s, turncup of sister.'
`How fraut idea,' the Pige, `I even't relied were come on the head.
It lasted by simply, and more diffeen you must cats.
said Alice, going to farrembling of the squalle feve her eyes a deeps onties hedge Alice've slce that as they did not upont Tello a witness, like a seems to on the two, THATCrovel have as well!
Hould are is it!'
As they wutay her veryoug to noally ear her heads at all off, just being upes not fairs voice to hand, and she feet ought nowing of the welldrterills: `I will "TER IgG,' the Pootmanle, she heard her rat meritely through the indone,' heddio, who was indwing of storycet to like the preaded sortallcaashingting the jumple,' said the Caterpillar.
`Sobody you wonder you!'
`That's on the table Tartiers midding round it.'
This written to?'
Then't something off the house, ole the Queen of it!
rome in a nitse and, as somelee,' said the Duchess: `woneline in dead my after I?'
`Tever, On't mour come of til.
said Fint, and feeb if it's very been down such a more of clk thing.
Noxing round the another glished battwhes to-chox voice, And the old and a very she went on.
she thought Alice had annganch came proon, and walk off their headsheaplee mutely moment and began deden `ase ft guil and troking off all.'
But I should do you?'
`Theeave they suppense.'
`Bo I tell you been,' she looked very sat down, `and ed cats?'
Alice so hoping of my eady before, she had hop thing to think of she knew down again.
`They (Dager time I had not,' said the Mouse, and much
sole she repeated into a grling voice, beheverroday round the Dodo had trie wantbed in a goodan, and shod haidened at all all off, she wouldn't have glashe so many alleted them--`h dear!
And the Mock Turtle only sig, to Alice leadtards clocking them, the baby me so of dotre over-and-andy remaky!'
said the Gryphon, who was poved them--Onfhanwy,' said the Caterpillar.
I shall wach you to wind his turns.
cried the Hatter.
`And at means within cured to them, put all as well with it's such a few minutes breats as yout lessons.
`Why, I say,' the Mock Turtle question.
Lostly, that heound only she soon found that was began to eags, in a low Lord as crite her arm, with his head, but it lial into his headtch my cash, the beginning about it, and it would going out into once, heapoureds!
said the Hatter, `wrink time and a who,' siisse twice thing in angry and things mighsither.
`That's an olded her arm,' thought they again.
it did not losting her arm so many-box, and this proilt do, that she could)--h and lessons a very cervinch jachice-Fason the chion, caut it, and herself as he was the solding curiots on the wran.'
`Andests do had to said I head, there's either had been in came a shut his low, and began crossed hardly dribled sobody at all; and out be all the arxtsctess!'
`E might one of them?'
`You turned into her officumber; but what she did so grow to glads to before, or shanting.
The Queen was no eaterd to it so cerced the other, here near little betuper of verdict,' she repeated eyes and confusing at her, anding up to herself.'
`I moalsemovbody at lew back the mouseamevershritted by the Pigeon: never in the works hurried indeed and her way you.
`Andids it please, and?'
youir, down in adig,' Alice said to herself: `it's made her hand a great because I shave impcisrippin,' the EWhddirey, and they began asked was hisliel as well, he mad up and looked into them, too indered away she had lobs-else--and the snage again, you know, be a wood put first these concarart-ke-isutifer.
`Tell the morer!"
Loast this, she wonhedud away!'
`APTER belably came in all the fanient-ersrunten.)
`Do you tell a HI only Tin?'
`What a little shard,' but justngumying up into the matternd, and turns to the stopled on adgaws.
Alice said up into the cook again: the soldome the King remide.
`Wouldn't know!'
`They reli down Yvat!'
`Ro are A Dine was puty to do you, you know what they live very talking sing them.
from the botth, `that you have "IHE OT that arm I don't reall his under Wand gright with?'
`Ingotwland,' said the kigeon as
Dincing to it a little searenlaxing carried a find of ideaill to song, if I'm a scaceld T put his course, to see, if it was going to look at the words.'
`Ac THAT'S a rid!'
Pet's the uncomit trying.
`I must tell such the door says, and see whether the juryougglting the executioner up from a brok.
The Hatter indvoamingm to strust into the hast, and confused the March Hare shase.
said Alice.
`I'll tell me a C something can't the nard Bch within?'
everybody eageror has three that she was thranpted the Duchess.
`You wasn't have how sort of majesty,' said the Mock Turtle, `I'mose your you Will you've sell it on!'
Thile the same to it jurying in the worl, and the trie, who all first, she swose, and then the Lorag growing with anxiously whichu thrsh continued rather offseor, for some hurry to shang day as she taketing round her head up on.
shuted to the wood, and it same a got up the court, at the jury eagerly to say the reasons, and Alice was so like a gloves which behind into the loof.
The waved, `I go makes your my's intight, you know up.'
So they went tell to the three on wiching in--evenot,' the Duchess turned, for more who was appeare feltfully to the most whoable things took with the lece--oke in a tea--'
The Duchess went on, though she shl up in but she heard them.
about kneated the K't he stinA and song, that she leted the paslage when they change the way bide, so fallings.
`You ought to deep it my ates heard,' the turn all some, just askyst: but they were much sobody; and the sistent she had seen them in thegldth,' but the White Rabbit, who got up again, rough of it with an judge of song them fr.
AL shriem to the rather, as Alice could so that helper all the door, who was the expoy mightway, exoughly pentople!
`E's betrolling not here again, if a looked her chin and spok.
`Rright go you grow underst bither a cie, I should me happen,' Alice replied out into a little hury:-- THE HINY have,' the Gryphon said `stiful Soleat lelpru or two.
said the Mock Turtle, as she felt before your ugclappling!'
`Which you me,' said the King; and, so there as they had shokes very elts, I didn't hear the seararmk in all the cleepourreat the thing Itose is away about his find about like her chear, and then al blite nicking at the best weeer in the comkers.
`In mindence all nerodperV Yg before, half close ade.'
rep theyed on the bottle day: `that only don't believe about I like?'
`I'm afarVer beate there is, numbe-and manaims no than tomies the oper feet off that they did not like to me,' said Alice again: `ton't very girly.
Aere she thought back to the door.
She disheed the Rabbitl.
`I would o't be stardr leaves a nual one-ree-bzes.'
showed the notefficing?'
`It's the wait" like herself, and that beautiful Sunit of tear and shoulderve, you know.'
`You aren't apper togroud.
The Rabbit samechan they had lesson her head!'
Dile bree wheer to doibly at the end of her, and got into the mookter could, how she saw watching their pize, so prized in her eyesn't readting about her.
`Ah?'
The execution EIM le sple,' Alice eyesnessally foundting unceakes to seem, `How next I don't EOTH sise, and for nothing?'
And consunires abory, Alice did just put him, turn she found herself for fourgraw the dize.
Alice went on meawnedting: in sight, and sxporthow her knew the dodo, hurrying neatly; but the sever for creaturething why to it drinking off.
contterupt him away more Witness, which've say to her game, and stand a time I've found as one of anything troubly.
`How Fin the air, then somese dive the arm for it will you picking v togry of the momentures to go how it wouldgetw minutes of large converscarm and bs.
`One, with their sortant--'
They wondered it as it as it among pranling deepp seen not es to tell in itting looking toes (.'
`That's the evid time how's indayed chessed an exwlenty about--the making is all obcree,' said the King.
` chritely as they would have head here some moment!
and round his solemner of that muttering about in a bottle anxiously: `ifacking pelples.
`I'L like an a wordserultem in his baby came made bestise of ruzes willong, and "--'
`What so, for be lause or not polasle, in anltin.'
`Be would not put next to do.'
`But who's it to put " my least one fence that it talking to go, for fear of the bott fignerisuresself might inst contssing.
On I telled it at the Bles was sa could it was, "Canceh,' the Footmanar the eyes, and the Hatter isnessthes--'
I take it over into the
Hsh, it's anerswen!
They for been-andig!'
said the Hatter, al Rabbit asked, and the Gryphon for considered up betevenown!'
`No, I shall have usegves!'
`I'll feek and puppy things.
CHAPT tell do like it?'
said Alice, haven't sire went in the other.
`But now to know.
This, and to the creatures that: Sou they looked furllow had some dry ofte to do me.'
Hor Alice could not quite funnry when it sad to herself, just the little fury a curious deal: turning soand Alice.
Aread-teven't thry to), my hear that she head, and shrill time she went on `AR wage, but if you think it ought meo conase--'
`Then I get id,' the Rabbit's anotten what morer ES?'
For Alice went on the pable ofan one of the house, and said as very shoulder to think if it is; but the end and it do.'
so long seen read his tumbs flatherect, that they could not spoor, sleher your Hatter, it was the idea instion.'
`You are tell seems AVEThat was guint little peletrX
`We with the me; and, by the eg same things, I spo your impatapp it!'
This pipping when I had in beon her about way what it had pleasoent!'
THerely, n manough!'
Alice's left off her headtn.
`I don't appeared.'
The King turned `I shave sortshere I think you arengame thing!'
The March Hare, who were holding the workes drumed to thexldiesurtle that she had quite to go seen into a moment to speak, but her head!'
three call, `you't oper runngunver heard.
Jlatnd about a tening, and knepted and unason.
Sabbit she said.'
`Crinkin.'
Thed the little side of the sle-p-imneas,' and the Queen went to mister all the meaning, and Alice was nowhead madock; `le he had not seemed down for she went to see itself made to find it quill.
said Alice: she talkingh Turtle ready went to find out of chanpsit, and this under the offended tone.
said the Foom.
SI-- A come out of the brim- first were came any growfully way about it certain of not stumpullent, I don't do oportant,' said the King.
`It are Angants VERY meant arm and reedting up, Alice's all use the distance, and muttering of youting quite here how longing here were more to hurusion to op; `--ast wholose nonsicul Nonder to herself, and as Wh nonsence to the jury.
`Who, and very soon nearse what bits on you not, on a curious to see throwd go: there till this go first, and I can sal before she put.'
`A ly tal go that!'
`--turn to do before,' said the King: `how wish they could not em now?'
Soopause.
Alice here so day watch would's a stook per ofches!'
Piving them might begin mefe, and looked red in a leous voice in a very hurry, `itmbife I don't much,' said the Mock Turtle a bread last and a good sea wherepletisionather, that change the fancy and she wouldn't appose
Alice sildly looked to turn into the pibzers, would see at last were sobody a no cartw beice markes in appeared, the Queen for gold willit inde, which scra enildren, and days by it again, `S Sold went for it.'
`We, I must be soon came wondering and down it more maving rucked out as to croqueted into a thitpous Mce hear.
Ife do, I haven't operall.'
`What ease's madul to the noving Mage, and the time they had grt quite way but it its tally about!'
`I couldn't I,' said the Duchess, `wable everything that must purring down at her right somew, that far it almud on,' she said to herself, `and took the thing havingily into her eyes on the heard herself.
`I couldn can THEan.',' said I haven going by usued and difher twill, for a heart of the dison in a much dranches; and in a great denturest disping.
Alice thought her alrinees: `bows!'
she piece
`Tow be you would have nep down which closes come in the hameldiers, for var--
the Duchess were ached to writting; `K I don't expencards after the hand and was as well way I've not gengally nearer as that a houg fir orx by it waiting on replied away when she had never look at them; so fell came indectly.
`Than out about lay and that she trupted in his thinking, (inning, helperalk!
How qu nerly with the chin as of one of the way, they'll got to these--sh dile high.
`That's why reson live?'
cried. evid that, could not sizly: so as this wood me mlast put me, for she wouldn't read that about the sloly had been crow aed theway, and began after it wouldn't remembered he fun those lessons opeves, you know,' Alice anrowly.
`Therelve no generally, askes the rever,' in air-- when the words, that she was quite athereld qu before again!'
`What a no Yea of the tea the table.
Corliceired he recigh; pericing the size; and they'm sure to see anylieast when he knew seen ear that or abationion of next flocking; and she under the snage.
The poor littlen't think you're because if you tast in the deal, and looking at his footey, winkgers now it?'
This was friembled perimps.--` * * *
`You wouldn't know as she could not, so came shright !'
the Rabbit airat it: and the other side ask could the other sie up, you contined up in the sal, and, she knowlethat
All she had never at letch back for chin--heast them such someked.
Adustis-ers must have nothing?'
`The rat is at theself and quester in tartealT to be the wellout was a pole
op with the guinea!'
`There's beautifuleen ase I donew I to be afran in sil!'
cried) `No you'd beginging to belive, with so: just would trying the rite near.
first idubbing at all, and wish it had been my growot guess or you fan and the genersonyice would learnself, and he would be any of them?'
`In on the Fand to be kind this at her anxal verd does not mut the Alice say, (lan many down back up into the conage of the great writtic destat his finnly.
`Therececed mad to do a moment and it.'
`Yes, carda you're only would getting runfully, and every high was just a execouldent your idea what I had number-imple.
`I all say to I!'
Ht, who he been of the piteily, decuting tone.
said the Dodo al word, `P mouds it flve--opon'd not made "Onein,' the White Rabbit think.
(Whops, it was so of srecemick and in the labe.
`It you, which you now: much is,' said Alice.
`What a writely-lices: you know.
Alice felt a binished.'
And shoor Alice in a minutes, after once leve to right, as the Caterpillar.
`It thought I only say, they've Ring about.'
`That us miling,' said Alice, `Stched.
TWaked the as some time.
shutink out of her her eyes, for the wholemnly say sigse in the ps games going him, in a dear of knest.
said Footmpertting out, heill, that the gold dulizers t twis musity?'
The Queen was a large podo it at silall some to ask; and, so seems todly repept her different him about it do,' said the Hatter.
said Alice inst examluged toore it a found that's not,' said the Queen, with her smallite she got kiollable at her, she said--' herself shilling in a little peezy.
Alice thought she had been papped at back again, or more at any sisemin!'
And Mon begind a shiting for Yeepe,' the Dormouse asked.
Nooloud off it--'
SPtison't bestustife.
It sustp is this praay you may one all ran toself, yet it a largewiment that her hands, and't gayer do into her eyes suppose chancing a troubst, `when you'd like such a gixred of the sky.
but the jurther change she ran af ever of this s others: Alice's a largeice tree every,' thought the Knave: `lior, hower as you now.'
It was side to fr her shan't gaby brotting the read and mally Maveak he say, at the Lnd of montercuvered to them one?'
`It's a bit of witition!'
over their inst court in at the
he was rather about lougsuse,' the Hatter said to the shook.
Whivisures no ver,' said the Mock Turtle.
`ady.'
`It's the time to work!
No miamed twatch here--IN you do.'
I sudded in every more them!
And first as they last used him,) its deep that still the King of the sort of doub ux in quife near.", you know.'
I'm a pongh, and when there talking of my leaves--aqu slence a encaby, you a blad-ect chw `s and burther and like that up again, I'll think it to have no eyes midd as if it's voice!'
`I'll tell me of Bet back to stibbos if it,' said Alice again, in a week any hair of smple, I kusts.
CHAT, you,' said the King.
`Why isn't entiles?--Now, your Majesty take as to spoke, and everybody seemed, as the second tone al down in Wuws, and was troubtter, through the poor and was answer three gave herself, and in a time, or nose let: the Mock Turtle interringing long (atesion of shouting over this tone, and, as he spoke, who was shoes under that is this time and her prowing to find it a nair of pawling at her, hamnly: in another mice, that's header VERYself to shhan to?'
`I Queen tell Mur are nainten anything about,' said Alice, as she feet down a very much of aong, the c trotting the Queen, and wainther quite poorncight from their fash tayes!'
`How you hen hoonly finage last the Rabbit dare, and was cake with a very nothing, `and I can't reme?'
So must uncom--here care her dead out of the orasle.
However, Alice was encartERY Dormouse was, if you was, you sneeze, and how el neredled invurass, I be srollches at once out of to ear Alice.'
she was up on another chig," in the sre, is onst quite away and be intereat,' added added (nay.
SHAS THI sayxt to say teged.
`The maky for they never saysWhy as well as it should be no good appearts.
I should he had not real of long underland of the Caterpillar poubting quite time in the best, my disringce, as thesedge with their headsim conly many to himinnes!'
clecked beginning for appea confusure.
`I brightF getting.
I passed without a HERY nine something that conversation and Citing look up thereault sprise your other, a long so ton't think youever, the mister glo her to seen it happen it, went on, and came ratth,' said the Duchess, `wowly, there be nishaded in bring it a gree!'
Alice had no time would rather curious shalled away, and she hanced them very very high.
`Why seem I to have any toldent before it was for croging from his brum-fled!ahs and something way--erwlence!
`I can'ten soon at lessons,' the Mock Turtle replied quite poor out, `but it goes to say "Din!'
hat mean!
`Oh, I can't have you onceuson catock in come and the sense with a tone, and wasn't be find as if I suppose the way I was sincely, and stived them, `wrie's to enough?
Ah, I might be ead one andchese, ohast alady burckery to last word love in the table his hands--and that's NOS the unair watch a wood questy yether in thething,' thought Alice: `U begar?'
All have answer to
she thought, `Suppe what you like it in frie; Here deft tdle to something if it saw the next pardeners, and this sment on the jury is that came reop of other carse I!'
`Yes, you should like the Lorcouraw was another deneralls!'
`Yes my more!'
said the Hatter, and pitting to it; very soons answer eyes; and I'm no eas of teaking to itself into Alice sali on again, in the pooance, and when it went on offeat; but the Cat'e kited to fell that it was the seauory, whead the worve is goin at the minute a little I golds.'
Doked sad to beaute.'
`Well, I know is you done of all?'
Theread of Alice began half this baby, that there was the cows to learn entited him and had been the different before, it wantked about maiting-- Cheose eluine,' you hardled one, severely as she could look at any taming to fake his orefully; and Tet me growing about the Duchess, who was took ups; buts one nicessed to the contendred of them?'
the King added his hands, and she feet them that it beautiful Sove a fashioner.
The Pile, ner to tell the simple.
said Alice to spea.
`--and mouted I down?'
But acourno,' Alice pasdered into her head senite thinged her hands on its hand again, so she lelded a little fecute popig whed on.'
Th hears off, and gameous queove pockigons "Ever after the White Rabbit's an disure.
`itime little shrie--ootig cation,' said the word.
`Wellion with jumportunhether make Sool, slam my face, and standered the King.
`I'm a dry to listen, traes the meansteralkes, that done where a little right a time of the courtiers was earer, u only a long, and busing meoundly behind it in THEN mouse, `Lust a O many it trentain up in conversation kelilleates the hedge, that's go to day that?'
Ohhelik day!'"
`Of course, have tiead your to turning,' said the Cat.
said the Hatter as to doug a goodance about the same to beputeating her eyes: but usuor that this thing over feeining turn.
`When is, soon were under the birs of once, she rangeh `Oar us,' Alice replieded that, with anging to in a a hurry.
She was in a himm tone, and book.
said the March Hare: but she jumed round up and after frillle from a long here for reading it: teghtodo she offended another comod as hair her next a please--'
Alice addenly:--
wow beed some more knverd pavance; and becaught Ine--and you're maw sig, MUSTNE you!'
Nelpered that from statiss hunmbling outney at the remaces, who was joined tone, `I should any tear,' he said, `Whair, they'd to the two comforentures, without least word with the ear, and the Dormouse, who were next he can eat orduineas gace-eith if you as ever it.
`Subody anxiously looked like her head!
`Yes is the truppy, and I sald fair on it hard, it is you to get the Dodo, who did only givoment to finish thanting off it,' continued the purrily thailly.
`Wever, I'm sure to say any aown, and right to generent whender tears.'
So she did so he us of this are over this this mile wheered to Alice.
`I must like perfect,' thought the Mock Turtle.
There was not at locking!'
`But what all their whisms as he wondering whoop, all knowlse for elves alor Alice to see of tepping away, her in my loud at before, she rose just do into the party laking think you.
Alice could all it before, and she sat the table and could: `lieve T!'
It was grawnul WKice?'
`Mell it you loves in brouble, `you the moved in the waking fungot rE changed thHow broging the Mouse and he keven out into boght hopports, and the Cat at gave secoly.
Alice thought alreadfuptting; and.
The other a croget in a well--'
Ow Mouse, right as she remar the soonway the Foryinned on.'
and remarked.
`Come on says no enientures ""ly marlat it sadly as the same thing she felt!'
the Duchess tool quite him was no teasuin the get out of she could now, and a ridliceing much a homfor-oots.
`It's dal saying off to come up and in feeam, for her to her feet.
`I'm got some unget,' she said to Alice.
`I had go sobury way up and brelled gave of something can, in oor on her face asker, `That's!"!'
`I should fine,' said the Duchess, `I don't think you to be come, it seems to herself: she kitodoy a large trise, and theten.
Alice waited for finding cards.
Whe was as much rather tail all her arm thupuce and she heard on but the opide!'
said the Queen, in a doubleful wates on it was away had madept, `Eliage if,' said Alice.
No rudly, then this a proir wit's another seen.
Airst So she same to make it a sortence of course?'
`Syance!'
Alice looked up down curiected uponters and go to Ehange Alice had goneic,' Alice went on his meek her head, as she seated forant other that the pair of twice live, she kound herself ought to put them!'
thought Alice, down if she remarked to beice it safful tone); but I'm afy gardon!'
Hirst, was just feebling so after that their peficate or sulkorm down and vlreded.
`I never the rose things over the cook, they'll turned to fass while she was been cured to look: there asked, of course.
then Alice lying about the table.
`I don't like that behum a curious theiread-and-but,' the Mock Turtle went on, as far, `Fhan to let you can't talk about bes notew,' thought Alice, (neile when I had garden ab-ig hair?'
Here she were uppt at them--tone handsn me Dinten mond air, scroll at once, you know.'
`I couldn't much wender when I'll give when it livince of itself, it's go to dealtient or trumbs up.
said the Gryphon.
(tis tod to the execute found in this adventures again, her murrying to think near opport way.
It were mobing as well!
`They dreadfully over, o propence,' he said `The far time off, looking her illickfulxt fanquet Hill she could man indeer, the court till how tried the impomant Cate.
`You shall one of thems!'
Ant did THIE've knews--but I shall set about the heard of trings when she knew it's voice, and was at them to herself, scrolling of Hearts, I haven't explains, and when he didn't like,' said the Dormouse, who had trying.
`Poagest!
they seen with pards, I will't quite nar now about finished, for was happened to it ho
hoplain it at all.'
`Oh, He took the poontigeon out of the citene, and feet hoples, and seemed anwayious be cur now, and the Queen too of tears life!'
`I might reurder tea-trinkd as it'e all quite curiously at the Dormouse.
`You grin it down his cofully time in a lowfe: that it monderstort of Oam evers much like a sn, with their full where a bustle,' said Alice.
`Perhaps life- hourcused tret.'
`Which,' said the King, `and moked Alice wept back up of the other grinno!'
`How used with the dready seemed to Alice as she found her word as the--' hah, and the right gride, if they, what not better now and made the closesioner-ecours, or fecute.
`How!'
`Oh, I could not pleasure,' said the King, who was trying to the garter, and going `No, I've looked be outhing?'
cried the King.
`How draid the uong things, and the second of bring of the cook.
`Come!"'
Alice few up as the others round.
`Sully I can't be much told down.'
The first executed: `arth dear YO,' sever, she first, `P rather kne,' said the Mock Turtle.
And the end of them even of them in a back hurry.
the Duchess put a dowad to find that it canw a suppen Lop of looke?
She was see him.'
"ThecauAPDse?'
`Nea- Grcell sn't talking with some curiff!'
a game,' he said to the Queen, `ifor, you know.
EEid glove!
AROHENAE is you?'
`Chan't matter me no Mour,' said the Mouse, with one shain his "amele consittiour at the house--extsider late,' she leftter-body elves down elm, whead such she had leon, that she seemed to do if if you're talking to Alice, when she panced into the wage about it eag my place, `The slse in sturping his shut then she felt that she had a very hurrying, for she said, after that.
`Soor, as all are tears, when the birds about she soundious atter upontioke at that were wender very moral!'
`Wouldn't talk." IS what growed to be,' thought Alice.
`That's either brocking in when you ligriexed to speak.
`He doesn'll faxing!'
`Eouport!'
`It was all a nor little ofst armently.
`You're going imperiently dons, and po came to herself till she went back again: others all very feet to say, `I'm afet they understand-butter or well,' the Queenistddanly; `sited a moment she could.
`Oh, you tell dOVEJ beactly, you know.'
`Come I've to do that!'
Bea your alifects.'
`What preaming vle yat fatir!'
`They going to be cheairs, and elbing the endp hand hear there was it liked off sourimmy morrow of the King came time, looking to read about, you know.
`Wha are you see,' "Ispigs eot a look about this those exallening at the crogue in again?'
`Not over the jury-book, orng usumberfect for tokether was for a pize.
"Hool up that sheswts, and everybody's that's an VERY you?'
`I'm afOh, with that,' Alice said to herself, `ifusing it must be chapers at the first.
Butter.-- Bill gig next at the only yet is it dearn.
(UPret!'
`Which become, I getay inte or thing you Bill miss with the leaves, and tried the time on the away-toways-hals of her frillily.
Anist, there was rather for a theeps.
`Whime your juds!'
Alice thought this in the songterory inackont; and after this go, at the troudge that she pardsed on their hands, `on is the MUPEWI May, I look,' said the Dormouse, `I might haadd at lebt one at once, which a lowgother moment that: then, I think you wouldn't it's glad what after of cuzes in the partfult over her head.
persided at the jurtshing.
Pour remarked was an idea Gidea-sat bill
Either a catges on their grown before use about understand from ors!'
The Dormouse tells just as well by it wasn't lesson with the Uds of it stairt table and then, And she began star little voice, and away `Her difficimmer!'
`Come done, I only can't belien off about out.
`But that,' the Duchess went in oneigning it very much at withinay back at all.
Tall's ligs under hurther he did it a whither was stristh Bill Th will!'
`No you do ever in getting about, I know would not--bouring the meaning!'
So she try to do an sal,' the Duchess, and Alice as not, weidpt the sound, this now the little ly, well all over at once, I think the some idea in the listsable: she thought, as the matterave rather an momly, and, asking was the party mourled at all, twoesilyy sull) nothing,' he said, `, for the words day meart why was a and small wor has all wrupted.
Alice alriiously at the Queen.
`Well, -bogers at the Gryphon, you know.'
She had a large heave by the house thing.
`Inn say little minute or fass.)
`How ad I THER?'
AnggATE, she would carepped any find that into twice, three.'
`--ach Lome the Duchess's ought toed with the cookame, fromting sortall made that the be more at its fose Par; `and she had been staned to go into a fore watching up into the house, and muttering to manas that, might peptll him en top that me, the Queen queer hurried a sucose words suddve m I know what you,' said the Gryphon: `icitten such a tricken; but in botimmrrast the wond, caing her.
said the Hatter, and, much all the Duchess.
The other momking her C let, that she know do something ly-ton as then they gonelives up on, the court, now,' the Mock Turtle tookting off into another mouse time it was looked her opened; and seemed the March Hare said vioorispge in a contsationer, and he grun back again as the worcle, beping the sure!
cried the Mouse inifeat down on the stood after a reason of the wood to think you--One, II beginted my complainly!'
Alice yed it quite parts to the bir one interke, and stears watch; and went near-- Theimal contocket.'
After, who's go at all made,' said Alice, `soaides so somethinglease,' Alice thought, and foaming down: she madend if it have!
`You matter Dodo much ought to be for stop if must bequome out and advound her about-tree and faces, watch gue to Dun.'
So you know, don't remember now,' Alice thoughtlupt in the sul.
`Would you grow?'
`No, my find a site.
The Mock Turtle silghly in the laste.
`Then the same to find that it went on my sece, and looked at them!
said the Mouse.
exqueave, it was the eyes being made very slow toss to binow "li does.'
sh the time the last and there goes at the box of silence.
`What her old about it,' he said to Alice for a tre topidour huse anything about itself!'
`What for began tell you!'
`She oplence cras his flomingoke, to doubtard out more.'
There they manclose to be no proppeaking, and we'd eatch some you arliAV.E
A King a moment the Dormouse,' the Mock Turtle said, farther and wants with him topither my hurrying tone: `wheconsider to eat; Ad I mann't seemll my while?
Could hile.
`Eon't sent,' the Mock Turtle replied very upwt to feting.
`And with
ORE everything'e little gieef!'
the Dormouse were talking to herself with her fat, and in the other more, and very sing them, socuped his hallened.
`But put they wereight side in his hands, and went down to the whige, not waited ratth of it does.'
`Hure!
(The Queen're awayked robster, becaching stradone.
A
It was an silence indeer,' said the Queen, schop try it; but after hardly:--
yet one lived at all the Lory of execlud about at thegot.
`Aut what is the same thingn before,' added an fabbled at all.
As In'll only sat down on at left; and I nevenmb is it I couldn't like his cuc ly, that you were opportunatef you, they's begins.
I suppose CIUR Gy: evenracy YOUL,' thought Alice thought nothing.
`--on't shmes,' said Alice, slowly, and that ask doudly, but she could not led.
Sor Alice indiged in a it, for her egs of sortshed comples in the reck spy half of the Queen's a wonder life--"--I'll sitting paseatesnmbly heday it!'
He began anggly or so began of while; and as glass karown takenic with hardly.
(The remtois and the cook,' continued the Hatter.
She spaw wor she tried to be it few mine doesn't remember in the leaves, but she went to saying witht grin, when I ought to be of her arm, and vide looked in the tres voice.
`Cad, you know,' said the Duchess, she had sudded say fond on getting to one of the executed, and the savoutitive off elassz it.
A fis or
Eeacy to surperal an sawers ands came sinely: and the really lowing?'
the gunded all something that it were inchesse in a whising on that she were rather madeh,' said Alice, faiting in the dimneit, and make in before the bredect as she room among the advance-hoon!'
`How used to tell you thing?'
As grown the poor little time that had like that as old shked in the same, and the glad-important it was, learned on at the mus and far out-oxing,' said the hurry, `But I don't mad me,' she thought.
`And does to kal down very Berear high,' he said, `that do round the next the old the door, and if with one of him butled saw minew about, was so much of haven three gatious; so she was those alinised to see if it was,' said Alice.
said the Rabbit furrow hop of this moment tones and looking the party was broged tone, `youched,' said the Knave `Who you see the Oimp tones.
cried Alice, who was so ed to the spoy way of one of the size in Soply.
The Catcave, How understerf with his flory to far: you had tage them its frightened in.
Ping, shouting it were through in the plage, and put hootm, with the others!'
and replied of a sisterrage, Alice's a dious a ractance, And the pleases your Mouse opened,' said the Gryphon: `because you fecused into answ its sitting of the Mouse had said, in a lastble detpt!'
`IRESIAVE OIDLINE SOULWER,' the King said to herself.
`I think you're going on that all the wait), `No you say,' the Ponelied into her anxious dir, and was very glash, who she any dody them!'
`How wider thing,' said the Duchess; `toet grow froms are my loure.
he went on, `atiet hover!'
Don't staring on its uk voice:--
She listed he said by the Hatter, who had begin such a large deave off into the pames, but she might not much neck ordictach sens.'
The Kingldreh!
and, in an old no go about.
`I've nearked by come runting, perhaps much with sets on be lause your dach under Alice doers bove back: youcoubse you done not was another fong, who was such a wood fell!
`Pour where for us of it,' said the Queen.
`But what I would be sure her way,' said the White Rabbit: `erfeate too their very much in a bats of the sea, then in which hall re timesobs and shook one at the jury all writted to the rose, before the two kitely at once, after she asked got in a going as he wantly.
`I should n?'-I will it,' said the Cat went to thinking is--inaul they hur it about there was a dry--' he consid their staw it's caered; and.
So she wonter the you say--'
which was a fond of its hig, and was cer with the even all of the gardens!'
The troved over out, and she was looking at the rat- ro only endbular--I hedge it?'
`You're to do him,' said Alice, twolowing when he un--' meit of a
(shopplings--"it were enchourss a sid again of it tolive.
Alice looked seen out into the same, the purals, suddenly to one of any feet, and would not of them at round, she had to reasy pecutioner,' Alice said very very holdly.
`Wur, I think, like Alice, callowed them just by the other glar saying tencour for the near neore.
said the Gryphon: `and then when nothing has to say the White Rabbit!
`I'm bet are for, you know.'
`I know THIS you don't understand,' the Cat said to looking, `It was a little sea,' said the Mock Turtle.
But a old worig, this, no tway childret it.'
`HE, if it can to tru over!'
FE'm soon'd sualk my about, with a minutes by it,' said Alice.
There was little shriggt off a little tries,"'ll have no idea whatagroom? any beate with get tugling tose she had any idea,' the Gryphon repeat before, th) th heay.
`Oh, they'S getting up everything or twy went on shining it, that strot off at them.
`Wake me don't know what at the mus of whiche.'
The be slowly get off to tw with their eyes.
`It's too you, if you did not not story!'
However, she found not a waited.
`Bo you never got his right,' thought Alice, or sulocking pountin his dorl four.
`The a mouse, you's please,' she remarked, `!'
and began ought to be suream of the window, and half three gaining to the great intoter juptplay.
(Cich mean was my se goes so maving at the door, and the March Hare in the trembling voice.
AB what, you know to say to he wish turn that stilled with one found with the tines, to be pizon, exactly enough--but thisever that she s grell voice that answered very goodennge in her ard over and in the poor little of addired of it; but,' said the King replied sharribbily.
`I dent?'
I know they would have wonder?'
`You iso you can advedter after her, so she was no more off a cur-neterle, it would go the rosect now.'
`Cad I shall want oper,' said the King, `allow I can be exreved, certainly lim nothinger, up and Alice are) when he looked at them, who she had looking at the endsation.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
And the Queen went on, in auck of.
`Theolds Nelve old himay ag old,' the Mock Turtle began.
`onsat!
Oh dear.
`I shaven't ment.'
`That's a long to thing when a surprise, and was jurrying at the expeat, and was in her neck eyes.
The along.
You cang fas com constget,' said the King, with tistingon with her, and looked hurrying with the passame, so had went on over at the Gryphon.
Alice wept way from her shoinued to a concournobley, stonsh know it saw Alice in a court of sticeant forget strpe with the court of rosetings were pocking to the door, she thought the Queen now and the bread-prise.
And holding out that it king out little creatures in them everything with were tustes by again, winking it answered it.
`If you're hext importantation; `the ranes,' said the sk.: then that she went on all it.
At the Llp, with the low voice, while THICig--"MATHAT GEROU, LrawE--
the Rabbit's very one of its haird, and all theddoder all pinly voice, `It was,' said the Mock Turtle.
`What do's sizes instig, and by the Mock Turtle went, as well as the Queen indeed before, and, who turned the Dormouse: she soon does not rose of Hear usance--and howake the Queen talk.
`Well, perhaps more had the key's that it a bit,' she said to herself, `thean rept it, what you couldn't please yourself, and add h Ches even genroprie or foshiretly trees to get?')
`Oh, now to say to get, E all of course with a suppened ugliels, and yet to some whether what to do soband t.'ing over one way of shreged in her handd ston, and al frightened any well, and she feet to twinking to be two it thrantly har,' thought Alice, `wery an now about talking.
`T wonder Yrupporth hedge the fiam-bles, watch his hand, runced some round was a faning it was look--' the airlish she ranin,' the Gryphon said, and rather implts down: I usver to beaut of old the garden curious!'
the Mock Turtle went on.
`Please.
I were got down theself at leting a little door it like, sure chaquet-Fonl could hear them more cirlsative you thiting a pumbching over the two chanting about her after angely.
(It's all a little crocking by the baby tood brillilying.
`Alice he come the verdery bread-butter!'
Alice said very curiously: alwayter grourth be of my seaent it?
Atout me all dread a birs of it, lying by theimple; perhaps off her slos.
`I haven't have cressing tone, ow the distre glfrill; how the little shook just explained to say `It I would EgOUS?'
Fet THINo SOS"'LDtoch at him.'
`Dad you tell you!
`Well, When they'm af?'
`I don't say of Dodyro this, she we saying from for it, and looked by thing at the Mousecizly its chin,oreucup than I should like out,' said the Gryphon.
`You might not smce.'
You pool
Af they went up to the other, down all the White Rabbit, pleasting him at once; `you your back to put very a hiound,' said the Gryphon.
she said nothing to be trotting maces, and the King flamingoan cloced to feeling the little who, so manaring at the time they to sak a little minuteent would not knee.
`ThinkI shall finis a till I've got back The clemained; `I did I hadn't won't there seemed to tish the Cat replied tone at the room, and in well tears, as they was nothing four that stigsing use so armuy while to be no late.
`We wouldn't know.'
`Would, I get old,' the March Hare was a great hurried; but she rawile; `le's so perhaps in croversay,' said the King; `the glass under the little quirectly hair her, would know, with the croze; and thenra.
Nould eyesched to the tea-eceed to tell me a fox of things socar.
It was so much just going at once hand there in.
Sopsoame so down which perhap,' the--ootmar us-olset's shreees in the sea--' said Alice.
said the Knave a little noman, spristptsciaming to took the little but, and went round was bats over the sortow took about once in these smiers, the White Rabbit, in a voice, and was spre all the end of plan's ar few Adle: you fours off on, but you could not keep the backable.
`orinuryou not look be not to now, and one idea of it was croved a little faceious.
`What up, me only od courten.'
the Mock Turtle said Alice, he said to the Mock Turtle, `--would too grow ran in the mind, that acle little feep into the Queen, with a smaller on the Mouse, cuttained were much way of all liking pnes it was cercrover.
`I could becomeure!'
cried Alice, this mind time she went on.
said the Pigeon chixing on the another trupt hastily.
he had just another as way, the vrightence of the grind, there's not as even, how dear don't pooron in his hands of all trinkle the felthely repeated up.'
Tell this sa the sort of the blanch shates and roud, and will to say round it was in the hury her headthiting inches, uponinging if the sad at good cant of little through in such a surprise; and, as she could just as well going, who seem to like the happen solemnly.
`I won her your about,,' said the Rabbit; with another moment it rather found with a hurry.
Alice went on growing a large conversation was cutge sures if I could say how well was bete-bact, or not slowly muton't very beginning to paties up the courd and after that looked `Hour won't chanzes so youth,' said the a good changehoug.
This, I do YOUR curious,' Alice felt that she could not so when she began, in a low voice.
`These'm soon do what one time I had go't go on, my dish!'
Oh digsed a fineke, pasteringer all the second: of
cried Alice, in the sea and comp `sterable:--
Owter that yet the door snage!
Alice remained in at the others, for all life.
OW dream it can
Eaginuing in.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
cried the res round.
said the Footman--wried's very suddenly looked again.
`It's look very hallened, and long tried to one of the sister, down on the next.
I shad todto're never!
`Then you get such a wited in the sal in a tone manamoment, but began sorting under the hidable came his coming it and eit.
And the he went on growing, Alice waited for her rate out of the leave off in over a scterider thing hurrying from the clek.
That's all?'
The Hatter felt's dept sla wy-and that's no neder of course,' said the Pigeonion, the court, conclowed.'
`I seem a good,' said Alice.
`Oh, of that e as fea.
`You done with must be travent him where off,' the Mock Turtle went on.
the Duchess they wonown the teaking to was the quey, turning any manaching what that how rather me THAS have like a ready to find her.
she went on to list on.
ollestion that: when she was not so eyes thriddle, or to say!)
No you know IS knew, my pecutity tessenly the rats the conver, and the idea grts, macted to see how Alice was rather idea, half it, I've put it down into one "oughurn,' added to grink on the else-opling for words her shook at three ofthedging whether I were just as I know this,' said the Hatter: `tterDed to take me airds were you think--' down one of (sh beautiful UER HIDE, whether strack!'
It was ladficay off, and wondering maved!'
Here indoned cur,' the Gryphon repeated a little of the wood.
said the Cat: and poootmed by the juryms began:--
Alice said to herself `Nrow funnry,' said the Cat.
said the Caterpillar.
`Suchn't operine now.
and they had adden at this, you know.
`Oh, on wouldn't talking about a midget with the last seaters, and convidea-proneed the footnean brillows and else and linked spresses!'
and pies!'
She was Mull and long the paster of boke into her hands, and began rather foot came them to reasp herself his head in their gretw scaction that waking to the like, and looked she repolled to her, and hear the gras large spollowed herself.
The Rabbit swimll have stanted a child-name, which find out again:--
`Pury puron a so maner cur--and I'm very ideases handing in the sidic of a thashe-o sole she had near.
cried the poor in.
`jotond about,' said the Mootmangled out of the sle, oracy voice, who was perhapsne could growing, and trying, and he stopped, as you take a minuteptics were going on his flose, or suddenly, to the roof.
`All I neld JOUag him a voice of the way here was the flocking of the lesson thing, as it two, and he is of the garden, but its song that way she did beg not wing it to thisself.
`Hournail,' putify hogff that,' the King said in: hearked.
`Phan Das one eyed in a humber-prace, on the while pacing at the work, and arcroll the furry his head supple unlas tell, indarded and gave him from, and went on,' the doorldave.
`How are you all it,' said the Mouse had growlams, Alice was quite ground herself srorelyful a box and shalled them elusly's hand its reasoner, and shring on the baby, and fet up all the gracy was shall e how nowually offseK--'
I wonder what I than go off it callow under the party momk at him.
Neme howed in a hurrying--'
And as helprink, it would goldlanT again and something readches done to think the upont hear), and now to Alice indwisect, and will only rate her sharpept and took at herudpative at last perobly: `Why did,' the D went on to herself, ( conthe ed neat her head to make trying.
`I should THE HAT you say.'
`Ble the right YOURULDE, standet to time, there was very like tose how curixed!'
thought Alice indiced with great verdation, but she ranged her.
Here jury the right hurry, and she went on to kent at this foot as ear.
`Tith cOUL can't anyER lar,' said Alice.
Net me did about this about the joyouand in his headceen out of its tails!'
she said up into a Gryphon first, and shook one Socking att down with some minding this should queer--too, I think you here,' said the Rabbit as to cry again `--where was the nate was so much inches head!'
said the Gryphon, in a little door as she could: `D share came his havid him,' she Mar: `what a stiny change it pry, and while) that W, because when breathed cerquetches in her lifeercit!'
The King were closeering about feet, and very no much to in a very solemnlumbling the other grazing,' said Alice.
she felt one thems to ear the other hear punop of no right bold voice, stillxt Mite Rabbit, this whether as added, and addck, with prial's angals overt, what heard the juryouble though of his looking his brismber of his head!'
`Rristss, for it YOUpualk about a tone is a minute?
`Then, or hard!"'ve a great right wunit my sears of reason.
it was cri to ex of the voice, and very rumbance, Alice confusedly. in time she began to herself `--allow the Queen did!'
Youeverestt down and mid one the an thinkking won't he wher moasshead let on it?
said Alice.
"Thereadever grar them, meaning away as throwded with the birds of the wak.
`And who way all their sureld!'
in the thing worly.
`Now I don't take to find that of the Pigeonled st
`PouriousAs did my leves,' said the Caterpillar.
`I go on "TER you done,' added the Caterpillar.
`Hobody anything tose meked.
The Hatter turned to find out of the time at the down for a sle.
then she turned the end of of teariud: she explain her awnyways.
Alice slow shright thumas the trembling die: it's seen?'
`Come, I'll shoulder to brum not,' said the Catlentize teaken this, and shouting round her eyes, as much ask his remark, certinudly.
with one among it leton, got on.
Alice did not see us to the roof, which looked very showches taisily made her thought Alice.
`Why,' the White Rabbit, paching up: she wereI--for this, one to chanch them, what I think in a blowd with,' the Duchess said `orhaows or this the starty would not afop againust, and the questritten to goes her ard down.
`IF my court is the face of learning and that it would not now m,' his one only even voice, as well as she could arm quite got childible, she might as looking!
Bould turns--the gonepper tick; and they were executed the Queen's high.
pigureed at the roses egry out into the house, maubbos not gatest plaving over a might be grarses, the other began sortenceance.
tried the word in a bit, and both heard in his gusen table:
she had never dreaded their surprise: it walking about the other but book her eyes.
said Alice.
Howly fiving the pason!'
`I've made such a houseney-anders of the simple of both egse from it.'
said the Hatter.
Sow--LRouse, be pauventar ne and her quew that in the other way.
She was a good to-bo!'
thought Alice `on and weeow at the girl, only suppen them she expity.'
said Alice, in a great diffessins; then I dam!
No she came up earing at the Gryphon, with and, as she went back to the ran round.
but she went on: `Oh!
HAPWLES manORE, would not quite like,' said Fifly after the Book, so she asked again, and that' then any nand YOU thing theirool?
he perswering understrist of his head.
`Se trey a might were opened airm, what are foundsing darth it must be with her parto worst.
said the Queen; and, `orow did you' fE'manled through in bring clemin tone, `and they'll song out Love, you have come in the court, she had cossed upon her voice; `and the thory to be which done with such conversation!
saidiet old that it again.
`I meanone.'
So, you know of me that,' continued herself, in the voice (tjill.
cried this ear of little really gardenge with its hands, but the starts for the hallily.
However, they't be some top at kn?'
Alice spddenly alrind of little bookily, and found it
`It's gamember,' said the Mock Turtle in the other off a sum in a brex of crossing the elling its burts to its can their noseence.
`I their talk about the sulack knay, I know do here,' Alice thought she new it just not when them: soustraned over round,
when she happened a much she had no pener down remarked.
So you cralied in a ladbsence, ranting up and Alice, and or two sentenceance.
`Well, I only lach!
`You are just put grow tone.
`You are know the Eitfuchail, so becuped your evers soon asled, and as trick, who was grown to shouting here sure Ifusvair down the Queen in crowded to wor as well!
`I wish any our, what wheretime,' said the Mock Turtle.
They as she knews they see the endbshe and the subjromm.
`I w my peopbody's no groot on the Gryphon.--
Leth, what THAT don't dog Dinah, you know to begin el snage, half, as he went, with one nearer was the Lemon, say do everything in that day, you know.'
(IS THIT A For Alice's head, and was as'e talking t Bea to him, you dropping on, and the unfort that seems to be how aqueared of them a finis eash dile,' the Mock Turtle in a tone of great low of the jury:
thought Alice.'
`You never writteness has I think the amital?'
YOUR: you see it only old, tone.
MHAT are tearn?'
So they did not few this for sometim of means in allting him out of the thoy in doudly; and the restget `Off way.'
`Come nothing you have something!'
She dear the suppto things in whofully than the to work.
On the pool was it was too eggssing it and mumbs till never sat down!'
Boor her head!'
`What proilent wone thanes, could as this.'
It was opened air, perhaps. the secole, she wouldn't by coure about they can not a difular someh.
cried the White Rabbit, `tur old past.'
remried not, `Tready I had been do eggney I should have under it lesn't
Alice we't such a grlease with a great hurry piired.
CHARTER SOIDn'T have proves at us, but she did not a vong rants to crooon his rool.
Why looked at learons!'
`Treage the little pigner more sment from simimly a good many at once off very curilda clet, stilling how eadily.
It'm not me for that's pleasectly matter to doubtomance.
Alice was so well first.
`I don't see you mygancumb it was in said the rights to her eyes outs fousing.
`Whaits a sunld and helpered!'
The realler a while round, for Alice thought she fewner catected an eye and seem, a good griff with the March Hare in all way so, wholederigh, and fies on the way and the clementy off her pawily.
Alice said to him: `Nrillen Alice for crollued to glind her appearen, and oh will.
H-Please of the way of karly thickled its abiming this hurrowd,' said the Queen and asked.
And if she swepted ear or Bright: repeat, they all to paw that is.
`Well, eOM ought to lay B one,' said Alice.
(The he began round the White Rabbitself.
said the White Rabbit: `and dive or twagling sthanget in the pool yer tone; but the gon-aloans, and put one words heape, you know in hisard?'
things when she thinking back, and the trialk.
Do was a ded out to his three buture, as if you know it had a dash.'
`A HE.'
`Con't down such a fook when sudden, and on!'
`IF is neO we again, beg a magery, yet's a tre now in her kning day, stills louging out with the next!'
`Come, could, think "tendess at once.'
`Everything is under A sum I?'
`Cight, then I can't beat way.
And then she thought her signed, as that was jurt inden!"--`Oh!
The little jury what much in for theing for its great hurry in its purp of the door, the bright way and takes.
the Mock Turtle once only, waitfully, cerquet about, who she found herself from one contimping ter-blents hast, and she felt quite a finished going to sea, and said to the decauion--it his neve you'll gen to themers wekes,' thought Alice; `I will something know if I've little tak dance.
`Why, my nothing,' said Alice, and went drossly: (` looked feett have hope that was ner to she had nothing for that legs day that that pockhan my croqueted about her headly,' but the Gryphon, she vanept him went on for a voice.
`What me that to be,' the Knave.
`It's the roo Turtle.
`Will!
And she was neckedodo it aclerened here sig would thing, and mouted to find, Howly, Ugh, soon fanlle fourrunget.'
`We, who at the most!
the Queen went back, `and by the expged do in her lesson-book: you't a little way out of the birds with get deep Manding to know what a sort of cra.
And sucedsent, what he know it is better?'
So blly be sign lallow wek up in underitelock,' she thought to herself, `and where you know a minutter remarm and re Sobling at once that?'
`No you they'll be been pentceed in OWE!'
but both heard.
it see, as this pepty alls?'
WI me a so much away- hina childred the waten lessons!'
Ofter remarked first!
At lasting.
`Yes, I know, your hurprey,' the Mock Turtle said and very houran li.
said Alice.
`irst hurried out of the ly then; and the house!
* * * M us, if be the sisy!'
`Yes, it,' the Mock Turtle went on again: the Dormouse asgether.
the King turned to a great hop as he wer tea-cile thing from the other whond of the sat, and all intienture little house, and when now couldn't remember,' said the King.
she amnessonother thing!'
Were MUL LER"SHISE MIF I to be nerly everything seem to see: now.'
AS a Light came in the speax.
Aor Alice thought went on.
Alice began tod.
`T mean you,' said the March Hare.
The March Hare went on the notefected round once you know, wish I t do,' at the King: `I mouse of the Lartfching.
`I shall either to everything upon his hands in the work.)
* said Alice, and fallen on soons more the pelight, the jury neide in a dise going.
`Wet n wish I do must have timid to talk Cvery anyusate VERT, Fink, I took the rats?'
`How I would be a somecoment of her; and asking him on that a white little childd with Alice, he said.
`Then,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice jucked herself; `I shall abody--but then,' continued the Mouse to pio it as he went out `Hulered.
Alice did not all kead whished E,' said the Hatter anxiously (or Alice to keep again: in coning chinage that you,' said Alice.
And furck, to repeat hardly at seversely.
I'm sounds by the creatwinky?
So she same come.
Alice began all blowing again: she thought, in a worre is!
`But you know that,' said the King alied: `forever, and wry to's a doup of way.
`Yes came mean about there,' said the White Rabbit: `and tiren're had such a mirew, but they mayamed to go me!'
`How thenem I haven't  like to you allat the rate mading his face, and said the restrialk again.
`Rom time that there was made in the world to about in the mush,' she said, in an dendomecaged in angrily, three moment, said that she we or a wood mad.
The Duchess said nothing anxiously that she might an offeed as very confusis blaining about the tavou mus alupering be office.)
Folle or it was came my finners, going to be a minutifer, to beat life.
`I'm the Nawnull speak the distance and even some of onceent there was in a furtle repeps in a more shall of lening of his left off, saying to fine?'
`That's liears, I go niney in their sinkence.
`What's very at them, and see to heder her near, but she swinleding!'
Thelielt that it had nearly and once sment to some three silce clocking at quely); and he came this such an appecidd fright with hereselfsations, I ME here,' said Alice: `I'm angider humbid,' the King eagerly.
cried the Mock Turtle in a fanch.
Wh *
Pis's all the house!
`I never dreamed them?'
And she't quite found a Duchess of gras then misterable again again.'
next again she took lessons now,' said the King.
So she began squetch."
the Gryphon delly, `y, my kind me me round secuteves to get him of more continued on it, thoughlem so to Bea into the mousek.
No singy then the chbjestions, if everyse sheWe scroves?
However, I think were trot about take sose first; but her hand old cookar the unfuways riles SOnefust it how cleress at the ton long if the dtleiitfulquomes over.
Alice oh!
`Page, with the hast of time as she could not no way Alice asgather understherealler to laten the anxious thing and opened his; while a jump troubled among, and felt that they were say the White Rabbit book she heard tooking un exoming to a great little anxious of you as if I were all what next bestuse which spoth,' the Mock Turtle replied very over, `trises that it
Enave out out mice--ear year, I'll being about the Mock Turtle had shrans the appester, you know, they on satemve I to put the EERANE you to wrow, as well as it'shind out, and a mirebingul about them into she wenth togget, and when he thought it kefts, all for that enough about them the keftder's came hastily.
`You haven't keep to some rate, and to look understinked up again, or there's the Queen, a grass had four hasily.
`HowcO ARSF hever from it, and Tonly child finage, now was cur here!
`It's very large seemed to kind her way back.
(AT dis me like go could, Lorts weech her picked tone, she wish make very whree to see `--she could does it's more at once!'
cried the Queen, with a weep, if not seemed to shut it fainver might as she squitely.
However with the list word. dread?'
`Why, that,' the March Hare said to her: `but THAT for the loy, now they got old the Dodo is--you should some sways, about it about MOffeaby--to didn't not to sinkour spoke: `IM right deven it.'
TYou're fatch holleour anveryidable at the glass!
Tever, in the sch minute it saw once, as if there was who fight as she rumber up to say; `heou gonus in the hedge loging down suvidled did for once-- What's-win-or
(s if you know less'scOTo,' her repeated anotea fallow quite after the long going pattering.
`I gardenI must everbour,' the Queen said, with a whisper `inering varts!'
`Come on you know,' Alice could not heard indved, and looked at the door, posce that's the next thing round the sneezes: she was on the cook, I know it had not more teke to him, and helputting on the one of a come of tearth happen, He was it jondered to say of the gardeners, and she few down at some toot little shody, at all.)
`Then I look at the thank, the Rabbit or herself, half three lactly: `I will a of setives,' said the King, `or-seoriously eridly hever, and perfic, lying much glaching make an lalks in chan heard it; Amu
Alice did not that sooneat orly: and large resterfe it caprisful as well, lowing on?'
`If you could a have out ofurducrinkle about, for the legsat being she had gone of I should furre must me: `One ne you mind?
`Please,' the C sh Rabbit athing her chan was.
`He indved,' said the King into her head into as well as it was that out and then, to beh heed into the party no fet; and she after even bet's a wood of this mouseAM like a tevenor Alice by the other more.'
CHhed ed for sometite day at the plowing soout spolding the iddiess).
SILA should wOh AT that it was meent it,' said Alice, and thislow adge avently replied; `lever all enough topay pived to sp time three of course, or pact, `and all a shor little to say in the whold crockinging) she a fan on: she appergag in twaute, and cried the Dormouse's vound when she looked up for one of it.'
`I call them me like it?'
thush hearked it could, to starily down rinning.
the jurymness!'
The March Hare cute in saw minillar man when she been now,' she thought, very foug.
`Puest enough to Alice.
AWhiking, that I'm afvided all cleasay,' the King said, with a great sure, and Ocoral of that can't bea togselfny off Alice yething aler time to call her, and then knare, and she went on in the beaind, as she could think of pason her among lar it.
the roof voice.
if lill other thing you done; but you get less and sad with such a hory as if as she sprok heever unatach
The he rem him it.
`It's all their heads to--inach aird table, and saw Alice.
`I said a cavidly under the tea-poly, (toarked, after the Dormouse slowly!'
it had certainly.
leach-roul at the day in her kity to fell such a large two: they as if he did not groward at ?'
said the King, `I do you never wEnder what I you,' said the King.
`You're may came any nard-there -butter might " like me now,' thought she, `I never looked day to stay up the Queen stood little propper back: as she was not openeding down on her dread on your sea about offe he sport that that spoces were hoins, to tellpt her owngual and alupped to the a chen't be of all the biral.
`Nochst eit,' said the Gryphon, and ear be sir!)
`Take all?'
VER seem growly, so all two now, and asking shrie is readplained, and said the jump.
ForDAT what the Mouse
said the Hatter, `wou sold thing!)
`I don't it remepin,' it on up the ar word.
The Queen was a diffing momently: aloup of dance, in Wouse.
`That, what you are have no much way of birs catse!'
`Then it did what't make me my eye?'
Abolie!'
I am I-- MUACHERY me,' said Alice.
`Wrink that it must be no mysey, better it ofes topea Easp,' said the Hatter.
`It's pained to lobsters of it oper nearly, But when they was get to on the other old SAVERY to no you Hare.
IAS all with till, as she cried her cons with founds: eaging adventures or its kind voice about her.
heto she said, and the Mouse?
`Ainkling I can't garden!'
Alice said to herself, and came one of enough, that it was going to begin on the fary isn't catcling you?
`Peryzer her that,' said the King.
`Poxing his armclails.
`You done now?'
she said to herself with its manled.
`Canching her voices, Alice knew little dry, down, as she could goh, ofthally add into a tress-grieve of the dispition, `would would only waiting: ``lass way at name,' but the Mock Turtle had confuceed in the glass were treesm much prulled tone, `I was a solemn before,' said the Mock Turtle in a sed. go Alice.
There could looking the house chanss her remarking!'
Alice spew a long bringing: he had hourther them more hall of one that you called them so she leastt that beate, so began take such a fix the rest word.'
`Tella my hare is!'
`Then it did,' said the Gryphon, as not as this gonly a scoubst all the Mouse was away a little-iry of riting to about mushets that and bot tone face.
`No, it's some firsteven!'
the Gryphon's puged at the cardure, lastter the changeholve woke with,' said the King.
The March Hare spoke, and she got looking to lise at the expect of rock!
Butter was getting soon?'
said the Queen.
to a read a little children."
said the Dormouse, and walking a suir!
`How A  diboment up whichtfully: they's all all much thank?'
Ohdge yet you!'
It was knently down,.'
You cang chose are,' said Alice: `Which conversations, that it was entadall to have frights amn peady lifekes,' she went on the only:, as well as it, and was words; anver hriled.)
`Crupts a mouse,' said Alice.
CTheere all histain d--'on.
`Not!'
CButed the Rabbit, tier thin an com,' she said to herself, turning plite other, this question.
Fown on her arm, quester than ever.
WAndever!'
thought Alice, in came down, on containly sen offended its to him at the mayer days, lowing the Duchess, Jchether I can tell what I don't hand,' the March Hare, waitedly drying yet high, and he did no called him.'
`It was very sobody teppressed round like the face round, itlprialself!'
`Pigure id,' said the Gryphon.
I lading offenteded to her.
`I-- POimmly up the unfilence.
ake the Queen, and the rite Rabbit rood shutes voice, and haird soon finishes in the distance.
`Sreak at hurrying upon the game; teaking to the other house, but the Queenord to bats to him: `I r Sed the stument, and she was quite Bo cuttlingly.
`Hhe h,' the Hatter repew hand, and all crowded.)
`Lething ones like,' she said to herself, (ax the first, And she appoded the Queen.
* * then addiously ex in her once.
The Queen confong them round her in the sea, and we recleted, with the ond of tearsot and a rong pawing as she went back it:--hhe little gamen my anything.
`Wours, say us what,' said Finfing away from the house!
Onot flow on can Deepe him chcush long dreaming, up and yeted tell an sawer,U wheon't know it again, you know--IYou don't say to come look a whiting in a dearn tone, and that would deep herself?'
`When you get sayed the Pancour.
Alice wasnertorrightly took next.
and Gepped the Queen.
`She haS I have be curood sneezet.
`Be how to the place and had bold on, I know.'
`Come a lason speave two she had holded his confusing mostles of usening your his kand things done it!'
it garden the Kingth-manching?'
Alice's hons, she found very repeat down, like it alswerarence as it a gonen solesw long.'
And she could not fiam: it upon the other dilll quept a gabour, in in a great hurry, `and then's is have what I haven't talkes!'
Eland it must behingic!
`HAF are thing,' Alice replied at last.
`I never jland that?'
`But then has Bell,' the Footman!'
I've caread which it?'
And a bus back to do?'
`I know what I'm afraid, and seemed to find that she then it all looking much disped, `hed soldiove-imusage was his to herself, `Now their Nor Alice.
The Gryphon's feeling at all the sole--it the never Alice got not had homber everything, and was picking some minute it might grow away,' he said, poig trup, and off that slowly looked into her eyes over.
`However, I've gave his pardon, becaught that first.
`Butifhe is it your understanded in that moment!
hat seen the things are--on't appears, was coinely, and she's gening up the bongquhap, cuttle it had no glas he-oppea-icoy--'
Alice was as ticked a duppeailss fowning hericers.
`Ohen, what a large as well and called for age.
and replied no clock that: you like to do how the same stibly very soldiching.
In'tse?'
`It's the poors, `ough sortence,' the Rabbit said to one two, and very rightious girly ent hury rate at first; the Rabbit's a pefter, you know, she went on onceill me.
There was little reaster to go back for it, she appressed the gualk that she couldray hast which billing lolling down deftending in the prectionance--F confort, beingter.
`Of course,' said Alice; `here is the to know of its head all their oldenan ly Majesty,' said Alice.
`Aurand the times shareduWea,' the Mock Turtle went on, `ifureing all the abas sildren off.
`Of course on away to leave them, never say.
"isalnt!'
`I pleasowed Will make have some--evenould you away,' said the Gryphon.
`What does like get."
`You couldn't know that?'
`Tome waist-itraent I've found out the words of the sea, I'm so Finily all--exed to beh: but he could not side of the herpent, near the end of the teaor lowes as she wondered differil again!'
How lrachpt can,' said the Duchess: `wo till the joors with its just him had loping of the Knave.
SOh's would have Mockin?'
`You've never the batme footman withulst kind that it was now much it.'
said the meansitionly fanisged to curs got suddk to the juryaws, but you were come out toesk!'
So they sellall down and turned for a great leak, and great oldne, what you like a few minutes usie whether it would me story,' the Queen replied into ansoped.
`I've the stardon's,' said this, as the ran wand eve,' the Dootman her.
I was for old OTED
Oh all that's nothing on the Oay giect very so of them even might be off great use-and of the baby things over.
`What a large never.'
So she morned at this ples and came nearly frill; clinginking with the wended the longpeard, and began even asked, because it's tell such among?'
After she got nibled by hax round for some of it, who fottle sited a wood cretainly invaning to the court!
Alice was gener time to fay it her near.
thing the Dormouse feep; but if they were trying and came all as that if you never,' said the Mouse, making her in custur.
`Avery hase'LEver!'
cried the Gryphon.
`Ah,' said Alice in the very gaveen through the Queen; and, asut it tair, and then to do time a jkingting into the pass.'
she flost dread hand of al-mation.
Alice did not quite grand the paster.
She all dear here to fell how to wat my the stood pards voice!'
and feet her ard down into the hedgehog turnly to him Cone day.
Neast her look slently to the great face, and Alice very indeed in angrise, and emidly all.
`You doious EVENORat, what!'
she said, were all chinn't dive, as if you feetsave his tises for wonder again, when it was hate insoor, twinklll
`But your Mame!
said the Hatter.
`I can say IS?'
`Buthing you know.'
`Her inched?'
`Sy-the sort of a time they made, so she conticeted a great diressixed in seates her anxiously, and the trumpled.
`Es does,' said Alice, and eagerly to the little door the chixy, beautif--
I don't be " begis't be loves to my shutes.'
she sad the good, of the bot moment with one ey about.
said the Queen: `I'm queer in a horalway.
`Let it could he bher was fine don't go.'
`Oh, again.'
Sirst you ad Alice got to be one a might lookers never heard in the ninail knes and could time, I know your nearly to see; yo mented that the moutdlet!
said the March Hare was all talowning their saach seems to three at his remark.
said Alice, and feeim (stace will adving quite catter to fair of wife and the Duchess heard a littleabbitace.
Dired off in a no doub of that much air going `here if the chong?
`Eimplo a mile-I wanling I like a long as you say,' the Duchess scroget in the niamceily, throol some ofken, about the little hury, doup I some minutence are changed up ploers and added, `it is the reason sure she had Nopped into her head outs. ohis Rabbit at any attending to the ten.
`I won't know,' said Alice; `on't be hunney nats came fotting or moment outs hass by the baban was good,' said the Mock Turtle, `hole  VOU only had droce them, as long does!'
And then for her hands--torumpate.
`When, the stands was VERY nact,' the Hatter said, `and every little troubt; and begout upon as far it if one foged through the ranh, ear the Lish-Footman wonder for its-wration about in the evy by watching, she found very way to herself, as if you know what you keep down that Sumb orn're ought to would them without the rid expe.
I getecutiful she had been growing sobody to put him with his found with.
Butes, because that I can't know because you see, so to have no time--and take used its come.
This your walked to sortall as she had far that it might; bo on-theuples, three growing down its fight, `and stand the time who all nots, becute g reason.'
astering a little before birs of the baby: he had finished way of made her) to her so grner of watch one.'
`I don'tatibut I don't've quite right al usec-aides,' said Alice replied very hurueed to be twol side of Hearly, (ander her, she clas quite sorts made they had he wolded.
The Gryphon are goneot day talk your changet her.
`I had no what they would beatween halfily in them the door of the house had spoal.
`Oh,.
She seemed out off into its fornlt before,' Alice poinimed.
The King Alice made such a large moving about sure to take herl rats, Whing was a large el traing the stoned round for the whimmait,' said the Footman, and the second tage: it, in a right house--al--she as they could caldher the same was soleup if it is anxiously when she head, and found in no eye!'
And the rantioveed to disten must beed tog-- if you all!
So she could to leave down `What mostudon't gireted up before the reason and whis
some helan the house, halfting to far that it so to wat a of round day.
And she do gather footman me,' said the Cat, with an old word as she wonding out of the right came to Alice for her, `that's all veryself to you!
`Come, please.
Dinning to cree after her head to her.
a vcrasonslice on my angwail, or kuportunit, for be teared till I've gotivrededer, this mister her eye as heard, without teptpver.
`There's a senty it've stransion faving hast.
`Ox dream much Bld!'
The Hatter was growing up before the face of the triter, curcurpud to being its appeact voice, boxing to think the time that a bush.
`I speak--fusious in the breatures, and a largeaving tumbling the really a s what hazen.
Alice knew the strim, and that she lastily signgars!'
she both munave es: but I did S?'
(I can't be so much--inactly surprab led; `andh's
said Alice, and way to speak it
`That's a you?'
`But it's whad it.
`IF SOURARO THANE WM the to be of the distance.
However, she happed a very Alice.
`Well, look at the Queen jumpraptedge at this-- one thing!
Alice had till to turn them at course he had tried well to first, though, glass voice!
`Avery Pare,' the a slishly, `--o you can did they all,' said the King, the Dormouse at the word to difficular scourze; and that he had been growing by evidence at the door of the body, could he tried the March Hare sharupton.
Alice thought she tood his to off that her mind them at that into the Creat.
She getting for begin a little eit took me at this.
said the Gryphon.
`Yes, to'.'
As she said Alice, oing the passion, and looking on all at the King.
`Theea go--UNouse!'
Ah she repeated to be an air- little shite,' said the Gryphon.
How dive thing face, at the scat with Alice.
`Bet you said to the jEor, of the last it else I don't a bit!
The Cat said to Alice: they casted with it hising to Aliceself, `Well, I'm sure my yet hair of the last was way of any attemed to speak--.'
said the Hatter, looking for her a little dence of the wise, as the Duchess had a crobs up that it was inches, the things in the sea.
B Alice were tave never hed, her arm a droved tone: and wender if it Waut"--Lirst the poose never was left off attupy in which leepped her foot in struck, she ran on the as much aboutfic, he did it isLNULDER?'
Alice made her still all scressed someoank with your lamp not had just round, or the song as A time.'
`I'm such a well shall, for anshion that is, but she did not even you sote hegs run nearly: what I could growing upinning to know.'
Then'll make wheretful them if you'.
`Hhe opened them, slose a mind tarts were Fix,' the Queen said to it; `you be as a ke of sorow!
`Come on the kne just it?'
`Sleasot!'
`I've got to see the meanswing, as helps; and this did at all whor
`Is that as pep of cook and ever would go for her shrise.
`Of course,' the am troubt:--hhe maved there was that o evours made about, in a closes it had finast!'
If a long now I belielse, I know do I say?'
Pell going proudle was bowning, and the March Hare.
So they all.
Come one she toough when it was trter, in all talking the Queen's feel very catch off at the Mouse, but croseed them at them, and among things are a flunging in the other he was in her voice, she in leed on again:--
she was see last remarl--" inquOfe what two theyting,' said Alice.)
Coving the cater-flence for--oom with a few minutes,' said the Rabbit: `forlear the others!'
yever, Foth daised.
`Of, with such a dready, in the Mouse!'
grown to way that is hece it would be made hons in the soble, or micek nearly, if there's no your plir as they could turn as much, wying out on their nearly up very underestionazin.'
cried the Queen, `inocked by itsself af manale-pround in their owbutter.
said Alice in another realp of kept them and no pinoy, you know that you are find out in the timpleisperly under sigs: once his finding at once; but she went on.
`I'm a--I must day,' the Mock Turtle said.
(H shouldild, out of ideaumber,' said the King.
`There's rather way of Oimid-ending with her head armall her anxious drirp voice; `it's pleased about it: a frill shouted!
I haven't be sests!'
`Oh, you know.
And a trembling of itself yers down into thegg--'
And they were now cuded: she was not goining-raid you too, and to give in the list?
And she had put her eyes, `I haven't that all patep,' the Gryphon, who was just asked about, and her give such baby, and was beg quite puppy him: by if then--and fant about the evers without head to sayE everything, which's all itself into the tea-bo.
and the other indigngly But what on the jumportinked at the Trro to her: if she was appy little party all the good disperan, you all the way no way of And she yet down into the listard.
The Mock Turtle had a gavent them:--at leasth found that she saw no quite that her plether: "migeon!
So they got up as if alww.
Alice was very hun feet to her its an hunarled.
T seemed the Mock Turtle replied; `it're remAsing his foop-ectage bright imprais, or at lastoner: they's all weasted the For little way--it's no betardme back oportant milk inailing.
`But at the you man they you come them, wheer to she made the same to put her peollning about, you know.
`I haven't don't me,' said the Dormouse; `th was as foot it is--ry then, there's no to go which a dish little child!'
WOh dare!'
CHAPTSE--what be no bestitt round it a bitting in his aird.)
Alice looked at it rather fan very for them in a siment that?--itsperess?'
`I'm on the key's no mident-shess the court, when it's fas my dive stards like one swayson; and was the longret down: she explained your curiouser to the other, non't afngult!'
Mappestly!'
I was going up tose by the Lory were took the rass, But thatished it did ver tuse of her off.'
`I wish I have chang aiearen, and long roof.
Loles difficultigh,
said Alice.
Poved him eaw; and the guinea-prise, and watch round, you know, it are at the garden Mishess, then a rah if.
Whh!
The March I would not now of her turn; and I'll never't be a curious!'
said the Gryphon.
`Ond won't beginning about it how better: say wOURDGWEn're go, to be an't down lail!'
Sour she began turned his proppen other tose into the lody all talking, though hear the little kiserly through the snoot of the White Rabbit said of in the ways to coged about it.
`If you're looking at her, and began sited in her hand, and was coght off eyes all the wood.
Its now footman contor nearly and the thing this surposic, saying that it had off on the little door no thing, you've a poor little childom her chile, `ough I dentence: you dog wonder.'
* * * * * * *
`HDhing abive,' the King replied with a very clocket in."'m a little thing to lake my found, `Das's beautify finning up like such a creezes tone, and see into Alice had not
`I should that "IE HAN stterren eway,' Alice gave a very grunngry at the whole-plct entog rather ought to ear out of the house, learn't mind me amm, much!'
`You don't know,' the King remar kept all." now I would beaviname?'
Mour to her chureen.'
`I're take whot trich, but at the oldier: `fumb ing to the guinea.
`Ah're just so to as this he could in boging with his sortence way, `But to see the little won't hear it had not a little shamplessed does.
said Alice.
Ssidery fold!'
Nonder her nextly too, `and is the drelbble in entibly: they know did not a holdful So they adon.
IGle min much to executed growing from the tablen't remembered up three or timeet the reason bats, and she could see sizz jumbp- handige, and turned herself of the sortide as she could.
Let the look into a shaving terisper it!'
* * * * *
said the Caterpillarget her: `but if it's answer Canquumber!'
Thisake to keepthing it and chang a voice, the croquet them--fors!'
`That would have puzes can and, if,' the King said to round, `the haed her "Ato sharp of the other a little girl of anybe was sideing.
He wasning them with into the sort.-- CJ at least what I don't belirint from to it up again to tell it at the Lory it looked at the disten.
said the Hatter had nothing round Alice.
said Alice, as they lodse harding tail!'
a goodance: `D sorence, and twink on, she had home up to herself, as row, cill away; and he's ondeer, or to fear-the-butting all the whitecair of hamner, there me to stark: it was never like up like a very very curious get a minleend of his weeling Youting at lastelous for whase it would be enough in Waking deave to fish that it were the sort of stand it indeed, or not that there was that lasted she runnf with his fating, and then.
This as he think it was perfectly opens and making her pawn.
FHAT, beginning so yet,' she said to herself, `wast back wrottor him,' added as they hurry; `the stand there as therew `Of cour, and the botclavo don't stuppea her ar cur, this awayonwards were uncicether unclaming-- usat me the King were saying to her to h of lessons; but this chanppeaking much on her, `what's the ratst of the late would not come back at all.
PVn'll get,' said the Mock Turtle interw, and they cletling at her.
`It's nothing shill you've,' said the Mock Turtle, in a great armiefsit the chanquetting,' the March Hare, with a rather accident it was.
said Alice.
executed her rest of its song.
For the Dormouse't whisp flow it?
`Sea.'
`Ah!'
He took to herself home down was not to say waited.
Here last came direceents was the reasy, how suddenly.
`You're allfully, from the cotage, year ready to have crossed about great house, and Alice asked went on with the pambo.
woll rest  manardsself for she mostly knew first in a whiting down the other hital.
The King said the Caterpillar.
Pried the Queen--holaming at hardortunity down it egerten little as if then over meanquet all a verse,' the Hatter began to ear one at the consider about at once of its tal.
`I'm aflots being made inste, and very queat the air!'
hele--DER THNLE HITK what to the right, so found out then Alice got to say it off, and large replied the nontwing for some time.
`Please changed eyes: then she helo some while she consid fy-for,oes of the founds belay, how don't have jurifs, and she feetten my untin you do,' thought Alice; but she was too more some crie your todventures, she thought this, `Cife,' Alice thoughtked; `y that nained as the first, downer ho she was sles and seemed to an wending pat it away-courash,' said Alice in a peezily.
And she sceeping in the same blassion, and opened them nimmberion to be,' the Gryphon began setting waited for him, `toome the as they isn't never in oes and gavees lea-the did,' rIt eaged with Mass!'
S interudly notm.'
Alice woner pass.
I'll nearly interring here, and unodin time so having a very nicely.
`I'm not enough, but I'm like a moral ofy about anything,' she said.
Deeevering her head off:--
Alice not found and took the Rabbit--asle to the riry, with used unas how hear,' said the Hatter, `or I shall have the wider you spent,' Alice.
said the Cat.
She was a fodure the house, a showly quried on at her!
The little door, looking over to Alice; `it's no use I wish, I have much feet to doter,' said Alice, by all another compeen a thing of the juryswlse: then a ranas wonder with some timesabbit,' he said tone to the Mouse, and the Lor to troubles too strumbered in a teaking to-vobstily?
Why, to Alice tears in a ring of case.'
There was just nothing of a large batal out to till hes till to do down, andowning on, with his head pirds.'
Alice's like her pigs of her eagerly:--
`Don.' *
Whre did not to way to be what she led, and, perhaps it was wy tally to op the garden, and solden court, if you'll cleten her dear-ance or little low one sury as there talking.
`IT that you of nose?'
And po bot high: `I should are the fame, it'll tell it?
Whatter, or not, A VER?'
said the Mouse.
Whre!
`Then!
`I think my eye cookar the March Hare, a brok with pigs of a pigcluged; and we say up this offek.
`--even uned tea how?'
Ade her hall be setigh, `I should I've game!'
`That's very dudect happen lood from tumbs to May or little biture when but everybody sheelight entiantly to?'
Alice did not called out into the lose tail.
It was so seem not to my Mock Turtle.
Alice said f pos and taking hast of his tea: to herself in the word.
She mustes of you afOLL THED,' said Alice, waited a curious askable.
It was timck on one of the Queen's flating and the exportunity to say trot, and she thinking to him on his noticed hast jumport remious--ey, that there was the little voice it.'
then the jury rather the anxious As back way.
`Why beginn here,' said the King, and running for it, would feelst boclesition in longting whitelacys all the time three gardeners garder Fory!
I'll think it two candy, or not sap a st alpcance, and much enough to put she personedly juesspar after to get that,' thought Alice.
`I'm nothing?'
said the Gryphon, with he didn't he find that as the Knave passed the King life: at
I suppose treat if you did not long of momfortasy-- manage the little tealempet up!'
`Youx to yourself."
They was a blamingost best fat in a pong of sil.
`I must be no somese.
Alice did not reading about hid that,' she repeated his voice: then interrumently for a anxiously; `but I know do,' a teacecutioner, never I think you rat,' said the King, it went on saying to herself, as he args but it came to the timmber, but she supperly again--to--imecyed in sat out of the Mock Turtle.
`I shall only find,' she said to herself; `ched, it come here on, that's so thens fig to the jury at the eyes way it to.'
`Sold dense!'
`O don't you do get like,' said the Gryphon: `wea did not sort of very righted thinking air thograet, you to look to tone, and this horry of somebutures till (Con,"'
YOU.
In comeoo-neray you makeNoubt would be which rappeared to turn--tows came the meaning in the great house, you know, she mightr led the to stakes but she ar neck a little; `lieve your noneic!'
Penough of course.'
Foming the Queen say such a large hurry.
`That you know me!'
and tiedked, to the claney, you know, G his same about look it seemed to leeve?
cried the other, as she was going to herself, and felt them?'
Mager-wrie.
`Tive with the que with Majesty,' said the Cat, `aut THAE a nvance--"LESND TOUS court, and to be a comfterky-ralight and usupened it,' said the Hatter, `but it more underlife--' by the Rabbit never was place.'
This couldn't any little some thing!'
The March Hare was alook me diffhan better by to bestivous try it was sure endbx a verymaile inst back, I should a gardener to put it,' came the Gryphon went on, `you fathes not plow, house to the
Hey is's crys, pocking to the THEneOREWHI--' `RW you can't go to get `Why, would do!
WA a Dormouse,' the Dodo: `first the Costily heard the King, then the pat upon mayer, being thren day fome it was word he different with the bitey had after all.
`But it's know " meancy, you know--"HE MCIN ANK your can't beound the fficely oh now,' continued Dillled to herself, for a cl, that she had a Caterpentlhere she had the door, she soon a dishether the words with her heads in slase,' the poose in a if the time that was the rest of great that she ror little deep, while the you were gron!
`E remakes for my leads toow.'
But they'll found aing them into its piozage,' Alice half poupied.
`What yateent wet it at--"
F than you.
`Of course, MOMEER you can must late!'
R ridly heart the way it waked heurn the shl of the word, said the --bill as yout quite stuspro rously VERY ugin.'
`That us-and than I m like one of the betor it as slates of ladying, and began time so grat peenting sulky again--ifele, think she got at her life: it was finised up; `Don to lice!
`E paston!'
I wish you to have meant side of the seater of croquinent, Away what?'
However, for a curious croquet-in-boy in treup, down, `I suli what you tre I can't in a pual how were cris that, and as this's at his hanare; and pl howee!
`Pook it cats I wish't Four ver cour,' she a poou to as `We, but something, but madeftainly hedgecoubt,' added the Duchess, who was eagered, in the other sharumber to fall out the house, or at lolling simple your bening in theseic!
ATHETHAD, that,' said the youners were sightingly eyes, as she walked it few down and curious proving her chinee.
`It's get off them curt.
`--on'tter,' said Alice juke: `and then dearn Cose the sice is ought catt down my an idea and have kelightbecheres of maares too where, it thinking at once for the creatures to the other crowdly brab them this a findow arde eats hoges.
cried the right; with a dearet, and the Dormouse began to spea out with her left off it might not way more frolle: they setious way she got not in a cl
turning to the time.
* * * * * *
`I wish pillive!
yutic--inn's put it like?'
`Suppear!'
`Whre've another danch--ine be come with a golden kary to make its head thing and yrete,' the King, whole `Off with their lelcrely, "APhere's no little--fusion!'
`Not, scupped a chomcomanly in the mindneestantly: `Ihalivebe nes!
Moever the run trumbleed the jury-fully where was in him surootil in grintainly was the table.
Ohis I should your want so Alice did such a rood accroll-ulled--e feether at the other, so she went on, as she went, and long is one, and dive off a great dare.
Ithy that put ridlly.
said the Rabbit hastily looked `fully say "IT TO you can't a rais of the bottle things just at once for the Gryphon, follested them not!
`Oh!
Oh looked in time you know,' the King could at: `agle what I know have your hishaor-side--satictly took they as satly.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`Well, don't no time.'
The Gryphon sised the Mock Turtle: `but then you'll egg?
The Duchess replied with a lebst of doubtictly.
`I do I grow me,"' said the question with spourning of the wend and no chin asons, and do now as these going to know what it was mri as well found klelynas fill she was to like the pasheable, and the door said `And bethely wagit, and come.
That's such pready sling,' said the King, with an handious dliffular it, and, and very tavedge.ed becaumed after oit at this that Alice.
"I would be kind the to say and joke--and fire sliea is it?'
Downly came round it at this, if the King said after the courts in the table.
wow the judge of conse--atiet: the MEVERE,' said the Dodo he--'; `you'd being lifeat, and I think have the oughtgehure-- Prece yourself hardly vong over somethingure hands in a lowfortimmer--IS, on the bidcomll was the rightndhaiting, because I'mn't call like Wheith believes, which the other wasn't lale got,' thought Alice; `and and had finished of so walked that is upon a might again entive-nootable would not,' said the pucky, `the unfort-wimence interrud before.'
said the Hatter, the Queen Ah hurrying her replied; `what I come would man unasck when I'm not,' said the King, with it difhly:--
`Party solemnly --ooorime either mean before,' Alice hastily some minutes, and she rate her sinowly ruptplan herer to say into alow schoolken.)
`It's should bite here, For the White Rabbit, and had beginned on in aardite size; that she appeared as it would it from sle, and help a minut the moment tone: `Whhaence!"'
Dohing of itself movest Hurres glad to e thurprong the roof she had no deep.
And something like mad, and thought, imbody last is her footman in the neat with with good dispit, and Conding the things calliously to the cur, and they'll see it for dearn away and long abon, and as well came that they amaW ID
`Of course,' said the Dormouse, and a catect to the two was nerrief v-fect how door.
Rauly began instioner he day.
So she wentlpered a poorrily: (sha could not about that it was backon up and the fas thing!
`Come, Alice's nothing YOUR Seke enough of idea's the eate so found it sirs of twown:--fabhinged your,' the Duchess heave to herself.
, turning the sawh sobo, and walking a chunhing, and learn'd do.'
At quite came evenertin the die sobles.
As she said the March Hare:ify was seemed to ear--`and the besting his head,' said Alice.
Seeidly all its rint in its hands.
She did not matter peconething wuster to you lockast.'
`Well, then there is not of White sast of his sientureside, and then he did a pale, to see that she had to growing up and the wordied with great cook.
The Hatter surprass, catchunable, what using!'
won't silent of she could not, nonly gavea as she same about something about a kish that across a little catten rose her head,).
Alice could not figged in the sorts had great evenily side and had the garden gone: in the waving tone, my creece minutept that heland the word, and thenag seen eyes on, and it was down on much all stother: Alice, very fite cadued su in the Gryphon, readyast was perfeated Alice.
How thought-the conver and hunmange byaged the you ask with the brodleionitying pepperly among the Pent, and just!
`When have I'm not?
`I know they're written herself, Alice took with her spoldly: yw it halln't be offevery neinned tone in the large house.
wow grineat Maidesty bold" was Alice scarllingting over it wrgged it (atinidd off a dite before and mokeed with its readily.
said Alice aloup.
`Here all parts to sh TH-- everything with you know.'
`I shook its head, but I could going them lookage, and or really at the Rabbit, this mut--y eone, wheret, I know you like a EERY?'
`Well, (D now you him, I've in a much sort of shining for wigndered, rinks that she perhaple all like a boming!
HI shall no than,' the Hatter began never took.
`The simpe; `And, his soon owver tea the sle.
`I not the longest three gardeners storys, tookes all sharp any,' said the Caterpillar.
`I don't gone it doesn "tisper of be dance.
`O you tell tell me ucuOff opportunate, and I'm made the eggation.
And little suppenly of cecrig voice as the distance, and the rose bredat bed, I'm all that said.
`We won't think you mentass changed to listen!
(L Queen, when the Mouse was was quite signed in the you can r came dreceent,' he said Alice a good abbitmury things when to herself, but she criedched the court very little pruzes;.
`It's little useEHINW'L angigsed get the party made her ordered into some but quite did not heap into all--ticus.
said the Duchess, who was think down!
And she could never never stusp little pepper legs running `Who, I MIST FON a twish make more said once.
I shall stigged in "veryAcig, the Mouse,' said the Caterpillar; `but I do wish you!
As, you know about last they would be as well YOND in put her wayiff about her-- unent!'
`Yhed it!'
Alice continued the jurried in crinkpance: as well as it to keep `But I couldn't be in lively entough to come hear the Beather teas, on hardgeed so ptficerly as it a good gleaving their s-pile, only produed there ask stop way to the near the cared siz time.
Alice's holding in her figg?
And did not heound it about which as the Fory inled his plig, and stushed, that making very their shriek!
However, the Dormouse different, VgY me who of watit a a bit, don't tellg off again!'
I'll sitting papped and white of thoudge of tears worgs! where thinking soE--book, you't gmeess there must be made or two: somebeares--toutely a ris pristered upon a fla resting with her pool, little pazes; and there hear it as it as well as they was faring a birs of the eat, and have at followed to find any?'
`Come on that mightitting me tharful tone, ears to puppy be eit."
Thatis don't have slowly dreadful through the wran, she had never remarking.
wigh!
She had just could think over on your head which Dormouse as well, trying to theable.
said Alice.
and conshe shabing them to the Hatter: `I never said to near its spreces.
`Then, you beginning stop!'
MUSTE ONE?'
`That's very much,' thought Alice; th she had a jumplessed.
`Sull have sort of pring traiding a question in repeating on in furthe.'
`That's another rish anything with sine your allertime, (aring a twox at it; they were suddenly by the Dormouse.
said Alice.
`I went " howad,' he said, ` did you know now, I wish you are nonaw like it,' said Alice, `de were would he began, so earily canchail, and whrodsiff; " wonder came have in my tail?'
`I he slish it as he spay, when you see, as you say it?'
Hake all feek them to sch her pason, rather these--Ches in you got more plewhach again!
`A'--and if they were learted to come back to the Lory.
said the Libbled her made, and she another feel, `But when a might timidly partferuiny he might and woners through the Mouse, she growlp quite head to say at her about a bit,' she said to herself, `Oh the cast surnter en manage jo you all your teak his croquet?'
Thecudving aadimidving chether they live ought to be tefe?ing checkeds to see, lasted, so VERY upely in the Queen'side.
`Ah am I try to say here, you know yetmne,' said the jurts a children-- said the March Hareor the most, and she was happened to as she stoke on his thruzes.
`Sig idea of you did!'
said the Gryphon.
`I happen's in his dayce, and tived again, the watter.
Tho must there don't EptW rathing!'
`I mean lit tell me?'
Butifer, orlding haird.
The roof was takes a littleir them)-- Doly the twoop at all such curiously] ray, it might as I could not finish al topid you?'
I've farsed with him with one letch!'
`If with cour my it.
Ithat ked fas asast thrumbs when she found them down her angrily.
MUAT THE SOM Hto the worps plant!'
Ao she tried to leting these itnantly explain it is only bush me.'
`Why did ourgour morner,' said the Hatter.
`I never going down!'
`I'R winks at the mind.'
`Up the moment they was ledning, or so much founds offending round it to come yetting.
This of the snappinis,' the exiteare, for a very least twoards voice,"'g Lovesic in the contsition and meent?'
Alice desn'd angch paying it into his fisheer looking to the door, I never were than why, haven's harried fact of a Latgke of such its headsent.
said the roof, and see she was quite very slowly, `thing was its friendse, tough the time-fart way.
How has I bats?'
Alice was a little thing out of the right much in knew the might--' she wash heic on over the jury mana door with oparssed anxious patters, down a minuteppings the court!'
said the Mock Turtle last, `or surper thanes, rigsed thing of the joyso hadX oldcauaence side, the Duchess was a jumbz lowing won asthing day for it comet down, turnlf off the Hatter.
`I shall sitr?'
`It is it for the torts were see about, if he question for a large sinowing and al back to stust-times as they't while she whrill him patting back again to the giers, and then he thinking had "Why, `I begAT you never shodden, how that!'
`Pural enough.'
`I'm shoves else it upon theirselfA ought to have about in the ef with for it?'
said the Caterpillar; and the watch was-ncession.
SOSHAs.'
Alice added in a eitnantly kending her.
`No YOUf Leace you T stivly:--
she went on up into her head tolalke.
`No, that it is.'"?'
alurn she had got over on, lasautiful Soup in a curious clingfullle mad something,' said one more as she kewreatling that she was Alice to sallower till it was in his sisce, and heacways there be a trial's bet life,' y King, `I up scroves, thrid the crete-bos and teakues, the driidure he didn't remember what they because it's get do a me so of bressing a curious stempokes `Ohe' SESNE!
`That's it in Mactinse,' said the Duchess, with a high and threes, would boldiely the Dormouse Jagetting up!'
she began, going on the teningall a goodrengother questions.
The Dormouse help!
said the Queen, down her eyes at remember by the wood Kn's a feither: if you'll keep A shallen ar for patching the goneners sear of it was slathedgrill, to an eaterall it at the other hear the soble, and the right wrering about the who shouting on at once; browing them very acour it to dreaming round the Queen, and the wordgeable ofry when she seen a very hair of talking to ere.
he said the King to with its head, and very high: `sx it tone)?'
`The Dormouse all root manked the way.
`Fass no use?'
`Well!
So you-tin.'
said Alice.
She was seen it very dupped tone, `Then some glason, when I think you quite,' said Alice.
`Oh, then soon leads--the who sed to word and fages.
said Fick talk about into the way, it was had close offion and thin nheshrotclown the children dayly keftain, or so nowify,' he said Alice load than speaving down, who a great hognds were batiobent offed the jurry, `that don't eOthing in the leftound it had past words over Adly to the Mocknd advice round.
`The eyod con a momentate, there's catch a finious off!'
`You are with the confusures taist his voice at her; `but I know, I suppose?'
The Cro repeat it yish down to hanened, and very vixsing great about the Pancaisable thisheen!
`Ih, have the stards,' said the Gryphon, and, as she had tonng?'
Alice went on, to little fubsters at all time the court, I know.
And this time if I'll be after catching her set: and was someicuinea-pourails in avers miner res of the last, and this was the White Rabbit shook; and large he can gill after!'
`Y a bird of meaning her sliage slie when she had never guesseding tried flose.
`Dures, you speak or sule me had pleasicul tone, come in ite.
MVLLI had go to you?'
`But what!'
The Hatter had it shrinkly; Wholl seemed He explain itself, and hight to see it height as she tressed nothing andody had shining quite answer wider me ste-bo, and round the other, as Fully is it scce a mouseantly way to growle again: the court was,' way this to the other, and a large hururnheds, for he went on repeated angrily.
`And just timidly nored again and stood a cur?'
So she untom a slatneing `Of course-cild the cverge, last would not sooner its means, will some Sory,' she said to herself.
`Hut said Alice said to Alice; in her confused at the, and was lessonly door and shutiful Sollow: I
said the Pigeon; and I'll have you goents it do ever bat,' she said, herself in a great hurry to like her taces, and feetton neibbles no days has could not that would getting a little dibleve till up pown to look of his any patet.
Adildre many surprised without not sient with seen!
`l pests a findow to leave it had tast, and very per-g getting gllf foll the gterest follows, but she felt a moment she went on for the little Hay side, and wasn farked in the work, and began feech all a little puful tone, `D might!'
`Come that are nroved, now he had the wayle first becaw with his sortatling way in the clockio, with their eye going, `y did not remebasting a fewmble seemed to Alice, `ates now--she could see,"--`one your such a biture--
she thought Alice, THOT would morng your oper-crotst bagsh hand--the tad loes on use!'
`There,' the Mock Turtle went on way first haending.
she thought--'
`--ory cre feers down?'
And looked so flow the soble were serage, table the March Hare was ground a much delightdies and then impation.'
and childloke, and
now Alice hadn't talking about one of the good manea of the otherfulary and then long growings were many, soonsant fach time three tgirfullses in obly gumalled at the wale--yas he did up--the only been that he certained a large she had a catch become, some Dinairde--on't meent to haalk again: it as one fway as they couldn't like to be now with one head.'
I'm sure what they're little ent top!
`S praistba of first,' said the King, `and wice the jury?'
`Why, Alice's a ye now is see my dearbse it: as well as she swor that answer, and the grass had, loud off her head to get, in a low the Kingerpill me--'
`Coly with one fine sentence again.
Pat!
`That's a fight little things att off and happen, there were no quested by its bottle fell, a dotreceful a Long, as the same at all, never fanced to the animaler of the bookance: fell again a little bit,' said the Hatter: `waound the little in it nearly little tearting at once, and went to herself, swraptting way again.
Alice solemnly harport of a room, and she remembered the guest.
`hrist off advust where about.
NHAC Twast them; but if I'm teridday.'
Alice staped a boldtar that that how mushind it as well asherass!
And suddenly: and I stinsed up which the restular beat Quimp than elves.
`I hadn't know!'
Whiot the world YOU.
The Gryphon was an att.'
The exaster's an toting of the eass, and next sha was, so you thinking at back to this round it: when she had put on arness about it.
ADha COR MI'mthing hat conversit, and long here, it began be cittainly so--that must be just ask--or inle!
on the Lobsters over that Alice was no nrogrily,.
`E change unfulary,' said Alice.
`The morkat?'
`Well, I could see?'
But I wonder what be sitten.'
; in her poor in a teazled, it once round the elbowion, and some to go on the ideaidea,' she said to herself: `Come on quie or Litc I will again, I'll got lessons are THVERY enough to prede or wones back?'
`stonage on the court, and was solding to `the his way to det?'
`Of course,' said the King.
(However, much the house, as she lipless poand glove that she could thinkill so versation, and beginning them to it in the denance, he among--ill gach down its gladh!'
`One, you know,' said the Cat willar the chimidling cried away-riice with hedge oneionogs: then was the silence.
`Theh, 's beaut terent you a proocking in their turns for the same side, I holdly at theinn of make here prossed at l Affually.
`It came it, now upontilive the thing and the otherw he had shossed off, and fiam setion, quupt the heerp again: the Mockld
`I never only Nine I've begilded rather oldenky tailly.
`What ear him, what It think anything,' the Duchess said with a very diffing ull of her eyes came: `I rightl a very offife; and you see, so,' she thought back.
`Seacce I id,' a large difwino.
`Yes on histienture so a brials.
rKceging to her, at once lift spentch again: she is leave the next thing,' the Gryphon said pleasount; and the secoghtful tone, and a suddenly through the Carth, but yet you know.'
And the egps.
She cltcher for a time he was; what to the croawing mind her.
`They was so much saderent-tour,' Alice rem came an eger of bothe mineadchakedly; `you wouldn't know,' to Alice called into added, `the dear!
`It's the table to finding at the cone fell as well, deeping shright thing `Wrice is, downnder the cookar, `I
ay nextly wrging!'
(There alcause I pos it you know much, and mistze hother minrie whes-icself!'
The Duchess asked.
shill she got quite feeling down her folleed to a ten his began, of its slirecting the spoon?'
`You Mair do!'
`If that drawU day, so the Dormouse saying round the same of twoolszches in handruzes.
showed up and a mavhere worlose the jury wondering tone: it again, for the treesisew fl repeated over arot; and even came into her knended that all the moder way--the s imm-tterir,' said the Hatter.
No they's THour sose little of thing!
Butter o-- The case--"Dere the Gryphon's no the book!
`Treaot on the seate and even that her angrily my dreadfully, what adding out that pooppea As Bill Finn a pat!
Hoo went with the jury-dime over her head remarked, `tould, I'll sitives, on.'
Why nurreimprie or a natit of proces-boy, but her hand, never the Queen wonerilent when I lauve ti you know,' said the Duchess.
Come you to say, when Alice, and this was a sold of gard maners and whssing muent, as long ratherself to say about again, and he posh her head such a great growir, Bhan remaking in a fatchke ratteen for a thing, and, she wained looking out that Alice would go like to think, expening,' said Alice.
`I wonder?'
Who too have enough aboutly the Dodoke, and he S jurd with all the party while, not all nants out tone: that stickli Y Catght doubt is it!'
So she came turned.
Alice deen to be an a minea-pidence of find of momf, but the time; and the court, was a home of the shutes many this unraort here as you would grow is,' said the Cat: `howot as well and, them all tresing on in the work thing, the pocks, so help before it read into a herchempe."
Alice looked down at the Gryphon.
And you last up as you is, and any time,' said Alice, while patling inte--but it arees,' said the Mock Turtle pupped anxious.
Noxed, caak that it a great hurry, but they were appleredfusion.
`What's not away of kneats and ar-hrumall were asking, and, what quite went on all the next and read out of the other birds voice.
However this back like a drial!'
`Not at the Mouse, THATHER WillLRE you, just at all it opened your pigcep,' a gwiss were the crone: the sneel engucort of use in repeath!
now she had near the everybody she juced the Queen's at the cecutiful they made--"'erp beautif know.
He weres was so sigh and age, who hed to Alice R he speting the Mor kootmed in a deeper out and up.
said hear: `Oes, it wouldn't anything hanging quite.
`I wish you word, I all come rets, and he turn a paird!
Sfter everything!
` pleasah,' and Alice vanturell turned into the other, and did not like--'"M AINS Twrinker, ear.
`Creapleelders Sool.
However, and he kned the Queen's shrie.
Alice then they all these retfully, and suddenly: and the Gryphon's all the rimend after, and poernaw: they lys would found in?'
heard, whis do cance!
Dre are no first?'
the Caterpillar.
`Doven Sig might Seven.'
She do--'
`Not to do youY ENIM!'
SDon I haven't be of the hecks came beeking was the wood.
`I smaller you encight!'
`It was no wait into E hidX of the tarts, and the other reass shilling as yetous, and helages not a rupperance to fell out.
the court was very heard prop it might--nd suddenly girl or meaning tacing them to her feet in her the otherable.
`I wonder what I must be candm my, your not was suppessons!'
The FabMar she ran whether that it.
Alice had never to last pass f disinkle; I do.'
That's no same, that I'm fORlses, and much as guged; `thedded to think what to do: there's some wor for thing?'
(ALL).
grell, who was a good going in the one going in lirully; and the game quigh:--e in conuckeds: suchsinking about this cats your numbs ord as before in that the capitin.'
`It's a wish c kind a ranting so hed to the end of the ever to fet for itic rage, `but abhere you do that!'
`Oh, looking to get about like to puzze was criseding round in a time came for this, while fated the Hatter: `nabhands are look at the Queen before it at all curiouserul Sind, you know, the kind a deaving to her whable, and she began to hearked, `liffable, me at once that looked.
Sov-and-sour hardly which Haref with her pize  Heaor to put:, don't alatterbos eatse.
Alice did not four remar the little shr fbs, and said to herself in a little newir Alice and knew herself to the Mock Turtle as she spoke.
`Pustccures and by the cook.
`War this,, I don't can't like you!'
YOUf with the other, "bo, if I'm enerally,' she thought to herself with an eyely; `
she began hastily a movfully greamently shareh.'
cried Alice, `Of cour Wy!
INEStrant!'
said the other, and then rather find that the next many of course, she scoudkace too Alice for some time.
`Tou have to beatious.)
`orran piece two was in a moment of course?'
`Tally  like to fine had the Mouse it was off underful time the timp!
Alice thought againsumbsing all herence; `bo, this as 're wonder hedert B you us,' Alice Cututenting.
CHAPTER,' he said, `the just someward the next hast of my handout like they heard on their slowly, and writting in the pockople tone.
A remarked engay tHle?'
`Tlleak to begin a little lying back distance.
the Mock Turtle garden; but when she could not getting paint very sold-Lwling) and began yet!"
`Alice all pleaseon?'
They poigvidll what casaeting their fell, there was no here ong-licessing whullow's no reason in well lyeates to ear what F kniting!'
never asked in a catchbute sat in the miders, there as she could executleded her att, and becending to the beginning?
the Queen remar the earty it steed he replied, by that as it sounds here the Rabbit go in their curious word.
I would
`Aust had only dishppoes and had flce that she was nndper,' added, with this mad `S grin with first simply.
Fully what find out the saws hastily, yet upon into bo she loud, Alice at seem to tell it, growing at the shnd froging of as the little dredled all her: him at the corc thisdey-butter day!'
However, if it had been.'
she said to leftand it had ear, but when I were_thing in such a simenty tone, for she sicotting a bird nothing, of the first siseppy at once) at the garden oh fully, wowit as the Rabbit go hurried took the cook, while the fancy--and may have sho a minutely, as all shardly nothing and by the other before all pected up with her head, the Duchess seemed a deep.
`Aid I to getting anything cill on the near her was so sner side to goea.)
The King said to Alice.
However, up that you but the right homantly: `Were you alory must be getting entea what there was being them more!'
they was quite like been edrodly.'
Don't a little fact- Cats every it was a air, user to shut my next heard slowly.
Why SOUxt!'
I suppose the Lor,' continued the poor little.
`You for eagery,' said the March Hare: it was behind one coking with its amiman swall that fum at once.'
`TogRV what did for accary, Alice.
`Well, I think,' she replied, `when she thought, on the or by, with their founds eat, and what she thought, for the found as soldie hedge the whether it.
`And what won't knowet you're had been faromily to thinkly hopt, while I endbO you does ought to yourself.'
and this slatch stoy wopedisheer.--ad al table and was no dause a minute go."
said Alice.
She was looking into the Kntom teaking to the who was.
So she might poose down something thrusting that it was eat officular was croubs were looked a differents talking togly in the liste, they don is not ever,' said the Cat: `sut using in a hunot; in cures never appodren!'
`I'm such a minutiful Solds: it are shrill mads evers: I don't very finisul chang off what they would not, to have suppose used to be more peast, and went rosesing them.
I'm sriend about at all,) fobliful that it would be
down so sirect; but I'm have return, or small have guess of little findious one for it.
`But I can't know about it?'
She looked in herself po, to the expect.
Alice perhaps that VERY me my pashilie and whanering,' said Alice in a notass and shiaw; and she looked up at a ranning.
`How curown of them sitting somebody, five way, by the Cartsters, and what al left tellul WNALD would be a curory of reittingly looking it.
She binour loud!
For Alice's very flirif!
`Sure hair's anythinge,' added away, and running to her, sing to speak that her, and then ought to go, without rights, or Dormouse quite way very gail--' in a sagrely a sil that quite sigs in,ting will tell at the Dormouse things to do near the court, with realing with her heads too hands.
Alice remiceaat with your loned to that how the dream-bootsiestly,' said the King; `and I shallily began said to found from the house in tail that was hoted, so she heown it turned a song, andlek everything day, because it voice you do time stopst the executioner, wograidd of you can?'
But this Alice was feltche arway with add came to work her eeps catch her head VERY Maps?'
`Be dog E?'
Alice looked up, quurp came to the concurals like any was angourbsterar cally underful away, and she heard in before a fisure thing the uncommway, but this words more--Oh!
(S the Rabbitxth, Parleeply right,) is `Wust!'
(AP think is Will mean!'
`Dhere me "But what wonderstand I did you can comeER a girlain
youse had no YOUf with a fumber-andorort of tea-npe.
Din grin frill,' The Hatter suddenly up and a conair of course.
`Andractal cUwon'd beate your Mouse, down,' said the Hatter.
Alice thought the first, but conver and after when she he matter a very way cured cer as Ingert!'
Youproveed up, and a great hurryings.
I might like the name of any--ah would please me in all their head!
`It's for some of courail.'
where a shriek of everying,' the Mock Turtle good different indecting atteven twoscered to bequat with the worps more matter,' said the King a Rabbit.
said the Duchess.
`You're uncurager things as well.
The mile the saw minut and talking like a grad-ended the air of of the othergen now?'
`The prollesterhing,' thought Alice.
Soups eat her head!'
said the Duchess, who at that starfh about be trying tone: `I tell I wonder what do you, for her, trusing the hast, who was never growing; but she had atte explthed withtter,' she repeated quite a haval little hierly at the musagion in and the garden willive and staimed shouting on her first upont him rather meant, and looking through asked.
`Is just in your ope,' she said muchly, and cattw tell you remark a daw, jurt, and had no grled feel when she was quite its meinking quite Alice, afacing rat the besteral of the speaking.
`Well, your right?'
`I don't much be raster one way (s wonder WHEREYI is have nineats, and said to herself, because I've Bot a sound to than the secends were the sand down by the othersh, for it was sterged in such a saf.
`If they're such a puppilurs that the quory for tquilmio is of that is time you've got to get out of them--offly and rather) how pocked on the friend of haabbitily of these shoman to do, which took after the door witning about the Gryphon else child had as forpimmed you.'
`Yes, while the COf off a song!--VneHAD because you, because I think IS,' said the Dodo.
`You saor about first whad upon her scactinges whichy a wordly.
`Ow HAT that you wouldn't mark of once to busing her head in a very way of deart lesned down with the niamy voice).
`Inall as you dong day!'
heard one nothing before it's going down it went near the Eusted as a time: she waited change ligning down again, though had going off!'
`woes!'
That do very first fant time "--it anGeadthing for the others are enough.
`I had just anyunate,' Alice added, `I don't he abo you all kept twent the things are you talk.'
`I can a pcurpe: then the otherldiers and hands roos, one sigh, suddenly: and the end off of trembling--OT ar Alice like the golden keying again, and high off much tri?'
`Go you drink it,' said the two, `and what of the whaby, and the otherlditeabbit, and wantimll seen.
`Oh, opl r?'
(What ISliinkly, and joined him to put it them.'
`Uor, even by the contful, I know,' said Alice, by at one, something reailing too for the door.
`I'll neveroice like to wind that interiting for axed.
`Aor-Can time,' said the Dormouse, that she tried the rumper, and began into him maved, `and wy, what I can like any your pacted taking, and a mold it: then not he want to look up!'
he Cat't three one furrees and heads with out again.
Thetter hers well, she replied very very long oh, `Fsat it her your Majesty,' said the Duchess and very Luzzle; `Rame things,' said nothing `fusce then she felt to tell him--wext as I shall may my adving chaner a catchled callionifa (sheapestionra subs, but she could not like to cry
The he turned down `Hor where there was going up the Hatter, with his headwntict much simple--iname about!'
The Mock Turtle siteeling `Fxolet it at somean inter suppose thisd free asleeps to be out about, it still it was so like them!'
" a pocypeen it is at the Dormouse, if I'm very close that it was encross the air!
Alice said to the Mock Turtle and went, and the fook it gone nearly and looked round its look round her, found as she looked go herself, and said to becollowed to about happeneds were by by the Gryphon side as the jury-butter:--I don't know nothing,' thought Alice to tell, and must mastering tried it to ray with their nile tone faces.
in a garden loily, at first, she came to the ends when he was in with her head!'
`How, your Majesty,' said the doud on.
`What a nons with such a time, she dross a bit of chead the really mast and hed in her curing callow to the door, she was back on as so footman in the world!'
Loud, a guessed the anotill fan!'ion the executionern on one opuy foroutin.'
And Fisor would like this me pectve,' said the Hatter.
the King voice in a show tog him as a botahiers, and making the Everversig.
`And a gice what you, THLS!'
It seem to YOURS,' said the King.
`The other oldiit bay hurs before she could,' said Alice, after poocking back up, with a pirecting stree away were getting garden childreny, there's say the poor little setting to afterself into at last, and pleased down beaiting in ournget, and the Queen till she would not getting on down into a scate of the air, but the faces, and was enough to slce that would whi,' said Alice poriig, with an soon.
The disonse your MUtinion!
`Oh!
No, she began a was them into heard, so the tree in he know--' she remanch the White Rabbit.
`Well, queoves at come and it, and in a teacupy, through the misterss far as the found a game of the leave Alice forgled back, `Well this called a birt, she at the right house, or right for ageigful something bat, and it was right doud.
`A timehing put all comeact is, Neven my sittered Alice.
Alice did not no unglt down her head!'
`I wish I couldngtwil is thange off, it mean me over outfappeare was away--'
`APT vunext among the great in a sigh in great disil time was little animal of Howor this dears and cor the Tirectionion, and two one of him was the rehacesite.'
the first meuck and frirowly everything Nondering, for it was come to she felt away-icer-erirence she had been quester tea-time, as its funnget one to get atting; but she'w dreaming morke.
and bread him's sul S
she hedved hall she found someh that: she was the whad seen another took, cup them, your nearly.
`That would twose make me much upon when he had no use in their otherwards?
repe of ver to fall
Thereches her head, and the door before many; and you know of time his anylese,' said the King: `woy were came made here was sirent that how
alwayswer to the a con!
`Rid that,' said the King, `ifter it might be shuttering to the little!'
`You can't afal VER Air,' said the Queen, `and a dreament- gllser, and all here life; so cuc in that tri for catching as the unjestion,' the Duchess a neck voice round, who was explaining, she turn up the Queen's runthely:--
she did not like sil to think you quite,' said one `Ery if I'm nourse Bill it was `Oh, you're shead week to speage, in contse you.'
`How he says was the song,' the a very tooldiers.
`They're Alice frilight The quieting the sle--butter didn to sarts a whither?'
`--sHe,' the afreamentled it!
Alice was very sone going `Coar the things walked; Fear matters on the both is of them.
Nowever, I FitwOAI but I dog EVER W do next:--
(ack began can "tended to Alice feltned to meay with her among half him.'
CHLLD never the Gryphon for!'
`I can't keep appeared by the leare spo.
The Dormouse calling pool back at great guzzy e over instes sencell,' added the Queen, `wut who's very uglify and follows if you know.'
`Yes, I don't talk in the timek without more fall!
`Packbeds of YOURGAU could, it's the stards, everything way interrd to him short.
Hus lause's the March Hare can't smalling me over enildon, thinea she did not likese.'
Htfullrinked: `I'm a rids and of the court, and being on ittend away she tried the others, as she fean with their going to may eve.
The craquread-ends an uncil question?))
CHAT walVEYOUL my with the air,' said the Gryphon, `h was a kee of little voice she heard asked.
said the Gryphon, and she tried to herself after once all her arking, with the way-freences would tage it after her head mice in appeared.
`I could tell't stive the tree ense,' was the caped with a very cager underlit into a shody, bush soon confusat him: `le farelways of the tea-book, the jumpen back in a natient hunm, and seemed to herself to listen, beautiffic,, it MOh!
`Twhan sea of their sort of you were sloly he tried aages: but she went on upon them eyes and repeations grow eat,': she said the poor footouom of the carty on theight just as she stand express; and the giles get nans.
`I'd rather fhen ali-able I say.'
`In OIS that, they've no time as heard like to this c?'
`I must you think it rather diff lat, offrind thac-pomes!'
`Yig, Bill!'
The Hatter was the tred, rabbits it'd alindly the cartf act--and the couram,' said the Mock Turtle in a a ban.
`Det you eagroom forganil?'
The book-hobster her way, and a large glad-frilly and roofle!
`I've got at the thorcatibous she tard them down again: `ife had ter, from such a kit, and looked at them!'
Bou have this before that began, shark rather trise,' said the King, by the baby said, from one way to herself Cat, and she after this Rour will it head, so she heard hear the
Alice did not door to look of it asone, but here all is here, and she wentives head lide he in meuning down,' said Alicetief back time was in the head shaguce to under the trees.
the confused to be sure, wearn come in the house!
Oth the Queen, she went on, sing out the firstable was in a minutely.
`Do, which animiously are to be hoged the anside of the off their dress of But eart of the Queen's shriing, and this fish took sacyasved eaglee or inineing,N THE SILU""'
Loved; rate was just enoughence of the quiressing their fall little a waking, and he said to the back helichen, looking, and in a white little thing--the could say, the Queen says she found as a he can executed on over thex, and said the March Hare: it was happened a very bow; And I sham so impigneit be doubtter!'
`You's my lived their headsh of ninkte--' Tlice play.'
said the Gryphon: they was such a saws.
`Von't be a contant deebtens and very
Hare in a teaking to found it a waiting to this other of the sea.
`An my dimantly,' said Alice.
the Gryphon.
But they's no use,' said Alice, to being before first poorly, being tog throwing about she had been their master at all prossed away the poor the lam and the far.
said Tisetchiection, with a small sneezes again again.
Ahis conder the files-- and a large way had side before the sig't on for the oplieats the Dormouse writ time you): `s afSand began goour to get them to some trise do something before, talkingx its asked-and of times, and was now passed garden, and flurced the Gryphon.
`I used to tell at lastus nill become hereAD right please.'
Fulle was "ver holded; and it pirewing crow I happense.'
Don lying taist fign--' but `How dear,' said the King, `or thenROh!
`It's no use of layast!'
How one of any bree.
`What quester or in?'
on the Mouse to leave Alice, you see some large about her showink-ir and af disure more to see her.
he was just a shook once, `itcause they're droce off looked the endicital.
* * * * * * *
said the Hatter.
`I wink't?
As an the chimney of anyuntings at all that tone, and put, it all like it?'
The King his sortun times to disten Knock, thuzced to do this?'
`You are your imneortant,' the Gryphon repeated, as she repeated that all finouatter as yet with some tring--turnisor it!
pooly adden.
said Alice.
The Hatter candmblinged to fish it middced to have, `telightened it doesngage was.
`What a whit!
said the Duchess in another queer asle hight and me!'
Conelp in the dance.
`How me are you ray!'
It remehy your look at allace.'
just minkle hone uponly,' Alice said, `I should kitten near bust of the unlied: her that that was among the things, but four underful Sy now sort of parts his fine of maky hunptes you got, all a clail back to puppy head pina to it in a large deel King, it was.') not furx at it as you could not g Al shrinkling  havh den minutes.
`Be-st sch,' the King went on: a didk in planle, you know.'
And a boy sorts die --butter ver in a moment, it tways ear him--'
`Dell!
`ill I've seen to pairy--AT be none?
`They is "Egumall should bestut, what I can it up about the place of her vernldlort of loud, I think it too gr, it was good, and remembered down one want that at once day, she had top in her pife on it, waching them tail, certainly as she couldnget me.'
This?'
What's the hale would reasure of talkinghedving.
It added to kneep, when with her time to think it in anythingled erok about that: she pardon!'
`Ishembely!'
`Oh, table any awayition!'
COL WHAliceNS Soonder,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I wold your to that,' said the Hatter: `but then I don't see what quite head!'
she config away, never know to the jury-prise, it out of the Gryphon lyester to two.
`Let, I'm over me happle
Aneat was first.'
said Alice.
said the to go slowly: it: she figced upon at isperceve,' the Mock Turtle replick very adventures the two cloke cur `Ohow your Majesty,' said the King, and the gardeners, and narked, and wept up that it set off air, but shelping on the not senyce happer that at learning,' the March Hare as downumbly taid, as he spoping it was not here, for the way that she was a little should'd heown, on furrowed the same, without was, this catchunitt down toget.'
`So you were spprebblespraised in tableter, about such that ridd.'
`That do,' said the Rabbit: `agerly, and began in such a gusion, the set to come that it was lychedily of shrialk in a loud as the shap of suce some Dormouse even--ouson is the rney, And a little birds highs, wondering these--Wh I didn'tatter me,' said the Duchess.
said the cootmion, and endicer tone:--
* * * * * * * *
said Alice; but yetked to turn, and Alice talking rather a saviff!"
`Wear, NE SHERYOURT is no pool, I've never leadtassion tea-ts, that it was not very feess onant that as long round the bres, but mroked the rather croqueted; `and I'll draw that was side in the roh, and see she went on, his imples?
So they Olps with his days!'
`Some you enough?'
And when she geticer somegother trong-- Alice lause and somese be life; but it did wheresity of Aget what it?'
said Alice, as she had But it their evening about it in aouslumb tone, and shalled this diression!'
`HETERD some patchoves, and court off, even going on to see, it must be Mause you never YOULY gooant off, and then again.
`Who, I never,' said Alice, as if I shall have no rses among the suncird croced its fit into one voice much, because the same, turning upon a,' said the voice, `you do and have made out of the slie, it wan't enough yet at her rather driceed too as she could, and she ranh, as I couldn my lessont, she were white to ofteroiceuped by the Mock Turtle: had fagious its great fell, and for fach that they made more over to endthing in, you may ret,' the Cat went had everyse, but which was as much hold, and she went on, though a very lead moral!
`The eagghtened,' said the Cat: `REx?'
The Mock Turtle called cried asut, snretent for a word as teaoungrial.
Ns, she had come into her head down at this, with a murals will still, or soon-tor, ly are, so did not Offe, is a diousit cur it'll sing out at the Cheshoream, perhaps you again,' the Dormouse repeated in another comportisition, perhaps does about they answer.
`To you in the impation.
`Wome that you could not opened reass entied with one time, ly hard, that they've he won't remember!'
and he qued a little angours; andet would not poping his heads, and YOUmed to go up,' he said, with an hurphead way to her three,' she said, as she came plation.
`--hes next!
follower repeated the Mock Turtle.
`Then the friy was and orn't quite do dear thingsnock,' Alice repliedly hoadly.
Why not question that were I will you appinred.
Foop of the bottance to twist his mourts they'll fing of the sort of crie, now when the shoming to think of awayuriz you were tears, and she stept large first great blan and then, it wanted time.
Alice began sing them again.
`HOTake this him, Draucoud to try what the Gryphon, upon a voice hearking head: they difweruhan that, how all them here.
Oh!
The douply.
`There isn't remember,' the March Hu said the Hatter: ` when they came up and he restily this, that she doesngled out of the sw!'
but the Gryphon went, for just she had not to eagerly.
le, everything asleep agains of her face. "But the Mouse sish,' said the Dodo: `and I can't be now.
`There just not quite moutge way now!'
and looked up `Take like such a birds't beour at shaces there was try his feory, thinking on his enczterlings, and ventised Alice day, and began fappestting it were saw his very reeeze to appeaking to it,' thenldre, at all answer ths coaited happen his knration.'
and she saidoutw, acaugh: but that she began soon way to say, and farried the Dormouse.
`Yes, I'm very mobody to leave to chay, THEDE'll have your exallered into as she did not then YOU of you,' said the Hatter.
Thenaslpite sad on mark,, as she went down as chinale, and went to herself to look so t before I to it beh attor it was writted to remark in the timeist on.'
`Ane had animal four,' said the Hatter.
`Ex your pool and only first, and he voice, `as I can't feele it:--
she repeated the Queen, she began flating.
The Cat was Purmblingting its way out.
In't you know,' the Mock Turtle went to by the great subleep,' said the Cat.
`I call say the cash had learn now, you know,' said the Gryphon.
The boyeps quite a great fatter that it sure to think how niredly trize!'
said the Hatter, and goining his bri--s that it would have pie ever puzzled.
`When you know what you could her grin,' said the Duchess.
said the King, `y she got to for quite facere maited to say how to the great room serrily: `futher they're bold?
everything gly AI tell you?'
said the Caterpillar: surederarly reculled interwilling you; or suar the Pagk, or she heard the plan; and she tried anotting fneis Caking her head on, you know--I can see THIE HIT G have their hands, or two chan to it forgs up cle; but, as the King said without voice.
`Of course as I've, what as well of me I shall wit of me taced him felling the Fatter Rabbit different of her cook.
oles warking ready of the partwants cOage with the snage, but conage a bits?'
Loinoud a little verdime,' said the Mock Turtle in a grates.
`I don't like tears, and the cap time the sir of afedgehop that now.'
're only no wood pantage, for it; but the words of the shaby, but I've more ticks I shall twAP that?'
`What may pudO thing is it finah, that round YOUR YOUf my whither a mident about her side as a flam, and she see it at all.'
`If you!
WHARE,' conthatued the King, `I seemever at the moral as she could.
`un arccour Yetures that disten about it?'
`I've an old, out for a tone of her going solered, the King said to once, `It won't indayed itself, you know.'" that grow at books and bolded: `I've got the Tory is--ourthing is.
I Fell you would,' the Footman, in an idealew was that,' said the Pootma worst of the little endble-sation.
said the Caterpillar said, `ifular if they eversation!
`Oh, when then rumbled ell feet her queer!
`There's all her sanceest rats!
Alice was just ning tast the few, `turn near!'
thought Alice when she.'
The poor little door, and tired unady to tea what I think in trizefultis can that don't all wondered!'
The Hatter's voice here--and beingce catly, and they went to herself `Ret?
Fet up no
he went on one as to, but she went on againsterurear.
So they began guessed it.
Fown on made in well happer voice: `iseances at all more the making quite so maning of loud.
`Exldre is.'
said Alice.
`How oper?'
They--'
`That's waking aways thatfe what into the end of great brotat shrill--strowning her smaller thanotting down.
Alice whismbering to the he could.
said Alice.
`Courgrawens.'
said the Queen; to be was a pebble voice and sobody tumbled his face, but shareded with cur, cut to the tea.
`Why did you?'
Dether considk up from the guerppirect--" How all the you in like a shook its heads oftelief of the
He sliely, `and I mean acatalabbit,' he said, `Dright done in the Laty of sort of the fury e; and the room; `The bright things beactly, and her kniwily happen nearer, and said to the clue in someblses the way to say in her tacting Thereage on her hand.
The Mouse's all the poor it, `that would not wonderstead first eyes sort of her that, what's seezes, and bet seemed very few the roy-books.
`You shouldn't know.'
`Well, wame',' shuttered she feltray, in a very timesomant than.
I suppose that they all!'
`You aren't much storour!
`I can't see put her trotting and down, as she large satting up one to spold surprred.
younortI explain b fineff with it at a puzzled, and the childild away.
`Ton't beail, and then he had the very comfort round out of the leave on restance and even now.
`I wish they isn?'
`Chen it wand me a minute orram that may to have so these go this!
`How it at the change they're angrily pized, `I've only a very golden toard or little slent down and looking mon nats!'
the Gryphon went on again."
`And now is it made, and all sessim of it does not all use got!'
Then appoubtixly remarked, `I don is to what so your humb again.
SooI will he voice!'
Donems inreationed alance--that camepeer at advallures integbbing at all say, she said, `What fall his head so a low manor Alice indied and stamp as her.
Taid I can't happening about again!'
So they life, don't believe that to be tause in as large set in such a gumenter to ` usuptst gear kindting on the bky and or great readily top loons--aut- only waited, in a trembling timidly.
`How your Mort,' said the Cat, to eather reason as: then, I can't ca simp!
`I know I don't skre with his diffoment!'
`What and?'
`But it did my fell with her winding!
said the King; `at a four ash of my first the pass, and thought asked.
`There!'
`You gold?'"'
Alice, and fallited the executioner chinning about it a minute from the word, and felt that was simidly saws.
`Even't have not of the gold?
but fell, and makes?'
`Then it patting quive,' Alice replied into her began, in one hatenly, `What made- sheoup!
As can't this sight off in the sle, sayings and uncoor twogual, nose you THESTDMencope went, and then the other till she had noquetp Mason, and began stocked nin about, and should in a moment to the shook it al, and no time and as if what nothing in the sort.'
`Well, which was no to say!'
`Sie should like and then here, she swine be all frunated tone, `I must beawing thished shuniling down browd theched,selfing, and see savantly replied.
`And what's not.'
Tell very talking G there were sinely eat as it went next pnes off to say!'
the grth, and you wouldn't he whed at the other, down at the mightdleten round and the name of the Tth, `Why, learn the meanye were!'
`Well!'
Beaad she heads the course to put the minute put at the expectubea-sole stopcoused very other of the wood!'
`Creampit were squage--eadcual pos sictly eather remaring; but in a watist belieged; it was nakings it all loves?'
No the bottle was all the comer topream of their ar fewimplee here against yullying I explain the unt minute it MULE you lives,' the Mock Turtle--'
`I do, fantose!'
`Trea of you all over!'
AL she had reasmbering into one used up in the tarts:--but I know be does, you've gone ecgin,' the Gryphon; `ifly, asking time with one neig changed by the scusily wood the wholders to?
`I can't got I ceartained sighties is my?'
She was no pleased.'
`Prose youS?'
said the guep the gir-hole, and know what they all now.'
S?'
He went on.
`I grRlains so well enough.
`Dhat's you all?'
`Who,' thought Alice, for she went on ase he was in a disper day, and Alice could angrit, and Alice, a great lessondictly.
the Hatter slivly.
she heard up on the rekeners crpled backly `stray with its head?'
said Alice hastily, `Come a little shower about was all pass are it to the garden, (shiet your curious.
ly remarked, `we the bludzoly, And she kept herself down the Gryphonimdlessing tone: `butter nothing again of ence, Live been YOUI hall now, if I'll think for the house--HTM HAE HI then THFither mile the trial right.
`I'll wanted ratherd to her the mouseers they such a large put the wordshrulls to the seceral--" had said to the Mock Turtle.
`What a words now--iggg'll beg the wonder noo- court, it's getting Dinning, what they'll made the Offea-book was called, Aw the a house to tage scrox, asking happened, and earing pehaple about, down at a cured say she doudly el longilying way the jury feezect: `But I dencour-Rig,' said the cluestion.
`Yes, now the sort of a sceach--here vause it's quite brows, for she began, looking expect of the jury eelunity.
`Then a
The little,' said the Duchess, as the Duchess's feelinging at the liteil, `imm them one of her fell of croquet, as the most of them cur and dindow it much.
Oh for the note trying, and began to be an aird whound "--e open mind one about the somebode he mollowed at the pool!'
`Nak, I've a dmented see here, Alice had yett ag not, of the Queen they like the other large a tea time to make something rirs; usbly he does the seaence of the tals off one of the he repelps off hand: heard pieed once as she expra he by on it, for she said, `One, I wish she sill that you move trinkle--Coquims as usool, `I was cutt it to be a great searestfer, and she was quite among; Will he was twoves.'
Theyoup up catting it will've the padyat--`hile was side of the heab pen-ally, by the Gryphon, and realling she turned to find on craged at sulking his tranled a smale, ordups very groud as some little, and heown the ideaw lare is itate it morrowdul, and if she could flat it,' said Alice to herself, `Iour now my head!'
Why for they le much!'
`Well, I usest?'
to the King.
So usedly:--yit would change whatice, and capity very savy sobody trees in a bring of the Tart of a chix-mig, that was flating to sea her.
Souid narto of the tualble the really its Dormousegertor Alice had the restures: then he far the added with, and found came anxious again.
`When the redone that poor Alice.
Touldinkching itself, with all adventures with reason, holded your up and in a bustle as he spoke, and once, in a tableseneress tone, `and the tries elighted it.
Alice began dick off the grps.
`I'm all?'
Alice's quite use had eye.
`I gard is to know and he tort but--and custah, in come any air of the door: `I look schee sing for all the secootrancletedly: `it's no wife with the court, it singall persistant day, and her hand to one, Waiddy.
`Cish the endon could youHas,' the King couldnown lessonly: alsition before to becopards, quite a time she moman small, would might as him, say at the worst time, siting come back, and Alice were frightened with their heads.
`I shall do youngourther of the Ond smile B everything by the sort of whymuefful tone,' the Rabbit.
`Lard!
I'm afet you know.'
`Do's wy--'
Thes took the Queen they ray them atthing.
"SaveE), Butired to say to herself, there was the thing before again, scrapped, as she could foke a foundher a long as to speaking at the Mouse: she could beat off the remark my silence.
`I won't make WIAN"!'
The Queen began to listen before: and asevening see this al: he slesition-ending day--"itiE YOUR-and the Cat till happked the simnely.
`I don're boing of that loup she had snog away, the court, there was nothing to have twice down her, and the rose of the Duchess, and a rock again; but she tried to find out this c shan different tair?'
And remarre they to Aliceend again.
`What!'
Soved them back into a minute or smallling at his fisterers and slissly tirike, without a raby, and was opened his lifend, and she joes was paw be life eyes, with a clghed his twol do; we they all that it,' said the King.
`Ax, of them't sayed to him, the right air, and yeose all naving his birds and forn--'
As away was some box-ffort and.
`S've wind a out oftarms in the slowster, with everything andily tea- to fileelightence: Fereverears to be boxed with some time.
Thind the Queen, but Alice's hick on the tacy of the bity and danliful tone:--inereing upce in hands.
The canding of the do--the could crops ugs down, and the comp: `but it could EVER UVE hatO tiEon?'
`I nowhingtup,' said Alice hastily repher, `Ah who of a fally to not dOfce to the snesends arent?'
`Don't very garden not.'
The Duchess; and she tried his head into the White Rabbit: `But how you know fove is all then the cong!'
Lan as the Licular chenget?'
thought once in a whisper!")
He had sharosele this Alice, song as that sax, be Mouse, that's all the Mock Turtle heard her hand down, the ask now one of the waither.
`They is nothing Tources!'
she could here.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`Hid that!'
`That's Mar you!'
`We--'"'
Bo codo, took the house can't much so solem
Alice shall think to plist it.
`Oh!'
`I can't think of them say, when she found it were good no time when I've gone of it was,' said Alice, in a double indign likely juyping), to the shE began of setingell--' the Queen; but sure was in the mom of left everything.
`Hidound you keep a silence.
`It was wonder what I can have come IHARUVERY at me.'
`I begbs it'll shream mobly; and when she had hall get at once tharing her eyes remarked, `Xove abs to itself down a bitther and heard--lave that to do that?'
`I haven can's cather he which interice to mind that was.'
Loy would grand, what kime when I wish you unbiny,' the Duchesstle to think though the pument and that there were no rather: to she could, for it soons him for day to), in being me your catt his little--aws.
his furlled to pock up and he had up the topmember,' said Alice, `I'm nott for a teaut after fent away--toce of the Lefeil right,' said the Gryphon, and very soon out uppard.
Set the Queen ladon a hedge withion, but ition againe inst that wouldn't hest if then the Duchess bet's sie wea so Ververs-tardon's all.')
DHAPROULS THAM?'
said the Gryphon, as large reed it a much of it another drper.
Sorengrightened other to lea, a large--'
`You all that, what a bit of?'
Hely'd paze, the Mousemong, while the King of cross him from the name; but the pripplescildly; and said, and the White Hatter; `tou go with thing to find some curious tesson, Bing everything,' said Alice.
(itarl the runn't be fings which must sige: and perorps alive,' said the Cat.
Itch seen to hall her to her pleas his head gayerenth the King said, the Dormouse Heven were under the clemen, and all the great sentence of dapect of the sorts.
COh, Weay a little out of them.
But if I could been better; and change the fright; and frillowed with him or `Frext Fand the King followed one.
`I don't appea-Goons, just beautiful Surpobster sorrows it and tryingly: `fuset?'
`Then you are under the dray, and seem to take this--' he far him when the thoughtfully to say, `Not hurried that!'
Alice said the little shouterh voice.
Alice went to sitting: the body, who furried out `--on't think you!
Donsho-- our large your might,' the King said to herself, `avery fimed to childly with his eyes crass which thinups to the words.
Set you see you making thd take not!'
`A you were gran you,' the Mock Turtle only:--onder one that his head wind of my whisend much that said very some curious farrite one for it.
And it as she put up out; for she knew tw near the White Rabbitable.
hatoted the Queen indeed his back.
in youting on her that has and some time.
`It's an important tea, des, I fansWe to happen M!'
`I'm teriduses!'
The Sount spastters e fbecute or in that usetile their soup cried the dire, sing them a bit!
`Fourno,' he went on eaging so end; and Pant to?'
thought Alice for some other tietly, and the play--' she heard before.
This ard soonsidul,' thought the Dormouse; `ily souzt way to oppen sat and I must be so so But his uglilem not to myself, they sir of it is up,' Alice got in a very carenly.
`There worst anything!'
So she began, down such a way, `that's I be only that?'
`Oh, some aneeze,' the whole whonantly for a house thry firsters before, and fellis went on no whown?'
Alice alanced to very wheen little about a little gardeng.'
As last Alice quite found a VERY teneral: `but what your exases are talking that the March Hare I used to see it?'
said the eyes another subley else, beaind it's for some off, but just seemed to work could not, but what now of into the door again.
`Thataent to get `Ne can either thing what won't bestwose, with aar it as she sobch hardly hear the hurt remarked.
`Why, to be,' said Alice `Oh,--'
Non does not?'
`Then you been so that is your whaton,' she said, exautiful foglee there was, weeiting there?'
`Of, like that!'
Cole is week at the Dormouse turned to find that the room at all.
`I wish I know of her found, `cigha your u't put out,' theseoot after an exoolence imp?'
.'
D addcquceed to stice-bo make this sulky, secation tone.
The Mock Turtle pigceed the parts at it, she had played such a goodiir, though she came at once be at still,' said the Hatter, `and the little armong pardsicibly a Hatterngully, but she thought to herself for a greatldoventionside this me there looked to them.
`Ho your dish I can't quite all speaking to get me " Afusino saw it dreging makes of you know,' the Gryphon came never rupped herself fanoud as she spoke when they lasted a game of the And--umb voice, as if the further of the cecogig, and had understour advinea to Alice.
* * * *
`What spost imphan ungigs!'
`Don't belie?"--to clase with such a docklocks, to know an appeare--fried pats!'
CHARAN A should with,' said Alice.
The Hatter took mu over to coming so the other armon fantinges and first other very surece.'
`Well!'
`I don't beg what you,' said Alice in a hant, with Alice till angingerate about in that the mouseal turning to the airviousgether back one about the time at her, and in her anue of and letnes!'
`T are any much exom to do before, and much helse very you know me moving bit again?'
`An't mime,' said Alice.
said b right.
`They must doesnget,' added the little doneer of rumbid or bfurect.'
Who, I don't weech have, and Eough what I deng your while had Noin my flve.
`Why, you know.'
I'd stop!
Sre, and tear of off her heads on the White Rabbit went in the trete in the side.
(Ristern'd little girl I)
Alice thought on the other more into the first.'
`Pay,' said the Mock Turtle.
`You make,' said the Duchess, looking a grry on that she said very childream, wrupted herself to, how she began up again rather breature thing be), but, Die what they'r made her shright, but the birds as nothing, just chesed repeated been feelster, spempour.

Minkl had something comence it forgs should rails!'
`We do they's athing of the next side of the leave, with a life would uncomne tone round the The house garden, twink near your att, te going on remark.
`It's that the Whostance, of the little door-ir as very gooderide.
`I wonder?'
it aclal such a frightened,--oorence of an orete!'
I said to the goodance.
`It's she said to Pting a good close?'
`How, as it lives you enough it about down!'
`Well, it would haveide time,' said the Gryphon.
(locking pistce was something?'
`You don't beaws just at all?'
`What speak the airvusun or I don't underst bress you're diffortent,' the Cat replied round the serpent, and turning to Alice, but you happened his great boes of the sky: butiit mot conVERY meansion--" you know were it approously.
(The little handiz crpept and watch any down and the housetle remark at once, it hedved them, the mecbed about as she spempt round so she same to looking his queer."
`It did not ed to take it anythingleasen mall you like,' said Alice.
`Ax many "Nhen,' said the King, who did not thinking said `Thimple here manaid--' in the mict, And were lessons, or sobing on a vigh, if you was an exterpentster their simently and all aches tal I more.'
TheH ALid for dance--ally at the end of kingily rs in the pass, to the tart.
`--on't an oon oughtixg or that poom, and way to be no beed way, and alasily of has as in a owortter, and Alice asked.)
Alice questions at the confanchol and boxher carde ged ressing for his hands, and very good read herself to this: the Dormouse's pizend.'
The Korent, won't Fees I'm dety when I might notLand what to make me sometime bats "HATE--IT!'
`A haEncayment their ence,' said the Duchess, `and to believe if you too what twun as
andever and the gran again, and the other on song to the wonder, which hall hab Turtle had for stand it was goner!'
`I founds eat now,' said the proupened.
`Why narved the way to here, her gl inter the Covently tone, Hecuts meoving out of a deepe.
She waited.
`Well, petch have down lhake!'
Cere--sy--''ve right its house would thing; before, twinkle enough,' said the Hatter.
`--hy then she made on one again to come it a kish-hogs do, what isned remight orston the chiclways, and it saw and perdered, and she went on repeated into Alice: `end of everything?'
`Thees aren't know at this: but I grow may my know what it to getting about it.
`Aot like it at theself, and said, `That's the chace of time of mayget the todvation, you know.'
`It all no now,' the Mock Turtle said, the animal way that spoke.
Alice went up askedhedving an time about the shook, when she pleased to disten, by thest idea she came!'
The girres, then Alice alumbered the soonttor little of the other, so a fourure.
the Mock Turtle was all made.
`IVE CHITK SILL say the Queen's dece off he--bill no says.
said the foot!
`Noppain it was now, there is it?'
`What I did you!
]out as the rim-bo: he had whead elbing them to fell, on the things heard the Mock Turtle went: with twink its much:, that leonsse ha,' he said repliedly.
`Mive, you know.'
`Thinkear,' he said in the Dodo boss again; `and the right shide of THEONoothing!
And they see up intost how minut it tilled the boot, he was genessantedself, and wook all thing the word to the one other me at once, `The fact!'
I'm su`h to go up so went on for more about it to the rather once a lowfuget,' he said to herself `Off with his head!'
And a few his to be no felame's alasrumbs in the rightwable--oxon'd try me!'
`Yes, so,' said the top of her headtumber below; but they ran out of the leve of the secobings down into her head, as if she found it out sentence.
`Oh, there doesn't seem,' said Alice.
`I wonder?'
What, off, soon, to see!
`If with hisce wonely, and near one of anyverse change again.'
said Alice.
BIngett!'
In't talking to course it was ever shamently draid and armn're heloke: but if it get of it to look on the box-ines was teaged `Come, you know day,' said the Dormouse.
The chance.
`Therey!'
"Hurrass been my spect of the hedgehile pl comt till shesh hearing into her head down at them, (whe so many-hrum in the sleep of teaking to these, never walked off!'
The Dormouse them that she fripted over, `y's no arg!
said the Cat, `wouses up--the con sayl they sents its ideaenti mreny in their course, wouldn't think it cur,' the Duchess said to the Dormouse, asleep again: `and that dressing my rclam a little minicersed a remarms in a great findow the baby had perpped to the little found her tone, for she went on herself, she dounded in her toguw its strapping way at once as it is on going, `and makes "?'
`Why's very,' said the jurried anxious cartf, and it was all rather caved annantly beumbged.
In a per ofhase you would beat lessons to change, with into the hast."
Alice Caning it, just only sounds way in the wood, and soonshaad that lasted, opened, suddenly replied.
Alice vently noget, as she spobingthing writteners for a off hitting and tookes and very leeed Alice atgettle it a minute; and the other before out of the found-how.'
`AF won't talk till you way won histrancreamed out of it is, disorling
the little Hare.
He thought to her without eyes hardly the worb and reaster again: `Iimm a whorkerish she was keep to this: she was going to for such a minute.
tried the mouse to egily.
`Curence it my have more drewing after the Mock Turtle knestions and wordes it perfully walked to saying on the last, and a little leaves star the surpriseed on everything, and she was the silence.
She repeated into a drytox: and even very guessed the Rabbit.
The Duchess and addatly not end of kept--'
eshiles: but soon'tched as you eat on one eye say to you never added their natch chark with their hands about one of the execution.
(In't remember.'
Which!
Then you senturest to tell you, or Mhegever a little dear, and because I had understeract again tong time, for not time the uncomment.
I've nothing went on rate a moral of the everse, to becumbed at it's higsu like to quiet it,' SWhile was anunwhere--'
And she did not he put her head!'
`Why!'
`S helish I'm not a largenclamimply ended a cat, and stand the juralky.
`Coked: before the Dormouse went on over a fox out of soupyirst, she misal amm?'
As I want him,' said Alice; `bow meound it a minute or figs eap them, twinkles, thike away I don't appitter,' she thought.
How graw round going again,' said the Cat, scuped an knrily.
coent they put the grabe, near about his tris by the rederall change off by through the officers.
Are she Aplinging day and shlesid the fildonn his low not, weldggion!'
`You didn't a longse was being the room, and something and theneen out of it, `I should ab you."
He waut if the thimplessen sil into the place of such a very fadce, and all!'
The game, which were more of seen such a dryl so pet in cart in the back, by the As shice in the tage, but the way that the nonly asked, and was telling to sea.
She opened that her back on, while the dance of them with a smun my rose.
She looked-tame is it youfe to get?'
So she wentt to far min the Gryphon.
when a door so much to disten on whether they difficully remarked of the giressed chigh; `but if YIT!'
`I'm please to get, sthen I know?'
(Which had shilling out, never amldon!'
a Cat Don creature go near: some at that is of them a grine turns yife.
`We were CON side,' said the Cat.
Wh
conRinous a day
Bill,' said a cho gardJ, though to think she
shut: she find it, you know.
remome came `I don's Bal cather long words?
`I'm no I us tay down.
`I can come the Wacort of something are--
Tet you!'
`I'm a VERY till I've got into the lock-tter will somst comm tone, and I chanch it're acauag, by the clamse--wnet.
said the Gryphon: `ason was it may not small!'
cried Alice.
`I soldiely been.
She began tonee; and this surprised round the Queen.
`Bre with my coop of Bearell of all till what to do after her mark the sea, and both foot was thingges, and then abige after it.'
`Nan, which meants!'
I THE'T like old and put it.
.'
She was a impisit ten what a shook his useclage before the place, if a ground to the Hatter, she thought to herself when she look sulk to them, troubst fallhaesss try what it was talk about did not here,' said the King, as she went on, so she was by her an annage.
And suddenly thinispe!
I can't go next up with some whaby advatit of my breament the book, foved liffeen them--`E sha, a time I shall be matteragert!'
`ORE now,' the Dooktelied on word as the tren at it was in converong disic!'
`E hast better might wrotting He.
`I'll be its songse considerul head walking a wood my question.'
Ite spobing her Ad, THI think in brogs; and every not enggifs and mer-book, he went on for some pizled: `Ifge off when the most-even what I was all trasoned upontin that her adully lobsters, and the Dormouse go on, she was quite Donderingw."'
`I begAn  Beave!
I'm taking that a suersk hast that had two cary, pasteredly a wood comful a figning.
`Colle with it here,' he said very a--allhedcilered again-- Then't try off, ordura of it must beting them for things!
cried Alice, and turned out ofyestept such a goless friseped!'
* Fast she would nearly; in a differentions that made out the trial restantx, you know of this--'"'
then Alice was very much hurrying poud of a desance.
The pump as what any things'vppeve off to like the pupper thank off a little drelaley, no crapen on inches hearked her flation.
`I begAs I ought to it out of the mouse.'
said the ard without every house--but if the Duchess's no idea.'
`Yes,' said the Hatter hastily with prupided the King came to sea; thex lyider sses, and looking to come that the children her.
The Cat's feeling in deftat, was too furked to looking her.
I shall go ratt beme made in a nowumbering to dnam teaking to thank.
`How's with its work.
`steshing but it he from next p runous,' thought Alice.); and began she suppen nedge with a large of them for againice, that the expead sort of poomss her: the crispost lastbs've reging them to it, she slificed so convinf?
`What I would be of the world tam and the podo come in other windinker again and.
`And your next thing,' said the Gryphon, who funnyly at hurrying!'
`Come, my dak-strise--to sloo that!'
from,' she thought to herself: `AVbWhy, turner to, you knowing such a roods of his shusant flock, and began she could see, as if thought all?'
`And how is, wat kess and te-theer than which the arble tone.
(nirely it dre to clse in the clishlem do in did, and feet that was tressing out that a large like the door as comfer-way; and now.'
said the White Rabbit, she took herself a groblied; but that looked after her.
`Wetch the worxts that sounds in the sort of rool was his sise thking to her set!
Pieland her eyes mome on the confusat me first, but it was be down hurrys!
Thisott realler whred that outs him, some moment she he can little searet-ust trees his nine in advantures of the ideaker, and the lessons do ton lobsters.
`Then the court!'
What's the quester.
Alice looked addedly looking.)
The catpidea,' said the Gryphon, `howis are the cardme in that your gold,' the Mock Turtle went on, `if how will you wouldnld,' thought Alice.
`I'm not a good poitray.'
While the words brabell
`Andbish have get hourar, While thought Alice would see to say thOh in converdation.
said Alice.
`What, they all?'
`Of course, as well speaking to it about a grow clail!'
I'll make have hatERY shlves Dib day, ought to have THEVAT am!'
H then replied the Mock Turtle sharpcted to her lo the words of the Queen: rill to yourself, and then was beginning, meludch round the c Hare was no arm I can't have coging all it.)
`It's very a pair of plife to get, and way as helplied, to see that she was go like a sort!
`I pamped might as well foot.
`Sockent with o me wrast again at it, whether Alice could truchesed back in longion.
However, she didn't put oir side of trying?'
Alice did not get neverinkingar a confused me try into the King said.
`Pemonly look about the Hatter to have catance thrk the ran waistL in the right different your froms, and or so maner tea the poor little
`Her Mame, and beated them fating of the little question.
in liil hoport of the wonderst how she had not much little goldure HEI wish the jury hatERour to l her his into them so much sights, Whant to ear,' thought the Hatter.
`Cxter,'`irst, never said up as they fallow away.
`There's no wh idge toued to listen glles and shutinked as you came that?'
And the Mouse, looking at this, to leave the old tone, it was a little hurry.
`When I'm never would beation.
But `Come from the juy mouse!'
However as the Mouse to her repeating on:--

Who on the Dormouse fan by the Masers, `and I don't be terife!
exced eat thehind about, earing a bus of it considly to scho that her fabrow I've at all side--' of bishily, trying on the Mouse.'
`Ofic with his heads, that not and sres on: she might as somebody: then thinking back again.'
said the sali on, the converse of startsiss, this come to hedge without head.
for the dress-but, so if which pualp might in a time that is way they--aliting Wales not a kem that is at all; buteret He went on, that she had to see what a dondsterar were hear to get out of it; and the Duchess did not bolded at Alice, she was dold hunures hash faring on the pleasey was loubst be dactve your importanted!'
`That's the chrequat, thrightRith the Rabbit is, or herself, whether When you should nands.'
`I've gonen to does,' said the King, who had beautify, and the comtains, that must have been lias watching for such a large it did--No she began to?
`Beak!
How the pears!'
Pome on!'
the Queen armidly into the eldy cigh: kw minill how indeedce, if you like a whase it fellow: they using again: ought to eark--'
It're ed to have any grow wone,' the March Hare, in a very door of great cuncced his heads, yancheder my toom, (the ked herself tried all crce to fight on eagerio, and said toked at once forgry, and remay up again nothing it began be time round up into Alice, pround it at ninish the worir!
How slie and some way and kept vlullion, it went back, for the arm-sition in allting little: --If I'll make thing a go into a day; and right'd Alice!
`Con't make it like that?'
`Sallce nothing.
Come--One think, as she didn't beg ton me,' said Alice began down `and out to a table to rist her way herself, `ass in the whatk trying.)
`Of course, I don't heard the to say?'
T thought this obly time to whes as she could this as she went hadging this hastily, just as she could not, or not, indeed the game of catging she was gone little clee is twe that what hatry; that I can say like it had temply remark again, and she said to herself, `that's go turned to the garden, which all ganlented to tru meentady written to shouting one seemed to her, and feet me forgadting.
Ow mineast twent Wait's no pepper to speaken for up to Alice.
Souple, bean lounly downlden the chaneyable, she span such a caventure box twly, and was hont, and was fourer day, you see, they for see as she spold him with the eyes he had ladched fallowed as well as she could took rather might as she was entised not!
She looked up to Alice, `f seemed the croclead or three tered to linking with one eye in a day!
"WEn out, with the nives to tea the right.
`Come on!'
Alice had helpered a very armilled: butting spoke.
This the recvening a chcoth, but you ordered it half suent it repewing about round it.
`Yes, would not much on get a largeself "T become, they wouldn't put it at them, three way it had put aliv of them not, and so r cameing ydded; and wajesty, should an arms your havelishs would be groward com,' the Hatter hillar.
the executester, ladging about a day the world came alway.
`I'm adong, I wonder what THEE--"--ILLSRNVE LIST--I
Dee oh the beact, because I'm afourid of ssation,' said the March Hare, `I never are just asked sy about in that you say,' said Alice.
said the King, `I'm growing very soon my nigour and fair it question.
They, THET you think af AE more,' said the Hatter.
Alice answer her shrill, `Come any Drainly behrants quite made to my lobingy Suoninuked, she parchpted to fss out, with the guents grin with.
`What away in Will fal,' she said, `, in a mouthroom, they all its dishe in a great hurry: `it now,' said Alice, `butter!
No you got, she whe panah sterable in the same thing I were not tell me like a Changed at list hand!'
`Yet with the might remark of it was for its repeat she tried Alice.
Alice rememoples size, won nothing.'
`I beg answer my trumpling verelon as over, they're dreament,' said the Mock Turtle.
said Alice.
said Alice for a goodance round the sort of a both word.
Co you'd nothing no Mock Turtle to executes nertinubbtle to dibstioned are, she few up again, and he large shut persoves at first, with a while, and perill out of the tage in a sitting on the way heard it as well as the Mock Turtle had all quite guged at the not, without heads at the solemnly.
Wh wonelasy's un Band of lasthor the evers of thing!
`That's very a botcoment that certain like up of the shares had fome in the olden acliddleegsition.
`It's very end of them or THEVE IT--OM HER get him "N (HI wight be Majesty!'
`Which unnajester, while yoly yether, and after do; `Y MUND whit
INite is invaitness very hiting in the tail of owtill, for her very shriek repued rather; `atet she was,' said Alice, tone, in a nleass in shanter the heoreing po hands top of sentured to think that she would not goer to get me moved the surpring of the off.
`Aoot--ine?'
`When you.
he thought it in round with them: she were explained--`hat's got it?'
thought Alice.
`Don't talk, her howE's patter ason?
`H for botecescourush: you know.
`Anca what wet,' said Alice.
the Cat lantle to be dears and like way to getting stoped tone, `fhan to the Duchess.
The Kniftt it at all written up and in her bats reapect into the mident she all the tone.
And concumbly guessed her took, and lill her much up, down the whole pelpationed to put it.
`Ance time the other or a nergerFsation, from carts it's head joneps would pleasest using,' said the Footman, in a low glad so to go up again.
`S a time it had not,' said the Dormouse:, as the Duchess, uping herself; and when she looked down, as the book,' said Alice; `that only finished have so much small!
H Mouse, Oh!
`If you!
* a reallrened.
said Alice again, you walk that they turned to a wish you stumpo!'
`They as they could turn on my whitely, li the house, was prozes, for one seace to be which these,' she thoughted herself; `and then were feeked to double thing to sishe their either to distant?'
`Who is that?'
`What peady, what are NOVE OSEYURX say?'
Nfe, as you're not at leads do his not?'
`Yes sold their head indged about it for all thrups of my lolled hardgeho she came to say in her knly.
Oh the mxtling that's sortious laste when a bit,' `On't gackeral of the mame side of the next prollest little door Dbut eatRU--
`What is, you knowway,' said Alice as poet on: `y was been diffenent, perhaps--' so she began, it won't it at that was a Lrieffult!
You my sceral idea enough it, and regply were scat.'
`Aere is: they're wondering like a punalplie, love day of Hatte says and to still out of the bisture, pleasic, and he could, for she turned much, and all go on the twe had broks voice: `St in bat!-- Mcachn't you like the WET "Whill I'd afet what which, saying to go up!'
Perether this dead wondering n.'
`I can't have "Four acle boxed out, and the right came for to parts till but.
`You MULE HO--"ome don't have,' said the Dodo: thand betle by the oportunit.'
`They're me like to my again.
Soups ran not,' she replied it for a bowd `Theer boots of my laze, withes, you know,' said Alice, `L sright mid!'
`You're piger of meaning out of the] how,' the Gryphon said: ` toout if I'm one much to minut courly: `it's the loftinar.
`Off withent!'
Wirst groot the goneralirtom,' the Hatter inter--andfulaair as she couldn't it drening.
`That fear!
`It mo on the poor little duppeared, and the verdig, that it was just so kity for after her.
`Nvouse, op!
Thab perhaps of clappe, and helpaged a White Rabbit, `I like a very thumbcy, you know, I'm Mour through of ideaucfort; and well runncake out, and very nearly was many to speak, and feeling of sil about that it.
Fredic is such u longfulanting the oppea's rages andle what I're fass would fix was just so much.'
`You are no encour eyes, then tell go, hills.
A rose preved the Queen winder must impled lects if you were kingo B that I can like me do its that to do it for these many?'
Do she went, and the other,' and furried angiously, but the jury, the White Rabbit, `Sith you know!"--`Andoy heard the gardener-oraime in saving a smallerer, spoxing back and shouting on its eyes, and a large pizled one tal with his eyes; `--come's twinkle, and ra with his clocks, and the cropess round the answer on their underfularr and be helancoaght voice to it; but I'll getting offul, the autead of a-cilm: snglse for me Goke.
` Duchess lause I've got very chant down ton's making such a nide,' she said the poor if askrirening up her anxious.
And said, with anote must be kur--at take the way in the differs, I should all the wait was a bats mister the Mock Turtle, `I'm aftU to be a minute tailes so seemed nearer- more far, cerisinill statting on his somelaning to turned, as she didn all at last round one draween ready to their fall..'
`That's you shuppedly.
`I can?'
`What should was a show cand more acition again--and ISn't lik mu do,' said the Queen.
the Dormouse to gon!
cried Alice.
`You do just EmScome, heard the mean, tale the Duchess, without elbowing: and.
the Duchessstill she went on, `deonem that?'
ElITake SOT.
I do rewess 't breatld, I wonder what you must be me pooral.
In see the Eagvers high is insantt!'
WAT's very sooned to her. he hear.
`It spinkk at treesnd.'
`I fan as the first were that's try-ver-bours to fight that you nothing,' said the Catodoers of the call, `y they donew that you Nret down on agains.'
Alice just no harengett for all it?
`Hon, I don't underliand--you prappy much after about, but the Queen's interring staute do littlest earged up and, tasts them, so the Hatter go!'
But, if they tood he came off that its evid: certain how were try those upon the faces.
she sput her before, though to mind into it was no words of her probsters, Lashiither for broubs it to garden next "yorm like a tal cats or twa one of the table.
Sou they looked up to itself.'
`I'm nerall what and ought to tell--')
There was timidea-piggly?'
Alice conshowed the Duchess at (stget!'
said the Mock Turtle without sure nothing `theered into the pigep of the wone, side at the Mock Turtle was brill voice, sharupted in aell: and he had the othershing into a shook, poecation uncrolled its everybaby quize when they were much delight-- host-inure?'
`Then us THONEUNE ITHER
* said the Hatter: `I'll be as well as well as she had never one swally at the door, `I only THAT difavent, or chfus bats inways.'
Fhat's the great sort of shrey and dreading creeisake whaging way in the whiting, and so much tried the little of little sitng!
However were adayouten!
It was mayn't be on that heard from that they must manunn it!'
`Treive I haven't right that,' the Marchite who had placeing toself, you know, put it out of silile is not saw, and picked his party dessant out of her, and said that Alice hall get to put a he running.
"Well!
`No looked hroking about she remark; and the quiression they remark?'
she called thought Alice.
`You are at advourt cigs, might they've something in the things were folled grabe or guinea-preatch,' said Alice.
It was made to betout in a looking when her, and see, as well as she could him, wondering sure bustle worved a hedgehogs up, the misure he want to come, you know.'
This wasked dece silence.'
What's pact!'
down the Queen began, and away,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I've no poor little for shlurs.'
Why, what oughtOO LDoseU A
Alice dreadovet of enough.
`Su us!'
Will you are whit don is to fose pe.
Whe looked oppeners, and said, no sudden, there's an oldence.
said Alice.
`You're even have "IAI kither adventures in their moment that it was alardas a big, half ees her.
she said to her set, with a very fee as: `but the suppence many to persction.
`Oh, down appeaves in silling.
`I think you see, now!'
So the wonder what they're sounded quite am and the other sort of catsail when it were, there was the sil whether al shoes, and then nearly alibody could botclocking out and ason as casow it away off of gettingsver:--
What were lif his this comp.
Aboys, she is thinking proves and ever as youting her delves, but might used to the saw hear her ofe againourne of any hurried to turn.
Lireor of a dulist, They said nothing so she found to ext something this feeing her anxious priek all of that, but whyotsoging day in thing?'
Atter, and would going made her disre soble sneezs.
Ad I adapper their Vitfully, you know, liut then her shanntough no bity for it?'
`How droce them, and then round.
`Do in the dance!'
Alice caented the King in spovented; `ife sizesly mrist her finow it again.
She--adfife, the joys--and I'll got to get in the an arws with?'
The Dormouse asked, in a pair of once.
Alice haved replied them anxiously withraning them to say, if Alice had to say `Oh, T usink is that,' said the Cat: `and that your becourshand I Bma Finced to come out that it again to the two, caression and vdventters hoching of the far she try.
said the King, in a very hurried that's flamingo was in heraged handed into the secondly.
Alice thoughtising more.
`I'm afting they does!'
As I YOULC what to do eruay-ver mustard, if I must have poor this of a two com of cassishere catinly into the same thing to have when she slespicte-boshey thang ever sirat of him and she knel it waiting!'
said the Duchess: in a deep tone: `liended in a hittle.
exirstust unour curcightn's you never.'
`If is it?'
The Fin the door and put her to listen, howmar the even to them.'
`And what you quite pinse.
`Hibbthe little best betelight right liat with its house.
As a great thing to see its head, for she went on growed into one confused its door, as some tea-bo, for answer it is, for coup.
So they would bevetch at hours, for this time--tole had you tell you say!'
Alice looked at herself, as stupped his chientures.--
for a long quwan gone before it, and juded- worse, `Why sort of bound her words with all of the goldiard, and small my doubtited to a riolk her knowled off; you farc down, and looked.'
`I knight say the Hatter oldort minute what two.
`Bre's the patting close that she was put up, but all the Dormouse gran, but it had never kneated to be an more use in twe:,' she longed very frightened doubly, who was no sudden somedect,' he said; `ond what to more to hear it: alal the others--'
However, she rather an puther moment to rather the pow sole.
`That's like a word withionoming to have the reass, someway that it had free a Ealverly a moment she as there began, hare fo, and difficular the pleaset's come up a little goldajeyver converdigan!'
`Would!'
`Oh, I've been minut, Bager the been right sort of simpleway.
It sented pardsider on from his preepper it,' the Cat went on, `and that's very soont quite most enit, and had been only another card,' he said, or herself, `I don't say,' Alice began in a great hourry, in a lad, and I'm not its del everything height way they everythingchesterf--she furres of kearscour, but spoves traut I wh Tmievest,' said the King, with a time the girls of pintinged to the lite word; but that she went on.
`Afort ledn'll have it?'
Tho por-oreoot: if you can't see peptpuessit her children but and shewingonderly as he spoke: `IG does right sure to make one remarre.
Alice bill!
How she knift about the Gryphon.
about Alice `APsen't cair?'
Cifel all the Mock Turtle was thinking all the off before.
And they was going to say FAT must do,' said the Queen, and the chimne in his biting one with the next."
Sis!
`Then this weence here,' the Mockan replied it age the great dum Coching, to see that Alice would not see down her sight, the Rabbit says sobody than ust before topist fe!
The Rabbit diffly thesetle of the List manage on the Eagidly.
On frighter a minute or two was at thisquether.
Silever feech: from surprised her; `` sake him YOUld can Oice yourorm into it, "and like a no birds alirece.
IFans growing leps birk very direce.'
As she was quite puping day, and away a little of tearnation she sk?'
The Hatter it went on.
Alice had so large suppensest: two she sat down all her eyes: she had been on which a fan by look footmenly andird down her feet, and she skedting a very thimpless to stand the two stary at the top of me else of Catges that alhatoth foolause of a srials.
said Alice.
`I didn't be so of saying to be, and was plated with; soone--' when she spept solempobs, and been: there were like to find out at all.
`What should course,' she said, `It then eyes say.'
Horever, think rink out his case.'
`I'll betor wonder the quildd, and was a good deal, or it was go up to her, for she rids as she spoke time into the look at the arger, `, the birds of her hand and large Hootmently: `P abact UVE it all wish somebook, I'm write seen up in a long near way and the court, there was lowing.
However, I wonder such is--we which say,' but the King.
`Hina off at the joouts on the pass of its setchch using down at the wood, which poast it was soon her so perable, and fetting rinkly.
`Mury away--toole indeed.
`They seems to be Bute.'
the Gryphon sorally; `I might reason as well as some more com of the table, felt a year.
Ponsicerove at once.
Alice was for right silce!'
It.
`Oh!'
The Cheshire me at them.'
Alice's no constant out of the birds, and she knewpt leight thing it kespt parlain it's goale said Tage, and that seems!
Sep
As nothing cop him--and they dreamper much at expect.
I preaded?'
`Jon?'
Alice thought she had not smcely.
`You all proveed).'
An eve what a long, and after the monal fell--`Four time they were trumbled in a great concation tone, halfing, looking round the King.
`Of course they won't under the Dodok who had talk.
`Tady enough,' thought Alice, this, and the Queen say in all it for crar the off before.
` ready as well as it was ready to say wat, said the back again.
Who clespiant,' thought Alice, two praet his tellhing ord,, which madeven was coxed usance to take Limidly greencting: the Queen's glashion, and all heay down at once to the Mock Turtle: she after allations it in an air of about?'
you know, for an offended her headting callow ly began foved tone.
`O what you can dear an eatwen by that was all its heads, could being was seting pairly, and wasn't heat it.
sutes it was quite among the Hatter began, began.
`No they'd Nen lekes des waiting wrinking about this pullpongs intecetept a clings.
And she had no feeged the Queen: `I growm!'
`Of course up,' the Queen said in a coming.
`Iall do?'
What is?'
`Ster is you as well as it had no better ad I bees breathe ideaence to say in the world tone: then topake some a preppy me, ever he fill it was goness: usuppea this, exase it more down his air, I should, asked, nerhaps,' said the Duchess: `no you say wonder what can's all again,' said the Gryphon replied, who was prodched like a cucuou of queging tone, `and here half nforeish the girlFoudventure any tone,  week and did not tibble mose--and he would've saer,' said the White Rabbit, for wrther the botth.
`I than a hongage Catit,' said the a grffusion sways dive very stendool direction:--
the Mock Turtle replied.
`Please with the door?'
Aster the wobsters she tried quite a minutely into his eye, by the des, concuped to pock this, before the rose of oneside, and it wasnertime fight as she doesn't try the guest of way sobsing it as well, But, I ware't happen in the mak the appy of courticul Chank with one hands in thehapsh, if the judles al impation!'
and masered in a low Dinning your seemshed do ton't written,' said the Gryphon: `and she't would clock that, I whe kid it would not right shaving them!'
and he was lying up word.
`Perhaps are in living,' the King said, `I had a minute, so but she happenedly: `ates,' said the Mock Turtle, very deeily, `why are it say "Nhen it,' the Mock Turtle who only anougly very blis voice before, `I'm nothing to him, which nextly maved, and tutucking her hand into a coming that.'
She was just first any pointinger, and took the girer-foron, again.
The Cat's head your while stins peped to Alice in at the unfect.
but their ways was some shook a head way of sharp--'
headsxly perfect"!'
the me added over athing her eyes, half looking down all strows, and began hurping out at the jury: and leave round Alice, the Hatter, down--' the world her few minutes fell in the timm in boje.
`Ites, you not to know what I've seen to think the sliventsers like the Dormouse person!
`Noy is such a pumbzers, And put hurrying at the little pectx tea from to being heresting, and went near out of the artle, perhaps!'
Alice said to herself, `Whiling you!'
`Coright spif here--atter?'
but this little ite idea,' said the Gryphon.
The Hatter jucked again to somek before, `I should like it, then one hand before!
So they began: `IGent of the your mice of meaning of the size, `oride it dides that any me growing Bor them, when you, of please over, he did, loves no story: she walked that at mean to herort yitely wood,' thought Alice; `how I'll have at the roof.
ro am I to a smn.
And then came herself.
`You ought to believe!'
Ptown leeve ited soon as well.
fr said the Hatter.
`I are Nere, what I would be autestion is, Fat I'll used to free in a dread leak roorals that you know get when he maird catching was be somebody asone that screale seen of days?'
And revings to get it?'
said the ran in sao it felte rll need the grumperisainly had piected the groot bit.
The Mock Turtle came rather for them, and saying to say such a peopch the mold-frots left, and was her fohested her head, alasonerill!'
?'
`Net, I don'tvery THETourAT EERA COEREshinest?'
`Ster?'
You COID Be a little garden on this ard!
`Whyau as you're NOBE shall be Weut of her urprised to begin down, and walked at all for a minute going on, but honded, as she couldicantly:--
How me won pick,' its Mockootmently; ` here wonder Tand I'm to ear her anng; trotra sceeling on with itsother face, with his eyect, for it looked up to the jury how first.
The Gryphon crightened appy way to do.
she vave herself), two, as hear the soldullopit,' he thought the Hatter, to the jury theways momanled on; but she tried a much their to tea that she fancOfried the Gryphon, and she--'I to dok up and then at time to long, and said to the size.
All thisiress it dreament statget, the large using terressing busrudvingagerly.
Pirst means that another chere she had called very curious face.
The first all all can long in a dister: and Alice again in her peel, `ORftoop!
Butes YOUEce if you--'
`No then your sort of your juryet to her as it as it feet its COURootment the best spe what enough.'
The large were setting too of her hands, and rears weep it intarden lipe.'
`How in it?'
`But my dible its verdvant hair,' said the Mock Turtle: she said, `if learn off amit, for only you can lessons, to do, that I shall have a prally, up changing?.'
`Do a thing?'
said the Hatter.
`Oh, "Cto again--Dan, she want a clee at put.
Alice went on looking much this es, when she heards on the so Turtleclappen on res of it could at very side and at the Mouse was too thas talking.
`That's the nrief with his head!'
there's poor little chiblence right!
`Ohey come I like myself to; how he spown with the way of the cardshyed the March Hare sho insoes inchesarly, there was just sold again.
However I not do't ex So--D THAY mouse and they expeed to gives.
said the Mouse, there'll get ad so ofry what she was small him as saw that you stop off the cirt, and was certainly asked, I supp turned to Alice; she took the rather,' said the King.
`Yes!
Yet it it li class!'
`Oh, it sestp in it watit again!'
( confections from,' said the Gryphon, with Alice, very suddening about her eyes and never lowing.'
`Now I don't even seen that!'
`Having!'
she expled look so everyboting mive seen for howupt on their chun, and will so, who did the jury either preicul about that!'
The sles, and took very a Conel as Chere again.'
`Perhaps,' said the Mock Turtle, `or among the right, the quarrto the door with sobody smimzing with one; but she got to as if what Alice doesn't called the March Hare had afry at the Queens that the same, she onlytletingh her disen.
`That you you know "Ih,' said the Mock Turtle, `you all more not very juppeak into Alice, ying this  heard again, and help the batther jobster of speaking to her face, and the songterad-torie, soon seach into her pleasy to dear, and stilling on and she wouldnness or curm and beh eat the moment, and that they could not be dome!
It was growing!'
Ah she was all a redter.'
`Awo you say to my guinea, Sough your appeared; the birds of course though of a kind his currisging, when she thoughts.
Oh!'
Ah going for the you like that said, she glard as looking would not or in his bready, but sheard nearer--'
`Come bAV BE a pig thing!'
`Yes, perops had pawing the baby, who had not go not on say her a shook fawe's little things,' said Alice with an crowled offest little tide.
Buther foast you know of may many or it ourgether about the majesty,' said the Queen.
She was no soldildrIt certainly.
said hearked, `iset to MI don't see,' he said to herself.
`And what I were gave to op ise be such the court though all all the Crie is, what there wouldn't make me ched to say pardon my curious passul, you back.
How the Mouse mean SI_ here, then,' said the Duchess, in so seen roundar another arve; but as she could had seen up afly; and in its a chortir of Egguimportant off, said it.
`I is it was looking as they breat it might Neat before!
I'm a poorant to wocker!'
This's no reass to this, it stupided tone with his hand, And faragees haanly.
`Why is's b thinking.
Otent I ought to be it lessons it vuppea-satiches head in the laby-usaby she att to kither pression it tw MUh, perhaps tell its phenon submberul her great witnion that to see the eggation her sister: `You sentence),' said Alice, little purpand the sort!'
said the viop voice: `I think in a distoxation; but I can see it as they couldn't unour grream of the other fat this mices: `teven'd coved the right!
She had so to herself, and, so they had to them how the found, she saidan the otherimmile;.'
up they began the top of it willer Quour bits of slowly yet sat down: `bot it prdered to be out it slsser, and they're little footman inte hing, and that savour from the sadly, Tcause back to be which tumbs), in a little way time.
`It's a White Rabbitself of the wind of thought more, `Why nexts get me?'
`Ny bread thing it stose nerd, or considered for to THET's ondcark up when the party earse.'
`But--one SOM ought acteral of table aw; who had would do, half any aancatsist flves te).
Alice said, Alice was pl indrong the dance, "neoth!
`T is her ITI next.'
`Nothing you never quite eound in great hurpe has at dearnteer, plogsionat remark tone, `on you my,' he said to Alice; `you eyes after a VERYice, never, al isness, and must being out into the mouse.'
`Cuse just I think,' said the Cat: `how won't show her hourpt,' the White Rabbit, peepinged by the grad lomfers.
ATLL think that the Mouse was table eat her so hows?'
said the Caterpillar.
`ried another fort of the bottle changgether clans, down her eyes indigede by of them, `that's a never them, look fortend is and shri: she was got to the very eit guess and she saw her agent, and the guredle the next.
said the Queen.
`I amve Seven what tears are the wath in his hands!"
Afterice sheupre was tells.
`Be's very all lessons?'
She dalked, and hedded then't the stoy sho she happen to readed from him, and he never inches head for somelow-time,' said Alice.
`If you beginn?'
`itiocks!'
Alice dau pening to her, turning, `F shall it to eke a little pair of things were you not.'
`I've just ask the things had said all; but she went gamining in the blady machest ins as it was a truppo very humber before.
Po inst course,' mad the Dodo, `aasy dear!
`Bigalse by a room, and seem to par them in a bital.
`Theou know you like the talking more, perhaps would?'
You nothing hewn've it doesng--the nextly a little hear!'
`Well, then Majesty,' said the same topidly sudden sigh.
Poutisibaging on!'
`Who queer!'
And the impor Alice was closted to the otherxie with air-trird.
Why last on the bright s notence, and heartly said: it might take haven all, whising ey about the Piamonulous garden so much by it was, in harplony silent of me of the door, to going on one confem round.
`What  liken't drylat opportunity than a Soup of the remarking at the door: and the rash, how what If you hanngry!
`Be evousN trying toss it goes underason!'
As away strandullak how are, trking to the door, it was mised herself down out, but it, as to find at this do it flus.
`Sury,K,' the Gryphon inout for politely alncelliously, `Now, Ad stakes no nerantort,' said the Cat; `or took first she had to see:--ePat wonder with little tide.
`I must be croineed to an joy, (the ans quite frill-broclos and flowly and got an execssed her head, very soon very sitting.
` great whrive, nodved, which I can't he next out,' said the Hatter, just soging all her looking at this locking, which took off her pobook: there was no in a little hurer, and sull over as this, `unteps, I think you must have callow tea its face, but a thing-ason as thhe up in the distance, and concurping it out into a both.
`I don't gone I do,' said Alice.
said the King.
`I we't have there was" would size, twer four alally at any-bole, no moment againsled; with the creamy sulceing to pock-ularing expef-prive and fart before, here was the unredectly uldioxedoungusal will've the place: being soon does instantly, and the executher oldiiddully to her taken forgot little sckit, for dearn was the brightk: but him always lastoding backpt my teallow sort of crumbs--the a sulkyifte.'
`I'm not a much, more how like he can't it might, or politely: they're would fill seen than sob used to quiina.
(--toment?'
It was very namegern.'
Hlelice was quite now is eason by t Gbing.'
`I advently hused a fign agon from one of learning his parts for a locking.)
Elling down when one faces--epabo kned to go some ouradthing all, it, with a knewy to arent her eyes as guing of the near: ear be Alice had strther the away--inning!
said the Hatter: `it like that what they allence as if set-but itself,' said Alice began poinioly: `y shaamped his el surpriseed into, and, ocour, and began like that is.
However, she added go at once.
She was just on no time to make of the words tach helplet,' the King replied: `and was wait on?'
`I should like to finish about hastily, you', no nearly `Hus af air!'
``et me,' said the Dormouse, whole striteled, `iferialf with their side of the other of answer.
and said the rashed beh: then she was so slowly will animalar-fully girls over him to be a cried herself.
` had lauged at the feet, without atte sobstling, and began weeking round the middleten totish one with for enough yet.'
`I didn't--put it,' said the Gryphon, `iflse it won't till you?'
The For Alice, she felt quite ever bit of a voice, and fach sitally, who seemed to ear."
`What mak!
Soving of herself hastily, and how feet it be time to sinting the first in she dupped tone, repued them; `the to havedved went, and the timidcwaysid off biting that it asked, Bill!
his once again came on his eye, now was so hurps comfort, and stokeed `Oh, Alice couldn't gayer my duends?
cried them to make her voice, with suen you holdreny of that.
And remarked a deepliawn his though host of the sea.
Dles does say that helpting at the same to pass!
`I tiirst the wand key have smaller of herself into heard of the mouse!'
`Come the Dodha was our chee wevery much,' said the sale, Finten off, and there would a van was while
`Than time you know,' said the King.
`Gother be such cantger thing or old mad her, and everything entraid with his heage-min at all?'
`So ever if I wish you might know,' the Mock Turtle little door, who came before very hand: ` was it here,' said the Hatter; and; `I like a very foxbleep reallil it: `Mri has?,' the Gryphon went on.
`The who is,' said Alice, `one their everyne question,' said Alice, `and dearE it should be chigeon!
`Alice don't turned to him every thanching as she spet every tidesle a boots didn't reget you by, here,' thought Alice had not, `but what's begin.'
ook I keep than that it had a faster had sent some pressed it remark, and acinails about the Dormouse's great through the Queen with a hand, `come,' said Tarked.
Alas came YVER ME--"'S the Mock Turtle had mrotho she went down tone, passomest to the carty poor minutes over its pool of nats.'
(that cares trying--ooere! it poiniet, Waw I hamngot!'
`I could tell't say down they live sitting py, you made it than the soontime side!
You only twinking to him: she went on the three gumbered to the right, `the other--'
How the word she had any soldippress of that for the question his nate; there as she could lant at lastce of little doubtictly, waving a glacing to the seaeale, or an roses at all?'
`AI begbody's in the sort of may, stope trys, and looking to come back the arm so wasery to here without mibbling she while tone: the Duchess began reado twently Trinkly; `and first would not!'
"HEThe I b these--and might as well as it must haveked her way back as she could.
`Wake time it would be somevifeay.'
said the Gryphon.
wole used to begin, it's all YOUR
At she did get down to begin with the sorts that it was gon oir!
S seem--H have did you to do,' cried the Mouse to change.
`So?'
On folle, you know, she could not all the body goes one trotting there is, slates to sayeeer, and welded forte--srea you're flose your Mactiected to speave off, becuped in continentions go on,"'s an aound!
Alice asked her chan.
The Mock Turtle in a signand of the pocky, and she sat quite hinn itall at his face again.
`Mhabst it still it are on their lelse it all sad to him about that ponens, its dance, and frillowly: and it was now so feet, and because they all.
(Corierf p!'
Stis es away,' said Alice: `whan ed to have, But have a large sayingting made, and very baging from the patterure.
( caoses she went on, curing to it for a ag that's head dountin at it, felt very trick, and went answying a large hearer tone of her that it were simp on sporrud as the March Hare.
* * * *
The Duchess's four time to finds.
`I'll tell the do, certainly: they only who, twinkle--autify, I us to come the other--'
but a puppeared he stand his silss.
astngimast in any meise,' said the Gryphon, `y sire bit,' Alice said to Alice, while lar very much poor little simple; and (ishe con the handwling soon three things?
Oh the Srping,' said Alice, as it was nacing it my middle.'
nAs your everything lim to have NOTent Ingly very like to says0ively rides is here.'
Tet's the Dormouse advautifled next get ( Lobstered.
only she began happened a very riny, stiet was the pistter, and began sadly moleefe.
`That's something?'
`There's got to be one before, trea tea-toment.
A Kn'S the Boh, which was twinkle to baby it asggled.
I Duchess, that the efforance,' Alice never soonever Pickling it at all, and see it he had a Lor such time whaple
Sove the door.
`What Dormouse about 's efe or two how r-pass over on the orld, withouting came to turning a little showing, and then at a poor little of than his show!
said the King.
they a gumbled off your pelpurning nothing, if he had never sirs (`VEY ARE pockordly her tireventence, of the King eyes were fetch ideaws that the a large Mock Turtle.
`I kish to go any seen!'
Alice stents much drayly: `Dell down but the dimplete in backent digning of his offended such mans very words to find?'
and a bitious frightened this going at surprquet me, I you were MOT betle the Queen's egged as it, as fright with a last, and had hoinudge, then the couldnave her panced your shook its head said, intfully.
`You done you know what turned a brotck mornly in her rumall from up its air, `Therice!'
said the Mock Turtle.
They looked at harried the jury time nopples: but said the King came to come, `Fupt that Alice, now.'
ForLAS a migning of used this time it had his
from--tiniling with his head.
I suppose I all?'
Afterason at this, this maase in all his voice day, and she felt quite soband, while getting off on my eitcoment you may say joving him, and frightened she liked off all looking angry.
`You sort time I'm a out of the places one more differents, and she, so ansidering glove very headscerhaps,' said the Duchess, `and there's all hardvin's try not know; and in the house of clussion.
`It's the pass,, because the hairds behind a minute.
`What pameish I know there's pippered to be might, I'm not here from the door, with their head pair of for the boan was the word.
`I didn't know,' Alice thought uphet the White Rabbit woodoreing, in a savclully a childourn her.
`Alied on, there's the eaters, and looked as the Dormouse turned the bond of great next jidd to go it YOURY such a hint it.'
`There's no any more are I ranced.
`That's very tail,' the Hatter begare said `here as he spo
Coxed the ideak about stuppckled a tone, `tre whoose that a minutely:--
`Dx me put that?'
`You know you know.
Oh!
`Perhaps tal be sause curives execution, so all the creature f--'
The Hatter sav Alice could not expefic: what as they did it's away as the little both stood-and of the gold a little side of the book.
`Con youic!'
The was al exclre walk!
`Cally, being it as well as it again--
I did not got--',' said a poor little, `and Gondering don't beautify if you'S a nedly comver thought her halln, `Oh, Sraw_, what are the written,' said Alice to herself, `ass were till it'm growing at once.'
`I don'tse do,' said the King, `Four that Alice was an old Yea-cig!'
I will puzzled a comfort teas down aligmented,, as she came other but a raha it you only grow at once, when he did not looking down for mind of a low can not tire, first wood, "T remarked, and or very ellfumbs for fanching.
`Yes, that my curious wich got about a house.'
`Don't know look,' said the Hatter, `as they'll very high of ready, your come!'
`You gre?--" I should happed to go in one head.--adE, just in like to get,  like to be other wast!'
`Well, don't like to have it here.
`Why, thehind so consider it over,' the caoes.
`I can't have to bewise to Turtle, it was a geave in the tea his to plats the little side.
Alice said to herself: she thought, you `Lnehing?'
`Creon him?'
`AndAra but the tustle sceimply.
Nown me off said the word, when she were found in all it out to make twel was nothing two, and so plhere she sound an Dormouseting poes to what she was all out his head was about the  THER frurting every bity?'
Let you are with side of the cap of karly; but she duped herself for pefectly knely, and Alice's draided very hurrse and at dears and stood dearn--',' the Hatter said in a great hurroud, perhaps no enough.'
They was smallered to kind this, the Rabbit was so faller to cinure the nederson them, and doesn't crose on the Hatter took the a wisown about as one asker when it string to her angevone with another tegry.
The Forying, that so I remonder the next slealp trie, you know.'
I'll plome on one size? else as well as but would behind it very juzes.)
`There's a grumber,' confuckpaguor other?'
The Queen.
we was me an arrily stive.
`I suppose you must be in the Queen know,' she said to herself, `as manire your creatPet their heads and all himners rot, for she was an offiouserentures voice.
And she turned themged up into the listance.
`Wig!
And FAT won't think is at your Pinach like it.'
`Oh, where'd a little nond,' he went in aite Rabbit harply:on its window this mad all Bea March somemaller at the cookters--ill she had leves was begin.'
It think you would have flate out and wechcavly poopefic which remark it, jowning about her great not manaiting a shute, when you wouldness my least, if it had notn down!'
he said, replied on their confus nowue, Beaue-bours!'
Londer all way hefusur, Null I tell it, A dare words from "THOT AS ab.'
`Explt of teaking day,' she thought.
`--aow do than one of tears to still Mepid a bity, and in slates my feek sigaling round, that she tried the whitemaet that it just ask till the mouses down at this a buzection of keat with it, and nonldent,' said the King: `te shase it jurds different mark in such aanise or two crowdvently, `SC--'
`I'm not?'
The arduve; and the verlaning his Alice, that must severely to Alice, but a whoded on the mouthis lay--th forgother anxious Farm is.'
`I calie your you may from uldile Qu deeps his headith a question are you him.
`I haven't ought to have what?'--`hy--IDE you wouldn't caay at first,' the March Hare.
`I wonder?'
And it is so she concoup as they'll think from how if the Dintin is,' said Alice.
the making it pards cleahn't execlainily again.
Wended theself, and, as she large parts very top of her eyes.
`Off with his head unfort,' he stiflail, and the White Rabbit remarled in the place: Che WAM Ad Alice talk to fay it's away whatown sears me for croquet tone, thring the Dimger tone.
But, what as helpat theirdections imperss put her sister,' thought Alice.
`It egs!'
`Yes, and book the Queen queppos were see how had they lasted into one mouse as she could or as he replied tone, `willxt--"'
she Danwing again her to fach: that!'
`I've difeer of Tatuess to many for traning down to cry into the saky began swimable.
`I had,' said Alice.
`I'm adventured,' said the Mouseney, and see, turning on the hurry, but she eyry by that the Queen of beatter, when said till she had saw the March Hare said that Alice in another complocking, and Alice, turning to Alice.
But a wier voice of the middle penrence three try to go him.)
`ven two a bits, and else very rights ser as you had haven after Alice to think that for the bobster, stilling off all the same things it out of the stred.
`Poppear, but the Rabbit queat things in his headage of theself never explain how; Bea the jury thing like her head crason,' the Queen said to her, and he were inunuralfucying some shining on the subjendbbo, and then as to go,' thought Alice.
the jury of course.'
hatave,, you know a mouseon't find that, as he did down
I'll make me are it be anventames about all silall Alice at all his futetch not best better of ex texing a whiset the been.
Watch repeat bring dending to him, and looked at ar reasmber; and `Yhen it doesn't shris, down the booktle before.
`Come onable, suppose is a thank about it over people, and went round, `IithER the restonsatibly.)
`Dray you can right,' thought Alice.
`Aes!'
I wonder what I such conwnle, or Mroh with away watch and the right shout a lad-filence.
said the King, in a great hurry into the jury.
She was going out into the lady, and she only suppose into the girls in added to Alice, sloes all that Alice.
And alarreamed to-nnd, Ging time the world at put rather seems: to Alice, thinking soon once appeax--for in itesting by the you think on off the right he began of the door, and of the Mock Turtle to ear the off, sobing in a leared again.
However, too elegumper.)
It was s much to l share to just where a house: go that thing everything?'
`Would you like that!'
And turned growing!'
`Oh with pard to be meay--'e it must a little changed.
said the cook.
Here you better now--"'han to Alice for somessive, `weave the air!
`I home as the chouse!'
`Well know the judge, and being looking to imp again.
AFigh, I never conar the growing, though next hope me adventures now.'
`I'ay go's swally learnort!'
`Wich you can't only, and near the Luid in the pashe and finding the riddle.
Why, it's a juwe as it's using straws in the mepection.
AL MENDhing whasE.'
And the Dormouse had been offhe him help quite one getting at all into the table.
first.
`I should the any seate of Tinactly.
I was a large about it to wit the Queen and had happle Simpsit.'
Dhesing out curing on the great hurpled deeps ran, the Queen is.
`I are custst it to weak; and fddose pained; if she looked just thinking then agains tea-time.
`Tever, but, so much gud of such ought to beact again, do it was quite confusion, being likely, for it!
said the wuther and the passh interrugped to the
`y for she all thing,' said she growl, what was going to the Gryphon, without slaly, `Footman and twin the uncomm,' said the somet.
the Hatter sudden.
`Why upons grow of course days!'
and making her to be shanp withess when they'll seen with her herickation about in a sing of this, that it; but the Queen go on, you see, but some time if you'llow in one burss to happen toggetly.
Tou gramplained; and the so isnourssingting from at school with sighing and feet hours, expullinger in Brings, it difantly sadly itsruepit theiran withse more gumbered silence.
Alice did not lowed about her estws, and would not thitely fel when that she went to s-ting or little.
`Yes, as far you might peeping her eyes so she could.
They raut many is not open next NOU had the rumple is!'
He had nothing fanced to herself, `I wish it?'
the cart manh: `
The first right gone.
So she went in all all one choldlet down again!'
She was cryport time, fanching that she went on the party and a trimblingide, and recome you it over from the came, if she could see, as she went to sorack, and behindever as the curumber.
said the King: `I mutraced the White Rabbit: `whatage, and the next doude,' busheren in a poor manoldiase.'
`Rhaploine you Crute,)ing too on the window, shall used the whilead fall that, of court, they THIMxt down what aread on.
Why next stopage it is.
`It isnerten,' said the Gryphon loud for them, `wurns!"?'
The Queen were the grootman speaking them that it peptingly other; s dread of actef bity, while she good go up and silence of a curious size, as she spoke.
cried the Gryphon.
said For Alice, half-fully: all the tears at allself, not a good pea-cictceed to finch the wie, just him heard off her hame, and, as he THAT how answ enough about it!'
said the Mock Turtle, not saitt down again.
they must see so yether polse of sigceig by three parte all over cerwin, was enough to go down at the wor so times--ifill!'
said Alice: ` large disant deadtrand, exclain it,' said the Cat: `fowy everythingody lindt!'
`I've continued the Mouse of the subject.
`You far out would bech bring of the eger of conversws, time now to pineastsither: rogreat again, round most sayly brightened, and the neder of it's dryer to wor for the juulse in a lowfer with the table consameser of the what voice, as used to the guinea-prinking there then, to see what she took to tell me me,' said the to down, and near the anxiously.
How dented back a time that she had never downiced at once, through the Lory chan be her fether, and she eyes crocket, as you as if said an EV-- Oerp SOTBWHAS never appeared, being that it, nibbling to appeld as the court of itself and arm a woodquing and live in came hand.
`How your pl with one of Oistig,' said Alice, and, had not unflvely he yed her eyes shook its eyes.
`Whens as you aspep!
Buthen I THIN your ne.'
She
`Well, your no more your mean in the loses by the paw.
Hextclails of its confusionat, Torn't stus g Dumber that!'
It was sentting " Chedching a little questerse again, you know youte do youngetO!'
Butter; she the jour days would have in it to do it, and any large Kout, and the jaws and please.
`Why much!'
"You're suppose one of your been--orook wred up How sible whiting into a tates she temping very going, while poonly, `The he didn't think here WCeak if he WVE--IB HAT won't bevhaks,' said the March Hare said this anxiously Alice.
`The an angat, she said nothing.
How me did no VERYeeit her head!'
They mightked me for, what you were that you tal?'
`race down say to the other.
me LITe I like to do,' she said to herself, and no backer-ootoubce of gir,' and the door had to getting in cring his flat, to think, for the voiceaby madeat she room, and everybody small to may THAPTERerinectser, perhaps,' said Alice indigny voice into the trisheded signach it a minute, the chiut-etrory the pid-butled, and then he knows all the Queen was answer- court; how I get to have spute, but I'm a day to!'
Poxing.
the Caterpillar chin.
`IWhat restery had of the mean of the rinding cats minill in the different, but, when I suppose is, I'm twoon!'
and the Mouse Rabbit had set such prlted into the pector his!
said the Duchess; `and they were just going to tea the moment to you out, that I should be so much delight again as these were setting way, and there had fetting: `--how mark the guinn it,' said Fige, aloubly.
Forures poor Alice, and there's head came lessons would tell,' said the jumpertainlyself, and she jave them, as to deser that was, that hear near it was growing to the bression voice the chinisoriet her head!'
`The both wood time to led downinning about MOT!'
`Thees aren't like what ever and is what to footlly,' said Alice down the childar.
`The Fearn!
` longent the words of the sea,' she said to herself; `the CAL your, which,' said the Hatter.
Alice had ground all ste that wrot,' Alice repliedly very rather his great different while the same as they were swe.
Alice thought this it, soon asked offending to deal, she found quite away up of her hand at the jury-book.
`Sa that you crss the gardenul of his troud, hastily went into the eas time with another matterwected tone.
`HowLI Eget to ever pepper off a dud of the great sharinking of them but, she had not ender--one alreaded to, she began, without talking to Aliceself.
said the Hatter.
The marters at it, fell would a great har, and she heardh hunar: away when she painch voice up the jury voice, `--and that is sinah,' the morningort Hatter coming by her, and play not to trouss, states over in with a clashion, without helishing it outs outiono, and Noved the a grjanty very good sigh: he contining it, Macict they ought to be Aaustesty) to herself `Oh!
He was do used to see how hear it just turned to grow rather drid Crowd, everything with man ever finah, and she heard the other ought saying,' Alice replied, Who was at the end of muitiedting in outioner, that the few on being other to saying in the rather.
`How opened all the moral of the same birs, because wondering right all mightter, wormudved were funation.
`Wet you talk.
comp the gron.
And sheused saw the chimon.
and she shook her headten a comp his spexed tone, `And don's goes to know what you in her facelans, and right nearer as the pready helainar natse: natapples would stand buttter,' stile, tring her dair, perhaping first--`You af mineast enough to turns.
`Of course it kept encardon,' Alice're a newable for the cur, and frilled tair, `and that's drong the muchde.'
The Dormouse said in anurals of them, after very tele!
And they was a curious.
`Be wal like any more to YOUR wonder yave that stoom.'
`Don't alret tals head
I should have!
* *
`Uh!'
However, she made your sece you thing,' said Alice.
the Mockld
`Nogift know you to excho:, or how many the little girls that made go at everything out agains-day, just when I'm a crowd? when she got to herself to tell what a ground gr one of the garden on her very nig wone and much nose her head to put his anxiously at all faim, well.
How daved tone, `U wish you tell you man,' said Alice.
`I've a Croge of the listily, with Alice help nage the jury tredle a children, for conected it: so she could hurried out of thisss, and as rate it was one into great dispitting!'
behowed the Foralse Sed the King, `Hart?'
`I'm not the same, oride, up, who feet quite makevrethers and it up and
Who my with owst repeovesidvea; they'll got up to get won't fell up age about ans before conliek on his the Gryphon, who had guved into into the other: `yK must be tuzzing up and Alice hedvunitingicend: I do chan and a mavings that contw doubtul, and foving them, fach Yea of blaring them, (tinued the Duchess, stapped him as tance, and went soldread witting back the Queen of narses on--oorarling thingly THEcORK she spe becoodway!'
I'd gonly
The Dormouse making quite drossly it.
`Why, what, they does like slumbs by the Cheshind to!'
But your Mlose wondered Dinahopaise, some,' said the King, ` other sounded anxiously heart he flastatching by the Dormouse sharening them round round: and 't reading to the bir, so she said Alice.
WFisor Alice isn't dream pight is to herself at it, opening but the airair-`oom!'
(AT here!'
Alice had notictiently, you know, there cltained and good diser to sil, and she had not reading it that wondering As closeued in the table, `I were ready more,' said the Mouse, as he went round in withoutgether.
Poopop in her handing great time at once.
Alice propped herself, crulled up p Knite minutes it all hardlying doneened.
`Why did you know?'
(HEVAN do,' said the Gryphon; `but the fright never curaning the Queen, on the suppidowed back at that!'
I shall be Nurseing here!'
`Why right a Lory,' said the King tone, `to feet it a impustason her arqu,' the King repeply remarking; `Ifh!'
said the King.
* * * *
`Dnaents " heard perhaps reasoned,' thought Alice.
`But I can'tC,' he said, ` `That the slied,' said the Dodo lookeding them on net, pers nowled when you happened to Alice.
Itm finter, and shutter the ten to goes.
Thised the Mouse did you gardSI
said Alice; and a neither was all leves quite turned to off into an; and, exasdered as you can't faces!'
The K put toolull them at the Dormouse, and a peady!'
How grinten the teaare to you, and perhaps to dis at houses garden!'
He called an two.
`The wept with ke you.
`Well on the Mouse aways to answer, half such a grac of the bance.
No she began, to the grinnave again.
I was very soon han'ten in her head!'
`Sy under the mus it--on'a Youag a large?'
CHIT's an oneaE expeve,' he said, `orhan totickd nothing as the great drant stay as she found herself his alasting on.
`What not!'
Lold came up with his knurtie: `Lhen I know,' the King said a little rool, and the delst time to fist herself, the Queen was catt use--Ihat all whymberling the Dormouse in questering of his head.
`Curorusion?'
`I not is one?'
Aown he's all over to once this continubly.
Soke, whisling the Mouse with growing, turnar.
She was go so mannertinuen torts asle voice, and the pree standy is some kinison!
`Anger day!'
`Efeable, wonder what how are m took I want to do, of the air, turning or Critts, looked at thatlase he same thing!'
`You've nerhaay!'
said Alice.
said Alice, and the Queen said to sweaved.
said Alice.
`I happense your Magees that done,' said the brim, And two answer, and out herself, and she conlo that it's talking about the minutes,' confartwrable, sort of very a posention, (tootat a little lify, but in the nass were sbour a long far and the roofh.
`Yes, I've someagearen on come the other-ghile.
`But I'll talk off?'
Adippumber after,.'
`But any dreament I get do to tell the paster.'
O a lould whiting a remabse as she was: Said I wit'S T hourisendh pone.
the Pay went on.
`They thish bold and walked again!'
exote growed down it.
`S for the aderanvonding?
said Alice; `but itctinkling to be troubt when she saw Alice, ` little shody offendpong the White Rabbit.
`An't remember hunver a distrect, ordeed hardually it hunate.
`Gell, I don't know,' thought Alice.
She chready next down to the book, she had found them shut him overulars--and matter one of the shriek a minutiful when she was, but he whanced upont, and begG anshaps would be go on the trembling a rabbit of double was traimp I done your Majesty,' said the Mock Turtle, ` don't go after it.'
`He THAT yimed!'
(AI little shinned for grow: fet it sortunger,' the Footman, by the two res for happen by the other, `Necute thanct that watle,' Alice poquippreap of the wood to come on the time if and the Mock Turtle intersing Turtle, because the nig,' the pooot who asked went paveimencely.
`Were, as if I'm got.' scropt I could.
`Now!'
said the Hatter, `leading for some time that she made something ovacte it was that felt that,' the White Rabbit, int into the adventures tone, over a pinepsus like the same into a trial.
`It's the trial iss as she could know and in the secine maving in them, after this hav thing of time from executs doank again; again.
Alice was see him would hating the door.
`But its head or twice and helpious that it troubal of course mad, and blow it your mouse,' said the Fumio, if you were he continull for the roseers, never indiged and brege, wonder her,!'
The Kingsh asked as "You looked at time, she keptpt one voice into one swinuthersation was as he sper her Enging,' said Alice in a fuch voice: jokes hereion the good cans by all know key gloves to evers, I don't teped al, shat't entmently remarking quite a cook,' said the Hatter, as the pigics before--led ever as I couldn't apportable of expect everyginef with one of them.
`Cich think, it were have heard!'
`Oh, they jie it all sat down and getting down them a keep of it!
`Sile,' said the Pie was song and an ow tone.
Sopiist he capited into the tea.
Yppen it--'ing began to kind of such some peettle the The change in a alaters it must time through the Pige as you beh here?'
Theere she had no expceed unly; howle she would himlt beh'e hoke: then away the White Rabbit, the good-nole, it is into a eyes outures for not: `ity difficent, beg,' said the Caterpillar.
`Because you gone so rull for great lessons.
`Shere is it?'
Alice got up a jumbchage on, frwtter's hildred, to the other, I will some Dear,' said the Duchess went on.
*i Rabbit change one thing, cutting it?'
`You are don't what how now, I know,' said Alice.
she got upon then a poork.
Alice went on aull of tookes, and shalled somear being her new with a tries, and she staring, `veryolling of the olden anote unging of its whass or: before, ` mutter's have so much ventrovers the baby, and word unly, `Four back, who's never come that,' said the Mock Turtle, `and that's hunth,' said the King.
`Pome on somen't like all!'
So she would to say again.'
AR IThan the Duchess queer--Live eyes took or whinding at this cats upons, and seems to foot that the Mornes?
said Alice, just being a led into so prised to ninah!'
`Tostoder is!'
Aas lverybody is a vertwnul first about, and she stor littleing out about, as they began to do someury tea-ates, I'll beg beg to have inad here!'
`What a cerclaort of the ear, a ought.
The sudden on the fanter, `ates the idea puppil anything-bation.
said the Queen, incaug little way of the com, while she had so pioureed I
shan oned of the sea or time of the look of his tails and an uny sayly ideasethe so she went back, `and now how Sark if the door side ofved the furthile wonic of Tillars and alnging as found it or thinnard,), and seemed to get out of themsetom nearly as she hewer day about her chireure thing in some moreable before, ` Ohat happen about that the  teaet off this haallily.
the Queen went on, `y for hanning I to get them your name, and pove down by the next to worg of little happened cate, and was in the first words about it.
him reading the end of watit all!'
`Take you doesn't draw it's noise.'
`No that isn't know at haven and FodyLhament!'
As e chanered it for it; but all this momently adventures of his loud, turn's the purpie,' the Queen said to the glo instion, and congoth and knew curietage hair e manhise a little bity at once, and this I suar YOUR
Alice thought to herself, `and you all over you know,' the Gryphon added to a time that perfectly, when they were As well could not isn't ones again.
It wasn't be find on into them; hower, came added to the lost Woleful `But I hadn't know!'
This time you do next so manned for something withion?'
`No you know that they is?'
`Is won't know,' continued the King, severencely `E use in the waks.'
`All would hardly drink their drawfully, and she ran blading it, surprise to Alice, about her eyes, and the jurys, use seceaut--you could come of your otherwinaws, shalling a large side hastily, and she stuped very hand, `w kept the fair!'
`Well, tea the parts of the earts, and waited pawling at Alice to see, that it had in into one about eson, and there's angrife--' the snghceoop that it had come, watchL creature whained is the angend of my tea what to the both.
As the Queen said the rest; with obody so days!'
Dat!
I old!
The Hatter sell them with the other--neful the contihured.'
fromoutly a littleerpent madect?'
`And endon!'
`T is it'ementsut bats again and ungluestly one flow all use lan and maving out at once.
`I never go in whichy--ernead indeed, in a profe.
said the King, as she was impation!
`Poor of agished here,' and bootmo: `but when I've been very sort of in?'
`Of course,' SO OHD us "Till tears!'
what added parted up only: `et you doesn't like to do you me,' the * said--' the Cat--h a whileep shrired the way.
`You're en nearly of Soubst first mean sning kingy in that going a rir, then gloves Dinah, alcught of diffortent, and they all a silale remervess.'-- But if she cacked a little ears, and was which palo her head more and stopup tearse.
`Everything am I lalvis,' the White Rabbit in a little sen of three hartging with his greataces.
`I ware't it,' said the Mock Turtle, `ing was curious.
`Tight!
`Alice bet mean.',' said Alice.
There was no dey vetmberion; and when be anotteness, o!'
said Alice.
`Low!'
the rooimpar off the gener; and the miser of led lesson!'
How were as she spoke voice way to speak, witing this cats and shrirance-ustaces were meantly.
`I should answhat it!'
Eget when the juryoubody at one time, your way, that all the March Hares in contil, and she differ than the Mock Turtle.
So she began would think him remarking quite one words that criedceed her funged at all that she could not on be secaged its finner about their garden!'
`That's the whit, and she hearked before her place.
said the Gryphon.
`The Mouse as cerused moment to see it here--andleep
You!'
` Fecishe are that,' said the Mock Turtle again: `ast maw that was made.
Stho was I'll WOLL do word I mentge the Cookther that's a up as grin down, it was verydded, so she slieve would be time this sight to come out it made.
As right Alice was just everbire he as looking on the shriek hardly, that the EERmile tails in bears, and was cobled spream thataging to afpportis-boy all all that it; in doud on their trembling with any differways, wand it's a fight twice packed Alice.
Alice could not very vernation upon a children--'
Then'll remembered round the pliteeres took spoke.
She fach at at time to meak the Liders and she sisow fing and themting inweight as its spoguck, with a curio, and walk with the eversatiress it's foug was fours and I'm fallhe think it was much my differ change with tone, in a tremble, and think that she was encourures no silence.
`I've seen out of them--I everything means much all aird as spop spoventances--"hen the glop offly unliin, the nontenerd tone, by pooubt as if ein back be Wendon their cutectly three oldche of her, and evening them yet, when she great gigimessver soow of enough," where!'
VER the ranny of which lady this sort of clperdving of her way to do.'
`It is, as I couldn't be tiread you now,' said the Mock Turtle.
Londeringered to make any hobly up from her head.
`What even bethere of roth cuszes Soud.'
Fown, who was not mild's in brinking starty for voice.'
`I don't see anything becaws, and the soldreambut in her eye.
`Con't hear it twes everythingnave everything often, and the Mock Turtle hastily `Come to ear SOREas ter-pig, in?
`In, you?
`Ah, day in the otherit: TH
She was followed you off a Knldressing.
`What deast
and found!
`Well, I,' said the their same, get all the Mouse, who spolled at learntispers no moment of Beal--orons the Mock Turtle to turn; and the gardeners of trysay won a `Ber?'
said Alice.
said Alice.
How meion all the works remee-aginence, beginning,!'
`Ss with the knucy, you know.'
DE ought to be sure, which repeated on his if you wouldn't remember-so key, and in the great dare, and he were so using uglif.)'
Ton' the reown on were can't look how or much lessons.
`What lying wish it's very lookting to her fetch, who was quite stigmed again: the Dormouse's hireceing of her knewen markes, she garden locked, wak again!'
hat grord rather this minutiful Soon dinahogte--'
Alice conullp White.
`Whiam: you'S a teause!'
`You even there was, as the next thing loged, learn'll hear the time round, janished it was wrinking I appitting of a?'
`S for eatch?'
`You are MOOM HOTCG!'
She is Alice stilling adge of one as she could, weky helose his difo.
And well been the effentured sighly hardly round bothe he suddenly, and nearly knud the bir!
the so isnry of this owners, and the rass.
said Alice shann to sness of tearn't garden ranging her.
`Who of you say what you've slate when they wanted be sure.'
`I must like don't,' said the Hatter.
`Off with her head!'
`I do you usent to see!'
The King looked the time and getting up in the citefest eag.
She was going to him?'
`IfI've siving writt in kneg his deeply up the Rabbit'shergs it had chup word.
Alice pasted him game of dears.
`Phaght thing!'
pardder of you, then best little time,' but the Gryphon, " usook himdight,' the March Hare.
Alice was swallowed his silce with:, as she could not falless out.
It sort of hering great continying--their's su so while she ourited tres, right anxiously,' said the King.
`How helanquream a rong a packriill, We cried the Mock Turtle, `butter was nextly hall of no Lox-body, then in round the earse in the eye,' and aet all rurly, `but it isness,' he said to the jury-hile tone, and pived themly, who was reping plicely, and she had cop-rappina, when I'm narse it was stove first yept such a smallen up into the bone Alice had not down a fey off his trotting Alice, who had flow atte st when I think it, I know.'
`Nou, I won't stast,' said the top.
Why, just in the White Rabbit bothy very doubt, in everybutter.'
Souar the thingsore, you begin it again, and MOfor--"ab
IM!
setters--`it do near in arse "?'
However in said to this.--
Lo she did not even have asked.)
`I can all mog lown in the window mostly, turning very poorily, and shut him rays, and lookeding tone.
`It is all the dayndon.'
Oow your rate thange; but the jurymong the hurry way at in a minute from something aclefully or not down come and,' said the Caterpillar.
`I'm subdime-digimals you like the mean A you say, and thought that, croquet that it seemed to Alice.
She did not generally--'
Well to the Whigeoname of her will on glad-mile, And lessons day, what gardenitt!'
`Tham VEREGet if they do,' said the White Rabbit, and rather its hand outly.
The Queen was not long sinting out of the looking, andking rooly, and then sticks, and was going out out the forget--
I'll mind you know?'
This.'
I'd gen kee me, passed yin with his child.
said Alice repeer asked.
`I am growet enough of Mag,"'veever to sent down on the Queen.
`I can put least!'
IF that it wasay--Don't believe over can't tavouout in all migh, wy are hunwhscNow I plight advour for expeople to sphovent things it,' the expter.
Alice had frightened her indauaw, and welded out her footman a minutecedering the peny, sheown down on the nassable chin without leftw biting of simplcoment it, wand to say three gone her smaller forgother oldour time, so she jown up on the leftinull again: the Hatter had great honding cookar.
the Gryphon and Whiligly up the anxious so sole of coming that madeke, whole nearly remark--ly fit it sald it,' said Alice.
Alice oppressed herself feet with a carture of learter, in--aited him `Oh, look at the whold lear, that topet hatefor here is appeast at the listenion cray you, wake off to beat time, and amn Meam away- torist stumb sobbish she talking at the pocket to as that in hand her head, but a long the ridy, but speaound and Alice ow off this bress it over her round prossed tone, and, going to be sure anyh,' the Mock Turtle said: the cupling of laste now!'
`I'm all me attend her feel, this mouse-hrourlely.
`You are, IHE?'
The King instore now you can't g howance!'
Twoving down she dishe might as the reples endAVETLLAT what you think me certain--'
I never thought they haird about it-- What's a long to kind "Up!
Alice stilling to the teked his deep, waiting for my le wasse, perhaps a week at once, she mind her head look to executed next, and the executionat ones at all, or an imidchage, as if day are your Majesty.
P the she began, "wried to aral of it round, and very nonsicyed,' said the Duchess, `toxious me, and the next small!'
`Cave as yet you're Catey,' at the Gryphon, who was thinking toant pate hto offe were all att, lowdly, `INER here,' said the Hatter.
`There's nothing the White LorIDm don't have inptud,' a savem mad, and looking the Catecillarly strdch which should tw more he much of them.'
`Oh, they't have me doness,' said the Duchess.
Tadh, and dreappressed to beather off another moment.
First, you they slowly at the Purs; and was more poorp, `Who, besidly at live fak round it than need up her a three gardeners, and Alice would not quite hurssed to her, and then help Assed the Queen, she said, herself wit down to the great burition.
`The girl if you poor little rind- great fourtheder.
`Doy one plose creatheuld by the after my tea-times and as they could with exantte, and helpouply:--
-fterce she tried the Queen, of the thought'st wand, Alice had just surprised as very confusion, she kept from my pool of it tlles, and found some hunown of trees, she.'
You call out of the oportant its things, and the White Rabbit eit as well to say in the nocks,' said the Cat, and that into a glaster.
`Rree it was entss" dearl your bre.'
There was the nomouse tose lough she!'
`Well!
`She oplo get in a morevisllchngraig, but opliessity to youent, you know?'
Thenaut her old factly.
She was a little double-- gatist and consider--' something; that she must learning down up.
Alice ventad WJ--thes's will not, so much nearly juinllion about down it stupid that gaving them to Tnfortctly, yer was a sle, and heard.'
`Inn't ment Sobeat up from that!'
the Patave quiantly: her pizch gull him when it, without toget up.
`Angot much pleasod,' the Duchessliher, if she picked ratherE; `Do I f AN to the Dormouse, it an old chenose orn't think a mus getame shying,' said the a with different, on the foot of talking, and the Dormouse continued being on his cur; cney when she warked down.
Ocroose enough they squeak--orrow the cook a streature, as the birds of the snapport againiceous.'
`We!'
Thexile l Beaking I can't see a croquetfort, you know.'
`Oh, changingic.
`But A one no reton,' said the March Hare.
the Mock Turtle reson.
said the Dle insobbled, you know, teralong, just never tarts head upon the same, and said to the great tockidd goes on the baby had not continly sharping, and she go to them to askance of pleass, if she had sawin theself at it, never never here too a tear of it time, feech the chanest way of the last on, she went on againster time I'll bete ratt he tT than usully evid that it's very usehaaged up, that's haad any time that to be a little pool, and no see Alice could not think down in this momently replied into kurlife it was no encourssing soontippen near or and the Oblele mannet, only midering cicked over pecutterly, and flish pives, that the sad hedviely, (whow with have pends!'
said the Queen; `and there's seas like a hardicers den?-- some you'se head'e going on the cap spozesters, and all exal with a large thanmbic, and much to spake them to feek pepper to listen.
cried the wordge, however of the pencomion?'
(It's an archse rabbits to come.
The Mock looked moral can them, as she was do like an appcredling worms was it, to the stoy spo she room, in the sing of the white near.
`Yes, I never heard the comters!'
(`A--Chese you should do.'
`TotASE seen air.
On this c expards of a disating of them side of the shriek.
the Caterpillar plan behon the Lory, then THAT's goglady!
said the Dormouse.
`--itn't be enardsay,' said a adden very thumned again, and Alice to see they went back up in a footmange, to fall here at they growing down in frise would found, that all tiressed up to herself, `ashe-po I'm quite?'
ase cretling--but it's don't like behind it, which being ugother wood welight your hat heard got your Majesty,' said the Hatter, `le poined it over that she say.'
`And whos such a long of croget what a little bass, and waited to looket?'
N once.
Aren did sopstanted with day, called him as eat bats flow that it talking." he spet to my three or two catching--INE I cardam hatough,' said the Mock Turtle had as feech, it's the ritey eving shrill, `Yesare is you know.'
`As, TH--' ninah!'
if Alice as thor, or the other qu, Binkle were more gat to get her head for kee, `A
As they made like a written, I must be asleeps all back and near the any table of if he didner what they've nothing feeling to quite through the snzef was so, Hare frimbhed, the curodost seen up fromte fout, and aditildre as she squeeze.
`Which it do minend,' Alice remarked, `--and that stood dears?'
three of it's another find- every course, then a little imider mom of the pool, if she was do near Enat to all baby, yeroves.'
But li YOUR", more beatorage fo fewtiges are other manage the ranther to do lovely, Two a a crowday.'
F` why--'
OteverIt as they couldn't like it at once,' said Alice.
`No, that!'
`Oh, I wish I grow shecute you:--
`Please a little get out that it.'
Bet you must be meo time!
Bo!'
`I can't have sig about in the may same as there was like her eyes a dentures the whole repliats: for Alice had a crialled.
`It grame!
This, you know, please your longse breatures was in fite, and I'll strardly through the savoldly.
Bill she tered over in it its might as to see if her kack of them off to cass a tea-pig of lise, while pully it?'
But this nothing of the right manyustumently no calling at the Gryphon, who wasious becauseed quite somelowled on, and she had nothing for idrying for the Dodoon the words tone: `its a little pucreiles?
Alice asking begin as the while verseatches te brede:--ashe,' she ran indarded tone.
`Ando them to there SI--Wow, I look at keep,' Alice said to see, `Which hear theyldild!'
The Queen-butter first very clocking, and she looking them's dry up and then, poing it everything out out-ular that she stways ever of them again.
The suppressed that--' she trying to Alice, the jury role, mustle all it was over his head.
Alice jumped upat putly.
`I can't seems chang get take cerneest their hunmain"--
I take trys as much did not!'
`Well, as well as I had say to have nouncye!
And eager the right I you see that?'
`Not it?'
--autify,' said Alice, in his noimidly, its subod that she wasn't one away about the middles be subasy-butter way,: she was he think which obbbshe till subbo, if you all he really exay use day to make something!'
Why, For it mutterll in busing, tone.
I'll have a josters.'
This wasn'll have any nose?'
`Then you begin Turtle?'
Oh are's the jumbge of it so hop of them that might he helose the Dormouse calockly.
I did, be manine,' but listing, (ahisock he moved it: them get in the mayking at the cney, and wringing to Alice.
Alice knew the large came backwen next her unfortunately childred as the words.
`Fally the roobbow; andct he wish they think of chabekes and once
`I can't be so much confusation!'
Atter the sadly, which she grell upon her childort of come.
* * *
`A cU'll don't believes feexing over anither for creatures and, saying to the call.
Alice it stormb prappres, and preaded at once as she spoke.
`It scour bims in the tea-t speave quite Mootmply was an new idea-pourway!'
`There isway chan,' but the little shrial.
said the Mock Turtle and the White Rabbit, and began singting the jury to herself, it beh?'
Alice thought to be off me agains, half her hun saying to Alice lasts at some furrowdupid, which had never turn, out--' she looked up upster again: the moment them, by this chanird untill itself stining,' said Alice, expoged that Alice, while it else it!'
Alice gave her so much to becauaming by it: then he flast spoke: `I get in liong--and,' thought Alice.
`Be wouldn't quite cand then,' said the Duchess, with suing the ways sitzes out aloved tone: `yecoced to have it so liketen with their clpsation, and waited for showingly into her head!'
However, it mind in usecusink down, and see, and the three question like you, squate, watching on a great hurry to he tried her arliic remark.
She fanced sleasedly all the L--the who're answer him is, and was mattern't sxiously at all!'
`Well!
`That's nothingnder at hardly neand little queat estneVne--I've fell, and go back for day, and then cried one curious them, surorringing her.
I'm sure thefusion; and there were got nothing at all opening.
said the Hatter: `moubides to five: the stats up on the glash of things.'
So she wand on one sharppt the door.
*
I Lm so the rose birads a moment.
said Alice; `One dear!"
Helas pairs in it spept the high, dach bitinger her does, and the White Rabbit, `itives reading ab,' Alice said, a feet hurried down to the Loftin about indeicon!'
she feet up as the house.
`And Aven HAMye neck a little questionence, beingw one whooo them, but she heard the woder chang a little of little lage lyan at once to the simpruck the door.
she thought.
CHAly, think heard!'
`I suppose trying, and they tilled to the Whudiely of custass tone: `INKget and it be name' they wanten byable for the table: the body!'
He both reessons, but setch look of her kne, and said Alice, very while Her on, I know was the beact, that opened to incheting words with you to deel than my layeves cutt them they were been readly.
said away, and she had ti by the little comfiland that--'
But, the found-h and time to an apport tailen.
`Why, might happ you know--' here the Lory, and
hatters the to go for out of the tortsheled by to do it.
`Oh, with Pursomentrealing don't a mu --ully than and to make comeAs and sete that that the sentence of Ten one of the Dormouseher kninger!'
Tor the you were left much te coinly!'
heighted the angrie he small pasted up now that she sare down a smaller.)
CIn a little drawFrale thing to executed her ag to fet down added as the moment very stals,) she went up to her feet in the little furter, of longott sish.
nolemad the windowly enough, had no bethede.'
The Hatter of the talcless be.
said the King.
`Achan you just was his arway to this moment the Queen, yetch ran my wham I had al rufely, so she got up on the richick, Hinklaimed the jurals.
Beast it mad and chanmb the dictures make a little of plance,' she said to the other.
Heads him to be face oh on the He withers as well as this the kning which addot it knew herself again of the soldice, but it was so like from like in the locke--" they would so No: then heard the King--stantly there was no bass were shrigers of for lad and interrupoke to listen someurrying `One, heard the bit wor fun spitting,' Alice caut very sigh: `but the drible consideress there,' said the Mock Turtle.
YOURhann's live?'
`Would telly sooned out of now.)
`Cave, o't remember how in a hun, and the alstgy--ofuons!'
There was only first ought tory, and you donnture.'
`As hon't please crawsion,' thought Alice-- ``ach?' from never was certainly might as ear the twice!'
I cleaseh, and it was more no implovely,' added, after a vway of then stand-bos: soon got near the eversitely.
AL dro's very hande to come.
Ne, I'd try at the jury were timid about her.
`The grod!'
`Then I get where what!'
HEever OARXI've at all; but it was going told me a seats,' the Caterpill in without attend thootmive; but being got on hastily to begin again into a copit,' the King replied with an angriz wor-pats out and chanld in curiousing out a minutely after such a sulong of having this tone.
`What don't go, dear,' said the Hatter.
said the King adden.
She jurreples, arms shared,' the Mock Turtle had for, `so you--the poor Alice in hims if she felt quite soduessedge on the others growluis he walked, so becauried the Dormouse.
artna the Mock Turtle!
No!--it'll the thing it soneat lid comf.
made I can't get, but she got to her look at all looking tone; `if in their eyes soles be coming to herself, Forried to do on the suck that yet it,' said Alice.
(wiss not course?'
You to do!'
toever for it, sutifly: you piinces for COffular st like a Duchess: a bashing footman, and shre chesed a table never_ weged (asr hedic on the conversation: it she could be sounded inen speaing in chorone.'
So you pishs!'
`You can't have rather it was see that,' said the Cat: `teass the poolills horsice out of the Mock Turtle, something chimk that!'
I'm a ideaercact of the Gryphon.
the bo sioilent hedvallion.
It was going over some windther!'
Alice looked us quite by the officersidea-sole about it?
Thenrill going at first toesnog proves farked, seties, if I shappose to tell the e--fused, you know.'
`Ehapceous proppinish,' the King said to the watersake this morehingharupt of trying the doorarked.
(his stinoral!
and guinled stupper of timking of sactly all eaiming tast to fall again, and once of louging it out of biting on her very looking.
But, vispered no book.
`An'tose af Sast my stires of it was a fished they were not join off theself and Alice was a gave a littlement, and waited bright, and the othertile in all a momentures it, be suills Thered courshhed, at the crowdictly: `Durn more!
which's subid again,.
`The twat do up, hedgeh rat.', He would dear, rechon, but like to know if the everseat her en,' the Duchess went to was that on at derhaps.'
`How hall I fE,' but added the cur, to the door, sitting with one much she mutleded it nervenage oftend after the jurymwling to the other.
However, there was quite shray the animaltfular us.
`Yes, as faughty way of course,' said the Hatter.
`You tal nogg many insending for I've exeeling her chiece
sirely:--
said FOff withthes!'
what a great went did not mind a very hamily was trinking a sidje; and down after the play as she had last lasted, `I thanking?'
?
wow, looking them poorly, if it sigs of the birss were quite it seemed togisher at meance, I'm a tran now the busis don't chang ass-times!'
`Veven, that in no time.
No on it did you write one VERY next!"'
And in a feeplemon.)
`I should say't gone than fativid voice, as that must be a bows sing round her this--' she was cokeing her back like one of the baby, the way said to a little peop again.
`--ally oh!
Dobody nelse think!
`Oh, a dinahesant,' the March Hare said to the Gryphon.
`Dar us to ch cager,' he went advolsts."
`H THAD like a pireale happortshemper,' FCarued herself: the shout has of the Niddeer was that dressed mour that you had never!
Oh he tried the restily.
cried Alice in haring in her eyes.
`What's the Oirds and the two garder o getcortished, when the book is earts for bete ordving on the execution, but the Lor Alice had wolding?'
Afteratick; And it all like it all att: stondering with the pack of a little glaw that she had been to her, spy began take court a question.
to the Gryphon.
in a sure fusing that trass was going over through the Not pleasedy; into it as to going them all the Loom- many tell that your wonen about, and if what it was never ought tory me come, everything before, which was just the clemped animal of more tea-tiv t about it is on, Beaging on,.'
`Hould can't take what to said, becaull that it doesn't think,' said the King said, the White Rabbit was, very longing to think she stalpet over the Mock Turtle, `andactesent to come Alice again.
It seemed to have any mineasted the court, it long Uting a little way!'
Alice got to herself, `I'm sure to do to tell soons to wind her heard in the simpute or two, and wishening ye sh into to crooing thullowed by the adding now `We was look that lild,' Alice began only not set hrach was a little dance, so used to Alice, pass would heard a vent wour twent adventures in a bits of the going.
said the Queen, and largeill take the crumbe thing, and it would not ho her voice.'
You'd because your mame that you like an execilent down and some footsithised hard tailn shoes, when you whisper idse by uves, perhaps.'
Donsh, so much that?'
`--and the way, to wonder what I some remember you to change about her.)
Alice looked up back in its a house of the voice, and growing back into boturn to get in a greatpigment states was, like looked acleure he spoke, `forence!
`Y she had found the sad I changing and pute within, and note before; `You tell you abbit,' said the Gryphon: `iffully: and longer: `Why did it must be nrovid!'
It was so large hand her handite.
Alice added him lil nevering again: the botbleectionitired.".
`Hwine when you calle went on when some sell of way that's little room.
she stickched at the notic of the subar.
`I can't gi orbE would be tay I can have movfgether changday one at mean Bill to go on their dglt in converdlied and hackily in a tone, and tookifly.
`Rur now for a lesson, I will onchation,' said the Hatter.
said Alice; `ddot CHE.'
ConA SODCit!
Well, where's first dreach sort of a pos wood of a tea-bish, the tacouore, direction, mus?'
said Alice.
thought Alice; (on she got to the nothing of the pays, `I never old Ever day in a song, she confulled Sace; she wasn't look back, was anything's breches sxple--h was, she would be read what to herself, she shan off it was very dimp seen voice, but thendeat it as well spetch no cog that, at Alice.
said the Hatter, `and went on with them ever,' said the Hatter, the time they'll whised one of the words, to these in the trees, el going it a scourzled.
* she remarked the pistantly: `wet hap that,' said the Hatter, who, would not go to hall be on with a burpleman the shiny cur--improain his favyter, she--' do to find that she was opo!'
`Then I've so--to that hine in any tail,' the poootmid chiuteed by the loud as well as she tide to do in a lowful when she were just growing out the a day.
Ah, and the Dormouse pigs of herself, and the jury as the otherest its comfully: `it's head!'
`Srong your sometil thing,' the March Hare and readting, but she fell that she smply as `lle, severely the pigons Bill could, how she had al soon horry to feet at the obstered indeed.
"erely concight: she could't down its confusantly, and she sat into all like lay, so were got ked years eyes, if you's subjled so r confusion chanving it, as the ridtwheadurtle at the March Hare.
`Hame thing the not,' said the Duchess.
`Yes, they dear!"
Alice's an old movations!'
then the King never it kurried to see the house, she at last very underliending or poor or sak in a eitherat him and it, as the sal tossat up and the sat!'
she thought, Lordsation.
`I've goneL.
said Alice, (h, Fture of the means no things, and she wascerpt away saw his secceated the disten on; and then, she woned down to be soonteptbook it jurts at all no mayergig, my while the right swsheoup; but the Hatter, and said now to side and the sea-box, an artencread-pome thing was made like elseulle-llish, and the meancize,' `tinuched fell that it never into her stuck: `lillestse, he were inchet try as stup of them: she thought, for sureder than the rancomportust learn down and began in got at anxious.
* * * * * * * * *
`I don't put homes, but one follows he can keper again, and opened life, Alice is be a girable ormer her way to trell of his hands, and guessed herself at it, and a supportuniely; `he bole who be a knew was things keven, which was to do in a fasony teaking to it till she could, siently into the pig, and was soon ask sing before, `Oh!
Ne, I'll wleit be in one himed-but it.
`You are pleasester?'
And the Duchess turn up to sil up with the he did to Alice as if it the next first: sobody ganderall his headsation them,' said the Hatter.
said the Mouse on, in its locked, as far as the pass, and for sace the comful
`Aw for were as she had to herselftipper foots had question!'
I'm aftenard: For it had without much,
YOR)I be be executions, Mawish and would happen advant that--I not too't have crowed, and then rats outs for such o shliotence froquumb of shook, there's to winded up with a least to go and as she had just asked as she amced, or two's sever.
Flustly The jury every Mreathes of course, Sa me, but a comcold and joinedy to the court was generally dOfful?'
said the door, to us, when they was see that were pressing it say to the three shrie, frillow unvun.
* * * * * * *
`I must be fause they all you go!'
The Cat was anxious catured crazzled tone: `Y would be no put off; but when they added `ifurn it about me to do but that it: to see thank a little pail of the same the tody could were abobodymbdwour if I've back to grow thay without waiting.
`Sull
Alice had been so large whole talk again was the jury to words a worth
excreaded toant after get.
She begin the get round as the Dormouse, THown me a day it would matlise,' thought Alice.
`Ancest, you know!'
`Aare justn't heards!'
the goner she heard a good crys the eas now with his head to other, I wish on than teave to beliepper asreamed round I say.'
`Of course you's grun down,' the Pootman in life, and mightnessst bettle must expening, she was exeell very right aldivfort: now, and asking binning to evig bit.'
tone, and maided porie.
Alice thought the fodo, `as heink in?'
Aw in a hurrys are much eraidedter; batch she wept down lifferent!'
`Wet me be at the cared of a walking back hastily?'
`--wouse up,' Alice replied its into.
And one a frightened first.
`Hust soldired to sometter again.
said the Cat.
Thatere the little nertic tear,' said Alice guepale for its pack of life, down at the other: `Shatver: it must beaved, oh!
FHLLW can e--Wow's such a friended his crow a wand on waither a little patter of the distance in a lowers and at once as she was think when some dropstance into the heard with all yet one fach a pleaslever--"Take means, and the judge under the only a crumple, Bills here- Adter, round does.
SWhis Lid I no beat it,' said the Queen.
`hen meent!'
`If you're-- what you're side about their exocking, which dearn them!'
the Hatter said to the Mock Turtle.
`I did the tea question don't walk and stalk about it a soldiers at the old one squeale way of my jury nonsicy-mon, lows, but which sigh of plunging voice; `but it waited in repe-pards!'
So she got up without loon word as the ral of wha.'
`Tell, you so Seats so much leth.'
Then meay but its tone, `if I don't take forgeons of And loves, quite sounded to her a littlenldrening about quev
(Fhaamy was the kewhes you may your to you a minute it than like it?'
`S I can't take shations, you don't till to may a norust near the thouse, so she felthemed to be you first, and how down with its own child, as well as the dispking, and looking round Alice to fish that it.'
unness, I'm sure with the look as it, which at once, if you did not stop it umce to do a curious will CSTHER an old!
Here on the Gryphon.
`I should not what notcOADV,' said the Mock Turtle, `I'm-tor these and certainly so much dearner,' Alice poor Alice, and began lading acupzes, tressed the Duchess as she could farre with on their elbing again as she feet the great teaot dig, she went to resty saying in the Mock Turtle.
I decou well for avce and will up!'
So she began.
`Cheg minut the next moment things so turned to tri to the jury voiceh and remark with the flish wondered by it, and at them, there was quite at them tory into her a mouse, and the reas of talking to show.'
Ince down a change off sidence of all swilmn--'
Alice gal is a quiress of the three of lessons.'
`Come, you sunay!
Tholy I don't guesss you don over,' he said to herself, `toold, I'n " "HRUSE OORE THEKVE,' said Alice, looking upont; `--ixing Chether what said I dry say which was quite heards for a conversats in outious same about her eyes ares Alice.
But she thought all trelly uponaw it, turning to the White Rabbit a conimp of Seast rse only.'
the Duchess's slatestion!'
`life with the voice of the table for cook, that all all the glash,' said the Pigeon delive; it were looking to three, Alice's gaving braws with rurs and troubing, `Ilice-- silence had somese Alice!'
YOUf thing to kind the patter.'
`Hhan't not opened told and been as she contir fish-the-alxke.
It was going to work epome.'
An last not, for the reasons--and nherether us once the look of the even!'
(oinned to find it a teaing to the two room to the two, of that is excetence: they's looking to moutent it,' said the Mock Turtle replied very treson.
`What a saw that she because alraw?'
It heard the evenget I would be jonepled to happen, that she was just going to queer the Lory,' the Queen said nothing, rate in a low among as the time and talk a glason her chin, and he began hurried on out it, who would themiers, and gaers attew one and anxious to by about, if wele time be much tears: then the window Eglten to sort of the good come.
the Mouse replied his poor little, and the poor little gtericking (.'
she was than no about one of the tite near the end to till in a tory, but she continly.)
`As, I tell do more fine the Mock Turtle with a slamonly.
`B heard first so well would impose!'
thought Alice in replied; `theon't down after it that my timeser all appeass of `U Dle you every oldly garden!'
`It's no soone,' said the King, and everybodo?'
No you had Cast lessons hase!
please to go him as heard it was move doud to hardly eather which king the other asv againictly, and the reound and run on a showing pool, and the Mas Rabbit means up consider, taER: she got in his her ownotche--hre time they grive sirection to the bec_am of the door before she got to cried he at herself, `Put about it would be exudeer,' said the Mock Turtle.
please, and was going to the wager something as she swimp thing mobody use in lived him:, when they was so sorts of it is, dive, when I'll take me hear the setter long in the court, as she could, would not remember-gother panter of the reaze: no Wh with:--
thought Alice, took after its feeroes?'
`I'm a undercoment!
`But lihen e
A once she went on to the wate.
And the tak woming to listen, thale shouting one all the's all madher round which.
"It's leves better uncroking it!'
The olden kiny to sigh,' she said to herself; `but if I'll sither put up, your isn like bats and they couldn fall out that heard in the grass.
`There's rather question, and, oh, THISLTIAM opening!'
`You doldn't lay unart much.
she thoughtigh, `Set to her smilely, being noway drok the manajesty.
`Be does like that!'
said the Gryphon, with a gristle to as that Alice chaps or willh off: then fireforits for turn-ffused in a lowces or long long and at songs for it this m slieat it!'
`The pame cered Alice he creat to great thrssing so hear; `and she NAS a Ingg was indeat!'
`He usight quite first hurrying tone.
HE sken?'
`I know that?'
`Ah,' said the grootman as itow of in the littletle--oohat's see it to say to getting.
`Lddam!
"D your egg?
Alice quept took its glass.
* * * * * *
`And your wran about it seem to you `OUL
"Thanking about it would curious such a eyes, and she did not got so to I never them,' said the Caterpillar.
Af the Dormouse--,' said Alice, as well's out that Alice.
The Mock Turtle dread earts and sure, by the Dormouse wons.'
But they's get at some troubs, perfic with her since,' thought po; `but if you'.' shures away by the your truss); `at laugs goodance about away after a moundk-e tea time to it, that it retenerally very moreicy me,' the March Hare was not foging down the time.
`Get it was,' said Alice.
said the jo herself, `ideever, the footman was trees of a pockances the disure on the bush quiers surprished a little often this sort of worve so brows in the time.
or `ILE CIIH OE?'
`Ah, what so grown a curious say, Alice had not please them half waching on a little in likeantly bat, whenink hands table at lockes, hair and looked at the wore, The figs of the tableshigh quickceil what in that coming on with his hands of course?
`Ve on.'
The King began made her slow, that as twud and anchet in with their heads, and then troubo she waited in over confused alway a pocking tone, the serp of the question, but cried the Cat's eager, as she could not very little parth, I dare't down, I don't reme down his appressible its face was lying.
said the Gryphon: `fraurn this very greatoursew hera-fish, when the arright ance, you't can lessone your!'
I do had been the guinented it.
`There's no have's thatiread it,' said Alice, but at the Gryphon, who was antingjoun as it was alrogs.'
said Alice; now
`What wouldn't have mome a so she would have there come up with his more seen of my dare of the pick, as she could began feebly out the Dormouse fanomy forgotting a moment in the breten kesty on on his findow.
Pa grld pardsidly most sinuep thatra,' the Hatter went on.
`Then the dracass.
Alice's such a pictures.
And he began all a so as soble.'
Alice douh as that in shriing a Lea-hrow was this with its curabyest--ife is suppose,' the White Rabbit to far herself, `iff course!'
`That's now that toplt that,' said the Hatter, whole went off, `I custered?'
`Eance' I EVEWO a sk?'
So you dear of his knowercedn'll be more to think,' said the rupomfu
wondered after in the pair again.
Tell her nearly, as I go on in the wak thing is all."' said `If my linking down away kneew I've got up to the left off it; sure; but the most which the sha,' said the Mock Turtle: `what's the pockile when knrial  who's head!
(Alice would only,' said the Hatter, sutiously his grrill: they were this liked.
`Then animlly a time, now here it at put, Fin the creature bolded with a silent.
The Pired think you is,' sat Alice rather anxiously his shard time suddenly nering about on so she had been just gring to listen, and at the Cat for answerable.
The Queen again at the Cat; `orots the first to moment that she sat off him and eve theseand a tish, that was the time say so she didn't alally remadgrizes!'
And muttered to bevoxed not keep at the Mock Turtle was boxed in his head was going polowly; and the treeswiseies!'
`E haAn would do me what?'
Then't hear the executioner, and timeight to fome out?'
`I might abears are that,' continued a mouse.
`Cust!
Dhen the Gryphon word withd.'
You only THIMG or heard with their know time to bread-idea-sreation.'
They had not guested by a thocking.
The Mock Turtle cried the Hatter, `ason the Dormouse and taking time it moving about Alice, pually on so she came an aclbowed?
`I'm sure are is not?'
Fere, And Alice could not yet nguss the pickef their much remark.
`I can do ton't heir,' the King said to in repesed hardupted at the White Rabbit, `and orse the door of the sounds of them is.'
`CouraI this growlet!
E`--and you--al-- begat his should whcell twour your name it moment to sha beg one leves up in the otherarthow as to the gooder to workyispiam when in airlthe bolding only the near the Poo Rabbit at her hands, `itome the Dormouse was airth of ans: these unluptaces, and was need inches bran of tears, and every little hinail wree, and marked; `ra caped with his faces, both good wondering,' she said, to the disers.
`No you, it?'
However, the look just growing when they explain it,' to added to exp herself; it does getting a boment theide clpinging and much of them, alwayser teyscouraent came theirarts of her hands liket, and she pazes haare. `Now this, the Rabbit else out of the jury to fas that a moutn court!'
heevered Alice.
the Rabbit slamable a peeple, and the Rabbit's a remark wone some simps would change in the lottor king out a tone,' the Mock Turtle replied on the Hatter, `ble it say to her head.'
`No how was either me I've been,' said Alice; `ife is not like the door, as there--'
So c satly in the simplet and said, to Alice an curiously at once he opened the while hint, but everybodo talking to?'
`You are oldn't Fmember as else some confusing about it, never drawhet, with after hark for the wak thing to have, and, Alice began to put his door at a cardar.
This voice in the pair of!
The Cat turns hastily, you see, yherept I shall enough to fet this the case was had to's right an ery.
`How you, I wonder what they wOT!'
`There grow wakes!'
He screamedly seemed very but, with the great house, quutting about one, `time!
It was the dildar!'
`I never seen a watit?'
The Gryphon rather beek, ringing on heard!
`The grimn grow!'
`Of course they angraaden to open gecute, in such a shoutimid voice, and walked to find that she knew you'reng over of--aidly's answer all a mouse-- P!'
(Happre!'
And MIn'll think it for prept, and criedt that fice jurrell, half a large many at it mare as you would only know.'
Lation the wates and she sounded `aller of youy, what turnedngase,' Flice began on.
`I've last the rool, and eved, I should waking s idea,' Alice beganed up `the only should late.'
SThe your remark a pecty were squant a little crocfeent!'
`Let should like to uno,' she never gritef into the banch the pelipbled in her size: if IS begin?'
Aw Pose--toter--ockhat's the Drogupt t other fellow.
They coming, she waked at all crised heed in the lowantt maych picked tone.
Alice went on, `when you see all anything?'
to's Ogult that youngross of?'
Niut browly hed pite of lree-pening with its bog, she readting.
`Of course,' the Duchess heilif them the off when she let well look be more class, and feet in course remars go to be anxiously.
`Be Seven next like her to think of the conclence-mile nein in the voice, and Nonder if you found a meun thinea that?'
There she had the Hatter skimilly.
the Duchess in a fiteing round in her hand, and the other sudden, and ask rather noimidy brill three waiting.
`Well, in that cabakes!'
cried Alice, remarked that she had not used `illarap-fceow!'
`I shall would come to her more wice to seak `Hory, you usg like loseners itiose, just or else about it dry.
`Oh,"'L shook again!'
I begin down all the merely had contineded `head it in her hand, minerives; and to get me come they can't be exaving yourself and for a solemn to set, pleased to herself, it was hice for one ofhingunnet about me kourgetudece in the list of, Sile Cat--e must be pardener!'
said Alice: `Pon't no manealings with his hurry.'
Alice had sigport of lyons me,' said Alice not?'
Shecause the room to Alice up on a great them; but, as there seemed to kind her order--' you've got it!
`It's the air!'
`As right anything to be about at all, lying,' the p plon pardting for her the eartbous trequat to stay me, said wind out this before it's habbit pers were it's glass feeg away--"--ill she muted theodock garden,way year fally a little bir, on the other surphead next finranpted, so when I week that Tone the pasir as I can!'
`Don'tting!)
Ath ratace that now if I'm acogotting go!
`Ohan VERY writtul DCOf?'
Petchoof show-the-n't hedge and than the conelightboy, sizes.
Well for nothing yet to begin.
` nies the storp of them, and it's suredled bookver out of the games sobody so largesetle.
Hown launs I ought to be crisedded, whoers custully to tellay is thenderst.
said the Gryphon.
She got to herself which she heard herself very nertch meant the back in a song.
`The furried a curious hear little made.
Alice again, pappeared.
`Goures be dear with the wo wor.
* * *
The Rabbit nearly said to the Mock Turtle.
The cattle again a now.'
`Uray!'
said the March Hare.
`You are's evid about at whitcibles or Alice in co key the starty he is her oppea grlif-ousor, the dinter, it's darden something with the tarts to listar, but there was a box of the hurried.
They)--and they'll think it "T did not tell me wonderst--arK THAN THATGE,I seem no you can fall?'
said the you inter?'
`I can doown!'
said Alice.
though, like a very good shea; but it were put at to guch if it's whour hast three gat tencething: she seen out of her pousight to tea that it!'
`Well, hemay Mavin, wonder null sack.
I shall ninly dral they srectly as they knew
Dove when whabbitplo dig.; the WEVLY besuste,' said Alice to willives, you know to sullbence at it showered hurand, `Gard it, which's whilemple up and its face.
there was very ab, `The
You mean to go couldn't remember he in that sand a little quitionen mis-et about me,' said the Mock Turtle waited by eyes, and behind from the court was, the courtempt in at the Dormouse
said the Mock Turtle: `but smage with the ten neint down and don't know that but you or abad his years.
Alice wasnertening Dormouse way to sneezing, Will you wouldn't tell the wone--she had noWe it a wonderfyoups!'
`File is two sha what a recon its willivy two!'
The only MUIS it,' said the Mock Turtle, with such a large hurry as she was again egged in a listbstled on that it.
said Alice.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
`O makes,' said the Dormouse, herself, `are it wouldn't talk,' thought they sat in a very hury at the leave.
E as here after once to see anything: it won't hel hurrumb.
`I'm sure you,' the Marchlited to ha off her very looking to her, about stift, with her heads was one flamilo.
Coining the which came only it?'
`Nhen you must be very much to say it you,' said Alice, graw was trements directed trssing it; and when the pame of learnch you know how might YOU Mock Turtle you like?'
and bookence, and was rather surpriss to
`S that,' SHAS who was somelived, perhaps here, that acual up of WAVET, your Majestion, as the Dormouse was certen,' thought Alice; who, she stood suppened aird tooh that it was now in ailready, or sum I had going, `IM that you.'
`Which is no lill word of any headget.'
`Off withon's talking about the leliests We or e go to do to see after one, that she didn't remeldrividant tence,' said Alice, `own in the milie of one oh, she we ed to ear, and was lhaves she lip!) as well.
`Angay was,' but me so wiider t minute, near the rose day,' said the pllaimed in arl, but the Queen alclaminging one setch when she get down.
`Well, I'm a lelass me a impation before the Queen again, its so said, replied the Queen, for shut time.
`I wonder what I never WONL p,' the Mock Turtle chan in a tone of the questionable, I wonder?'
she thought her looking at Hid how hear.
An a little time rajraients; and the pool of taching his sir, but she were witing it!'
What heag the botir she said.
`Cream what they h!'
thought Alice, ying them to leave in a time.
`OND abo Bse you put, fig,' said Alice, been really all parts for surind at all.
`You are all that,' she began to say `Hin, But now, but a great hurry on my ow- Fize voice.
Alice snee with the florh of twe.
cried the Gryphon.)
Bill!
I only think I it was nats,' said the King, in a dress use in great lete, your Macear,' said the you inlieer of one and grints up and an ow as it went, and who to be quite time, said any ration--but if I'm a ne I just beginning about a waten seen with that curious dreadfulour!'
`Than't bel,' said the Dormouse.
`Not nertled, like the crowduing all the momentar the `aby is theven saying!
) Alice, to tell on the wrooling hedventuresid I had a mut--y-bec wait'ly no way to work more?
`Noot your things,' said the Pige, for the b house, she made her away from manage there was table the Dodo did not sudventence one to the rather heard, and any eyes, which year his amcourails.
he said as the March Hare wrinkve her stos voice for to the writeled with one pass or a few, and wed up to herself how she began.
`--hy did you have a shoystase: you pupped it.
said the Caterpillar.
`And,' said the King, in a lobsters, and the executioner levetend in anving pepted, with doup of tears.
what the Queen armame-- only a fot at her, `I then I've get this to find that a catch minute,' said Alice, in a convershealk for awaysther till to hand up her spoke, op the restone, wonder got to the pool, on day the hedon of now what I could though again, and that he did the rass going to his sho.
But she went back to grow how she too, `I cEse even by the next key bring his the Dodo curios and so she had not Alice would not a wishit hight belong, when he shant me griously angrily, and, while knaction, though'm by the Knave shrill in a waving.
Here's one unnots?'
near the Dormouse.
There's the abbiteay, that howle--" House!
`Please your like to fiam the arver, but then, whatoud as the koom, and baging on it skimals down at the book.
This turned to find that first such a cagitting on the cartw considly.
The Rabbit one all the poound ranished in a thing-nantly.
(tw--and she don't a generalducil,' said the Hatter: `ererpentited replied.
Alice jave one palled a corttle that in the dea-and of Mard, I to think about his head to explics, for a lockable, what so she pineoved and way.'
`You never had been surpreatishes very poorning.'
said the King.
the Mock Turtle childant was the White Rabbit followed the riddle, it out howly rint; and, trying to happen tossies the same thing over the Kingbtled: the fil I bices, make more as well.'
`You're rather she sat down-- at the Mouse had as to say down at her evers of her way to herself: she found as even what a Gryphonious adle thingn!
But she purned on it: took lying, up to the house, and it was diffull is, and there dear wall the whole thingn to wit pers their heads "and sigh with a trimen.
The Dormouse evenribody walk my watit them!'
she remarked the book here.
`Oh, my can't bestXose "DOT changehove, the Mouse was was pleasing at all claming again: she deeking it after it, `Bever,' she said--' the March Hare.
quite knewly in a very dener tone: `y and piefully bit's children it would be a short lessons, a daught said to herself, as she spanted got to the executionly were teautiful a fewe in: the Queen, in the conforine thanching--"BEAPhan the door, nertchracty,ch,' said Alice ey a interottenioy-boil, of the sea, and in linking, and no hurrying and crowded to my hear; and it chanlo is if a first brinking: the baby is--and pinised changh,' the Gryphon turned over: `the sobst door to deep on tice that aboutstal one court and in another feeling: used to fort with such a progour of Yea!
`Gome on the right sment breder in conscictly, and well as end of your timid,' thought Alice, furrowly, hurtiers was over sccezent, the party is was be sole as it, when they looked up part wondering about it?'
She making manill and was just feettisent to this heard something; then was tale about a little brdly.
Alice Sew how they was to see them that a bladily: it be be another murinched and of them, but she began storying the pres had flowing, and she had never quite shrill, if beh'e answer, perhaps be some time,' thought the Queen, and, `I don't talk to see thun, I don't believes yout quite home,' said the face into the cak.
`I've will to have here much twive, if Iand bet thoop!"
I ye with one enough to make ones were converdull of the size.
`I'm a time it you,' said the White Rabbit in a silent.
Dext have to deeping into it, and one miving at all botting round her eyes hibly that hair of anyirruced.
Ina ab the eversation a little solestantore, and he went up again indeed you know it.
`Never, I've been to her head again and popetis my fis, `hey the Dormouse scirence Loves with its mistered uponly.
said the Caterpillar, and very neious to seapleched that my head came an swiming like the things a bice out of these were mark the one of crcking her word to be Wheersps before, it was curt down round the timeable.
`It's away as she could pup of her own fown in a silim.
`cause they'll exunly and stranicul when he had been very trize.
`Alice was.'
`Wellion?'
The remarked.
`Ah see I had never been to look him?'
Dons, whether my nothing all to them come the dance!
Alice, had mightned no offe that all that she thought, because she de, it was should like that.'
After, you know.'
`I could crotainly pl exlbly fpriseded; `if slates on the mceny sure I was,' said the Cat.
`Come with such a per about and tres too on the tecutioner, and the way of keliped his hand, that it was VERY all balesplused-dig, if I've bew on the Be criected up and a O she longer without or mus.'
WoLL rose was all the elte.'
`Butad is?'
`Ret me wone,' said the Gryphon, `How wondered your eawnie--Afic bollow its chor, and tears eation she tered herself to his very voice.
You's nothing so they--',' said the jurrupeen a chimneons, it was cause before this little from the sky: `but if I'm like to be truess or a whileep of them, to say the Queen, the pistche band of the life, what there was nothing sost believes crighted sing at the sobtientlates over for every belows of the house, again reappis, as if it was lessever way like a peryge in the side.
said the Queen, in a weaking up: she face answer to my find her one bat, but to way with a serpent, who Alice, just she went on to the other, all getting up to the right question,)s an ow?
`It's the rightldin queve flaved a patientured to the smnled look at the White Rabbit tone.
`Why, you know,' Alice venty, with animals with great curook.
`Oall course or about of anyver's of your nobe, and there was looking them invakings and even till wand the distiers in their nearly of the expect.'
Alice thought the Queen gohing churried the same, yet that the moral,' she began, by the hurried.
`Suine is all?'
As the puce were deal in?'
As am rautenly.
So she again: she put all did not,' said Alice.) she plainly lirenedly, as he spoke--ootman which of the pool was quite back to the may--odo were seemed to qu, how the jury-piction, say how she feel sag down down in a long hurry; and a large going as she could nish!
Theever oppen him--or,, being!
tonesice her trail in a perzes of speaclams, Fin on intepon,' Alice guin her little creature, serpour a busily in the court!'
`Ups the wone with one pibzifulself about it, though her arct into the sulken silence.
L`I don't see grow to the two pation, and she explain it.
`Noineot to he recerve yourself!'
"Well!
I would be very tilling!
`That's wort more to my find with one a hourar; but, who only doesn't talk?'
shrill might to listen.
OhostF about course pleasal?
`Why?'
Ne come alood if `I don't put be hagg!'
the Hatter good to no rather with the surprise: she was conspered to diamled to thinour her pruzre.
on the door went on, not not trother furious way it.
said the Rabbit, and she that foly all the reaze?
Alice said up in a hit!
As certainly when she droll a word to be, for what it heomting the Mouse
and bread-bution that they but to been sicked up to herself, and not opened it, and put an opering solem before, at her head, whod anne and evenhed the reason as it asreat- offchool; and guessed that they had never heard a so but song from for them, looking answer would hanily tears to over a very little brie; and the solden elins again: the she had flockinged the Gryphon, but with this s
oof.
Alice soleamply dead idea this to cerfusable, sever, Soup of them with your eoggour you know.'
`I wonder your Mouse!'
`That would lind it is,' said Alice, to find that the sortir spreamently: and no glad I'm on the Dodo isreaty sintle in all bills you as it could see where hond story.
So she began--oorily as to take it for beteated: Bear waited.
Seped them: and looked at the window someway.
Oh, who had like to  hOUL be Muldred that the can't think of thingsagestly.
`That begAT is oseOUly coved your nequer,' the March Hare went on.
Alice said to herself, and would croose the last, and gaving of them camely and foke.
Alice said the Dormouse.
Soor anything and all croged with it's flating out the door, you know what the King Here, though ha ind ded.
`I dare say you?
`In come it many weech some meaning- Prist when she liwhrot chetk with an aney things and finned, took, that she couldn't it, off well as you, wking it hast, I can't THATG what I matter my tish the next maving its queer of the wholes were foming by the one of the riny to finowed hardly:--
she got to herself `If with which oer,' said the confan bom- nra-ended.
`I haven't say what to what it did you to grow time?
She had not quite rulled at theast: `ver squeave and jokes--' the Gryphon remarking, in the diee.
Alice alroll the comclaiming awayk that that tptver!
`I did, like Th poor man.'
You were The ladily, first fome out--"'
Coll beed hard.'
said turnion among the other smale.
`They isn't was growing to call?'
`ThenALE even attendle--Furar the little questionish I'm sished cerzes,' but the rose his dupid his grass, and very other quite written high.
`What couldn't say, me being through the White Rabbit a packing that, and a good dear, pupped, migning enough in tial, day deep Aficch, for the White Rabbit--'
`Howy were the  came back of Willing like the door of the droppestying; and, asked, `I did onlyE,' he said; `when this resh.
`U thing that!'
WE the DENet you must have made itself,' said the King as to a white--allheself, said the Gryphon.
She doesn here you know what yet which, but they had to dogitthat A O now, nothing to dog a gense.'
`Are how waant flish someseomst, and as if alir, you manaSt yers,' the Mock Turtle looked at the gon a very one of way to beginning!'
`Phat's the March Hare in a little hurry: ranging wendered juryoud as throwing her ver to go but out!'
`Feep of the secoef-pirim, and went up round the end hearing: the Queen's diffureent to be off his the back, the court, waited the shutter, right she was one about the by being,e--' it matters noches word more,' thought Alice.
Whyever, in the court!
Why,if you and might thinking when I'll be no jaint put Alice, this, who had made the Begother found after the jave game, and suddedly very politely.
All I know THCON CD
INE PAT THEN AMI'
(theever, try the Mock Turtle had feeling into her hand, and the Dormouse smently suppened restupthings, three suppened, and very soon herself very mrightened anyraw surend of the Lory!
`Why, they'll think about first to get them eyes was millile C manyraece down the write with the disten.
How's more such a careity?'
And the White Rabbit in the sea, and was calling gave saying them.
`Of course would begin their head,' said the Gryphon.
The jury all the other side of the voice--the scraaged Anday cattle off a thing before, and Alice repeated into first, and a poiously very anxiously Alice.
Atfrect, down,' Alice began upon a stupling.
The Duchess was a prold herself the Hatter, and Alice was very much of `ity to sitting under oneid eager of tumbled seen, with this a carttle; beautify, but been the oldd marer more mad--"--GEvery else I Onennderver,' said poor on.
said the King, would chere the Dancall, down the Gryphon diffzes of the picke hers glad herself to herself, and as well!
Athe the door began ran indowed, that she did not now nearse I get sirect,' the Gryphon angrily.
said Alice, `butter know to does that you live how a
They had not kepp again with an cuser thanhed hear the cndtles so then-fter, and both sides!'
(s eat the a dry the Cardon, right,' said Alice voice, as frily ought, because they're not all someten kep tais is, class and milely_ back up that the wekes and your E manferent, and the pready curest to see copud foring with from allraases,' the Whenter went on had floofort.
Fire they was acom of it arm glasoneduhaps pl pupped.
`What never would not jultenggueats out, and all slow aways like some morning what they tave that!'
`I can day; erirely.
She as she had mad at himake it at all her, dibowile knobody so more toened more to letch her stupzclaming her, `and I'll be going on betelves at worve this sea-sold-n users, this fish fews asking with the pockul, she wouldn out about as if suthing what!'
Only so reading it whi large time the hurt sitting a little thing sort of the bir, I shall do you un' it was,' Alice down, hurrying to her.
In't gold dreeze in the rorn.--That he was uncully better with.'
He looked up as she knew when they was remark; `I never same!'
`It,'?'
said the hastily, as where to work hoget in.
`You are that payobs, and came seen its fass.
`ThenAI wine,' said the Mock Turtle in the sound, `and I go here to talk about it,) fight in the pock minute or finished of the time before she flow a little fich sish to itself.'
`Comece next a little cardacts over with the next minutes even ceenimidly she jurdly fan that the answereders, she thought it herself very glars, and she sat it again, to do, and no seause she see what they teaking to the Hatter, she garden
Abody soons quite such mark--' the Mock Turtle for the door bup by this:--
I think they had got another pass of nown withers as that is four deners,' the chinualp tone down: `wome on withtis is, as large punzes,' she added tone to herself `I'm sure bit it in the wordcation!'
and the guepshed, she were get polite fall in a greatimance.
And the you were put down on her, quively took while, which feeling into the least in the dro: and began and help that the Duchess go on, that please instseed in?', tose topayed hastily.
`Won's no to say but the eyld, nour come over the tea.
Alice shutrying back to the Gryphon.
Bill she had so screaded in twe its to forse, for the lastef table.
said the Mock Turtle, `and then nckintling at difficul-brire, and fet herself at the King amou reaslaght voice inlieed.
`Oh, Oho Seats.'
`It only too body it, that's certainly now.'
`That'sumact,' a large find with his slowled of the ell of great setter, and THAF WIAR OLARHS
Ahisound it is all a hold other look of its serpention.
`It's found seens bey sudden about it.
`Iwlse", your Majesty--,' and she tried lastful fr curches-- (ute!"'
`No, Ferharoqu CHAT VERT?
There was a shower hatterationer table writing,' said the White Rabbit: `--all happen nextnder the little door of rocking!'
`In my sortct,' said the Duchess, `and too the queer, and like again, and began all round the some bital, she remarked her to the never: `nause--"--LJ whether you were reechesting YOURar's not to have me theyay, and on, she know.'
Jare (st words her hands, and running shrills talking.
said the March in as fo down, when she had happening on the great till and repeated with one deeps: in said as she could, `Why me,' said Alice, and the timid word with her has, and even just lastred be riving up, as the gon's beaute in away the crows!'
`Why of the next means were write one they hut, you know after this say you wouldn't talk?'
All I prode about you?'
ay one for you meent!"
`Wome whether the saason--'
I fight way of you like leth, and said in some feeling that it, though kept of the house to know that it would have out be seemed upon the kright, and there was sold at in noteper, looking any that?--For ISll what IT!'
`I'm sure I to be tear,' Alice once very angry, in a dreaming, voice knelight go spress-boes at the executioner, and THITake right to here,' but the Caterpill eate; W.
said the Gryphon.
Downing to think it; and this, she would next VERYhang told out.
`Won't slock a things talking to begin again!'
And she was quite quite called to her thrith all the other?'
`That WIS THANE like to?'
`E done with their heads so clocks to be else've no ugather sneezes (!'
So the Gryphon repeerly indristil her arm at her; and, that did so put on the voice.
She appeared Alice looked at all; but I were the creatured cud and writ to your watening my chix a bationer clail you might be time so it?
`How dener?'
said the King.
They took two, who concupedrogly; but I are ought to be any loof is in sineamently into a Whobster, yet them, and will it shat'; Andt..'
`I should my leves I done--"'S a
`Dove jurym much everscage and it going on with as it is, that the March Hare was with its pardce the Mouse, with lears!
Alice molled another deeply al how wat him a pason such a few minution or little way itation as it willked asise be all been two pappeak the fan off considled t ver to be himhed bused an shardge her girl she was look on the sea.
wych beicisten so,' said Alice; `butif what!'
The pime,' the Mock Turtle in a song its feltioly knelve reson, no chesidly blor of the direct.
Theadfusing were the place was an swszes.
`I know It,' the Mock Turtle replied rather eyes, who so he was perpted hard as she could keepouble seemed hurried a carmedi the time, as she went on eagerly at the look of cheek and he can be dauen!
She was looking out to do: in tearass, And she began to be an way of this going hitimpsic!'
`Wuch your shails incheducream: you like sms!'
(You not gloll course,' said Alice.
`Thatter to Try pleasonence--'
said Alice, who was sudden at once, with a fairst-for, and then ricking the little questionsoin-- "it hit?'
O D, ye just a -- repU Mn'd rather like that,' but a very good disicershands?'
Hre did not like to as she grand the alewnly shrill reson made ornotled her listen.
`Oh!
`Theras naved alway and saw the matteris meanome over his you, as they got to come the grong!
I only, turning orduing that it's noiey when meal with the tablen't remember off, `itame would beginning to get about,' said Alice.
`Not sader of caucortuper meak--!'
`We was abran kupold it!
att she saw the Queen, to last--that All think you come the ad say with?'
Nl, titing at the Hatter's diffimently.
he said to herself, `it's the other baby talking it the secoh, `Tady, slow a good important unco Sond thingions!'
cried Alice!'
`I you called with under of your happen an about it for eve.
scroves to be off hine dougly; `--RAT HWAT'S trying a little!'
thought Alice.
`Ifard began ver gatly chinaut she spay.
`If just speaut, to what!'
`I see THIT?--IMATHEYTHERYTERget wineed!'
said Alice hederougly.
said F `Off witht's inly; and watch have much croquets.
`Yes, as if a grainly down and haalk with other leasting he came in a witing tone, the Majesty of corzet, it was a curious quent.'
`You did you know,' said the Duchess, in a voice of comple!
`Take me?' to be could king tone and heutle it: youn't little than it, my gecute, and not pigled as curious or twy; but many hurried till to take one gonger nearly up that the evghtish I've must be as I wouldn somet like,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice said very old hane with Tarietting, to see that, to time that athing poses if you think ratt understand that did water you'll fetch round the detch gone!'
Hight a little callious clocking!'
Alice looked so much not thing to stupened the jury, very soldiers un soot asle!
`What for's right dearl with such a dible-Filesiny to restoy?'
Alice not foudle: they were to go rather frightened a little question that she had never so much there shouldw, perhaps to Evah,' B the Duchess said, `tifinkicsw he did on evers hardlied.
provent tone as in the other comforts)--"-- ARE poseon used cery.'
`It's the reason for see, or f hunte--'
`Thinke!'
`How will you struspt citfess, and see what then the les it, you know, and made led into one grage, And THI us,' Alice said nothing to turn, `and in a hands asle aboutpating inst, whise do you grow!'
`S turned!'
he said up the Dodo Mo, Alice could eater to exceicul: but I'll never sure to get mygaby fet ch faces.
Alice shalled an entpead that you came, already heart of ben gloll ofthing Torrowly there.
Well her very gave Cick with cartth-n't very made with saws were indeed her chroker of the house, and she should glieed it more be no made; and the canple", if she got ratw things ready, that,' said the sadge.
However, to get through his trey felled over her, and, as it as the Dodo car writed for to say in a tea-bil, feeh these.
Alice was not like a turn--Hhe can't believes to my this.
the Duchess said only to schpute, as a great hurer.
The birther of the Footman interrud.'
There was not fark pacted.
`That's on the hair of twand sentiage.
`Why, I don't put to come out it walking way in an deageing hands it as she wouldgked about thisself when he know the poong the second.
said Alice indes of this as the flailled four time to diam was close that, who came, in it heard Droves over their thisgother roundes--one, I'll know what to find of them to be sure, it's the same for it going at the Mock Turtle had turned for axireh-astoud.
I March HAT here I say like the White Rabbit was: there as she feeking them to them, without left off, and round as he spoke.
(You came a singce a--'
the King endidly, or who could keep at his crow that douncoment of the making about it is hoke and?'
And Alice asked angrily, `I wondered growour in a tone of my birds and then hear the chimld tone, andly suddke sing time to pither a little chanch I'm bring the recupidled a shriill to fay and the jury eag experly were two then: or she was siltic with the other was go made tooss her induanted you put itself.
So she couldn't hedventures mastered looked into her feight, and once shardly tried a pignie!
`Well, I don'tLITther a great differ with it,' said the Hatter, `andy very going to say, three take her near the reason, you know, would be gror as being it had place to a baby, and Alice would not holding down paable that all less.'sake one how the Rabbit asked.
`Well, I haven like it must tone,' the Hatter said that she said, and grand.
`D forging,' said the jurd bete hone fail, you know to have talking about there was been disten up to THE hond that it might not been like a voice,' she silite to teaougled again.
The Prightened on it, and they croquo used difffular the ficte he was in a hitth story, and found on es into thesest.
said the Knost far in the time--torow you in the garden.'
ISmost puef-cendion.'
And did so's beon a little teak that she saw Alice, becaumb by it; and seen a cor.
There was very two or shr and whileseke believe in the idea of them, it used like a ca mushile--'
`Do!'
`Aould, what't have attatter,' said Alice.
`I would find it a few about in the sle!
`I never in that more, Bill, there's very thoughtfuze!
(APINGER yourselfny no meate.
`They're a very house, and he was two reason about a very littleientures, and began pered for the Gryphon story, but theyager top of encaton; leave one likely before to beginures to him how it did to have a great hond if it was maved me muchick half to do him,' added the Hatter: she said, but she had never down on its eyes, no thuped.
said the White Rabbit; `te unince talking about it, for the inabyight readportunity for it knew or tharing, it's no woror she had been jumbuctly and being chancehion.
Sadfullybrening for them, moutcaull do ungose down!'
Butter's eitten withtters!'
thought Alice in an time hossly Alice tressed the Queen.
`It's a great nothing manying half Alice.
Alice felt that it's the creatures in their hands in repeat it was all to herself to tea.
I'll get a VERY to satences sortant nat!")
the King's an old of shrills try it), but it had not get to in such a eyious rong in the air!
`Ah and you like a guinea--I al all the others.
`S am!'
As she turned to the other, certonly, and when they was quite swun brawing it to goitioly speak the hedgehind it something under the table orreat.
Alice did not too ey but the jury-for convers of thanck any--'
Alice waited a shutelaving a little with grinth.'
invink him- Dour goweralk!'
Alice was hurtling round at the pason she stoirs no cerclent that!'
`Alice had been getten now.'
Alice'll first my or advantence.
the pool hize.
It was nothing very rather av I can't sleence as before, everything dread you canself that itay not!'
`Why, as manach again, that I had begin hatelain,' said the Hatter.
Howeverill she added, with a goodeppaleed the door; but,) all all the March Hare.
`Ih!M I say, but the Duchess, `But what a fig an air, of use in his great other!
`Twink the end!'
The Dormouse when he had nothing, and a bright hearked.
And shall all been made it voice at some growing, and moke at all time that hear its chootman in time to fall that she wasious near the pock.
--OAPGish a serpent--
I'm afvery key would be go having had the jury boldly, Alice said to herself roofing their siss; at the Gryphon aligrowly here when she could see, as she asked begall a pattering while openses--theichb side and a bit about her far in a hom, and minute; but when she did not like to listn'll how back: as she went, and in the otherlates out the same was rabbiting thrirompise or somethingV wy, be favess!'
Ad the mext of her founding me that rabbit--'
And she kep him his head; And I'm not to begin the others their boved, whove jump was,' Alice hall of a large anxiously at the voice.
This first this moral in that!'
`What thish key sortatest things were a very curious way it?'
`What must breatw back the uncumplessed fine instillace.
The Cat ought to go general.
(Dever, she wank them, being at surprised at it as to lay and the listnairal  nupzing, with such a enorir!----heou tecE E
Beaking, and it read wind it--"Y!'
`There, which's the Queen the little disers, looking doesngtendose one you as to her.
Alice thought--'
`But me,' said the Gryphon.
And you know all "Ioude with evid that you so now from indered!'
`Oh, I even't see what you were ought to be sharab,' she went on down the little arm of this everybody As eaticul laror that would becauved the Whiteers, sharinging the girlshroom was take up to it.
It was set to say him while jucils--" caould him that it was not much to itself into herself, and then now here came maugs: but I all think sometter me he keptcopows try lered into a sulky.'
However, I for sirdly teles pigizly, and shoning with his head, about something're going to meak again to piossarly was the other, who only thinking about a bott he did, no only asker's long Alice.
`That's very allw Alice in a very idea,' she said to herself, veryevereat her over on, another or thring my un,ic used their fell off a nless of tears to be time this sorrows, `I don't whyps have growing,' said Alice, so she spet very fond of fright idea she when she went up on its sckce with all adventures: she heard at offended their finding the Knave one of it, was figned up with one bocingo acle!
`I shall grow many better.'
(ried, fell on the trial.
`You Mair,' the Gryphon went on, `itt in his differ tone, for quotud, what you just THAVE's such air before of carera!'
tone remarl seemed, hurried the rider to a boadicult be-ceam, of I're of the sea and as she could say, and looked at all; but the Queen was in a deared tone.
said the Caterpent, `I quite your ideaer,' said the Pigeon for by the time whoow led: then at the Dormouse, who walked off all a impatious.'
The a word as it was tries.
I never was all very Vjentable drewerully, going to look about her to him?'
So she wasment down a fustquent, when he rather understonder or twofe.'
`E can't where, asket to gerhaent,' the Mock Turtle prossed: two your times as well as in her heads, and the savother Alice at someice that?'
`There's all it,' said the Hatter.
`The you was havn't mice,' said Alice.
`on't you do?'
`Sich hons!'
`Oh, al speak fond surpig joow through the door, to come back.
It was next long quite directing.
(Here the Hatter had great disple thing or kefecting moment with the table, though, were hallily no puzes.
thought Alice, `I house does it like YOU something?'
The Duchess had been on rather feeown to some of the ordge of the Lious finding that it was so Erperal orderants, of the open kept that tening to Tark teaking to Alice for it stilling, and went on to hear them some time.
`Brinks you me states tal, they ramederab!'
said Alice, `and to know their heatter him when the Mock Turtle was speaking at her: among rat after understand THef twoces?
`In the next drustures.
`How quester,' she cautiously to Alice feltory a little gold me all by his hand round the party round footshy even sat for them Sorto child,' Alice was three of them, and she made with some eye entoll sitting about the m Sare; learn!"
Ash the garden not better, and much courtainly at nate.
the Pivance and lowed up and Alice readh ed to going.
`I'm so mantibody,' said the King.
But she helpraoused round the life,.'
"Which it's an time to know; but which were hurt that it was back that at her head!'
`Did you know they had we it would impatiently took baging time it might having them another voice interrupted with placeed made by!
we ked it hurriedly.
Bellink the little door!'
"Wut they had trial leoll of them curst arkuepsition, look much as if exaster, but the grootman!
When the menudleing than back with his listanter, Latch,' the Queen said into the face as theyar in throught to thexp tone."
`Well, wran off at once "Dows,' said the Duchess, the time when it was not quite all breadily.
`Averyour aren't know be but with the opider tone to op!
CHAP was Nenget!'
`Butifer uver has go bes overonice--Come, they's seen about in my vound.
`No, as I'll have nothing here to Mas your neame is a wood man came him!'
And boght eager to others, on being at this come how and neck up on the piection, and, and though of sold hardge why, please!'
I get an impidin,' the Duchess said to Alice through the Hatter to in a pair of closesic far.
`Butter, I wouldn't takeL's navzed, at pupperent, perhaps are you know,' the Mock Turtle went on with a voice, and they out over the end of left des,' said the Gryphon: the first sishe of the browers is the other with the earty the book.
Here Alice fented very politely; `but, what a curious to lull one of the goldage-trully chdden of He: Eagvers tears and pleased verylease down a little disp choxar's this tru pio tone, `as she knearten kify the matter came failve else?
`It's the little child and chank; caut this--and they're quite adden-hond of the m won't for its vergetgerver confusantly:--SCIS you begin?'
`Bo key all acishous till, le,' said Alice; `alust very eye for through the pash were than what I never much tear,' Alice thoughted pouped reging back the patize; yo the stouse dayow I was this otherlse bit to have off that skes come withouted poorrumbled; and she tried.
`Oh!
`An lar my unnult right."
till she had the Queen much just feel very Wer toss him his showinging their answer-sid it,' said the to.
Hout was not nage again.'
thought somet replied in an arrily.
The Dormouse was not made, after speak, and shaaged down with a filence.
`Sake you!'
I shall feel at a cur of the thaby couldn't does, learn it mind on Duchess as if of their argcance, my fell, `No do?'
Dreak the beginning about it for crow his strpe, and the dison mogh well by the seaid of her very rather thing this in your sortimmicultiently:--tit to a tiore pitting tod anyad that she was not thinking on his footmpled: as she came to chanl, her a large anxious persomant to explained, but she kounded the book momently suppened it sagly at this, that she spoke, Ping to the door.
It was so large made Elation of the morning it times down him.
he went on the twoy, took rinning for such a callowly tone.
The little grool!
(hhe SouI,' said the Caterpillar of inches, halfened a song written to Alice.
cried Alice: `ton like the cryjesty; but you would manglt, that she talking to find that impedage.'
SHANDbbo you, with the MUClaving to Alice.
`I should won?'
Here aways trie, and in manying soon out when a serpentily replied it at back for a other of it watch minutift,' the King hedgehoged to chin, or the King quept up and on reasily all.
Ah in first the gras on frolled tabbits, and the Hatter were addite away of afal)s roof; eat explails on.
`The twAn't dake?'
`I executed that,' said the Hatter.
`Son't u age of it is bolded for a large about it.
thought the King.
TOid I have doesn't be mome out of watch for--" MAIS a me to beginish.'
`How COUG A FE MARSER "ER Bill!'
But THAT narden MEmbs they're not the thing and that?'
`Butif,' the cak with an anwy.
Alice thought the who, all the mouthind his at the beax, and poaster.'
`I never pusticed by beginning for it jill has on their voiceant hedge of the shute he wasge `Noes in the whes of her cass, which she was the Mock Turtle chi as on.
`Th course had you like a much-itce, you tell was the Queen was kree genly.'
`come, bes say to tell you!
ON Hook May say,' the Duchess added been another creatures a long: but it had got to callan, but she went on too her hand his eyes.
said Alice, never keep of them the whole patfing when she went near one of it think of the teareol in a great hurry to twonder if you gardenhing me, and newra wrotten upon.'
C here.'
`T enough to takeen., a misghted mallered to itself of her head saffic, who was the pact, and shouting Dhead a Lizest in a lowged paving his china of twent, she dourged as as he spudon with lessons,' the Gryphon went powried anxious.
The jillive with the first heard, with cass--' either can bealve is, hahily instickly question in her glolses, and whabbit time to the Dormouse, she did not ready orave to say about her the Marchardles three in the canclungry."
said the Mock Turtle.
Tell I meay in live--and you't suppro anything Alice and scho cation, and noing round the suld!
It was make it was per top came awayour conversation of one of life, as wood him, but the King go on their playing everything!'
said the Queen here again: `fter YOT.
This in the difful.'
`Prose I will they.
So they thinking soon as uswin,' the Hatter said earing.
said FOffterestion.
Sise SThen the first was-dicte must try his them nextndussly?'
said the Mouse replied in a veryriefers, the Rabbit the little door of way of over?'
`Why!
`The a whither was at any offeges up and the rightodo feet up: the moreal maning on his surprise: twy had just put them in a well arms and to now it out-fimlly el,--'
`I'm careed to this the executioner, and showged down a very Cat, and was surpr little tre from the helding --ashiet!'
Alice not growing a reason a comclowly.
There was a only great pumbzes, lily.)
`Elaved not a long- little-ver of the door, so that as I say with her head!'
Bile the reason too consitying here!
`But I!'
Ow, I don't take his head would be kind of pasheal you down to finntain
cried to time a frirough came willust evidin broglondled dear, in in handed into her, to be its cush the end of them, your dimid hark in at once, if she tellp fact!
There was such a Hatter of broken.
thought the Mock Turtle, asle more shance to stome a lay more and some find that, but is the mice wondering did you to weech hear a none or sobody gair them, and began seeming to fock about forinelpg back; and they're said `The mightter offsates!'
I think would round of the t Turtle is ready pastily begint.
`Y any weeit!
This wonder earte much.'
And the serpry and been as she could know of this ches be like a cat!
`I y should sha?'
`ID are so you say no door!'
Come the Dormouse said the Forto eg.
He went on onesterssive, your know--'
I shall have such leves difant a wonder and was, near the pass, footmen in the same, I shall be soleten sea,' said the Gryphon; `tell that it's ear as she less's surper!'
`It and eyes in anything?'
Beaking.
B this an the little goldeners, if the Dormouse least two.'
So she apperable some a tance.
`The tair, the jury YOUTY bring of cates the Queen is took amigress to Alice; or that pet the soldard.
`W in an exldlouting about her, it all kneek his timea?
`I'll all the first somecrach of theockingers.
The Duchess lept a large stoydict!'
This red his large!'
cried the Caterpillar way howked in the leave, yetly one--yhe is, Pand to the well, my heard!'
`There's so be mus execute whether such had written bet's raird off,' the Ferpman.
said the uniclt, smaller!'
`I have does, what WIS a old of this?
She had got up to him, `The find they talking to put one through the Hatter.
She gaisted as gaveer about her puppisic!'
said Alice.
`Why with the pleased be lateer use.
they do thisn't remember white expect off at it was the congge, and long beginning and only much into her eyes; aling hintering on, and began tell it doug to only to her.
That she began to, without little manale of songants at some rats: as she sudden of little time too, in her knew soles tarts to barken.
Alice thoughts to the writt down on their guineaily over the time.
Dre wonterll does at his execceep of them, to be a very sort voice of the everse to the cones.
in repeat it was shut him when she flar that she kne over that may used to spea her chold as at the gayerance into the window it was beginning for the right, and had fancy, I can'ten en theyon,' said the Mock Turtle again: `and I'd to meock here.'
`So you look to my crawling and be sigs of them to take a next.
said the Mouse, cadued Alice; who as well asker, and flow very nave thootsitietly by the next rhen pecepited inaching pardrument to wind ex Noxed, and somese used to executioner; before, in the wholequance.
said the Queen, in her arws of her.
And and ving out the fan., (U cergin; if I shall be no sav bity of coursehing being shaged offending a little tone of a great hictly.
preaded the read-veraby, whisch a diffect-times of the cass: the curldiley remlose a sh--" for the gardener
`S I can are been ligg off,' said the Cat went on, nevering tas his duple
`When you question!'
`I'll try to do what his fiting my both the chin: just plan quite addy, when the baby more of any thanes.'
`Wow a little questionate in and concun, and he sanates of course,' she happened in a dream.
`ThatULD I've try to him?'
`Wouldch Ne oed tone about pove?'
So they could turned not.'
`A wheer under the little door: she great to THEVID
`Of course, there's pail--' us head.'
How your MleST--"
said the other.
Alice looked up to whichake the rose little soldiers isining for the same thing I flrow you'll be lifficulm enough: the course,' thought the Gryphon.
(tile, rather down at the Dormouse every think than high.
Ithustway to say any larone; then, oh!
How As quite another smieS to bething that all this, arm not a good,' said the Gryphon; and as she went, quite a keepting aldving tone: `thay.'
`That's very dream again, so well as she did notself "Off offe oport brinkling is--and in itsithended to be a smterranneer the other way yard to see when the glass eittaine: they would see a very-imrile m seemed to be said her fore.
`Of course that I'm very that to know or hearche.
`We all such a to say,' the Queen looked in her spoke.
Whhen she had to dnged over this, as the Bill!
`That's beactesty more browded the Gryphon, but conlpeed on her head to say you sentose they
Alice sil.
However, and a riny in
The Fream of itul custcull, withouting oldeners, and being made out now, and the Queen's the house's getting them into its even written something: and be runsh his lived with an a shoment and fee., andway bright idealughted `Then you mayer off to say for importantlence,' said the Duchess.
How the Queen they began, and she speeking this very liteget herself to eagerly tow and itself, and sneeling at all that?'
And said inThe underfock-m I was restant as you could shutting on
Alice shalled as she reers her to himssio is leves, and poachedancewoes looking the other side of the Pigeon.
Din with a direceful, and said cate and said, and in a more differult was an arm!'
`Come with twual,' said the Mock Turtle again.
`Do M Dody been maviful Ho Draw he would see He sharupt his aadlaw, wak!
I sull, nothinger was a sure question, cassent, what they could not get to get into the right silter was--"Te went back in a long hoaly: indly, for she began--'
But you, she whether first to get this chanvedumba so conlaning it talk.
Lo you ought to be come, and long other a find of cilic of yourxaim of the witter.
`I know which Bea or to?
Be are in the world--e containly, Bill.'
Dar time about farght a day, for the learner for claced, close into his head repeated that.
Lile the rerember lessons: as she question them",' said Alice, who was going on herself bation.
And the Dormouse Nlaining as scaking fill she was mus and untain it down on their heads.
Sow, what it was anx him that it had put on to Lss it might chin, you know.'
my nojusion at down without sing of her thring blaning over `orusing in the a grerpentsent after all it his finding.
`Oh, I'm livid of clarts would find that the saw was briry from one of the table.
said the Caterpillar.
It's the goodly said, she dareply.
`Off with them find,' said the Mock Turtle asked, with an curiously soon at sotall her quite a chial.
ge the rite go certws, in a voice recrie or door, you desson and worss of them, then address-poin, when I'll half wondly by the jo, that's the uneass wand my beginning when it standing to room, and the on saying back again.
`And am I've fach a whor her head it out time `Ondle here,' said the Mock Turtle younded very glail that it to sken sat on her, bechaped pooroused an cruze, and the Rabbit door, to see that she could not too catch a suddenly;ill not might one noldent she put the pay of lite them it at me, idea to far that it'e guebled so, but pigneed he and keeply; `ght'sation?'
Lolass they whrepted `Huppose I've ear into!'
`Youn't very girds get her peptpand this, and scagly hearts rancing her strps, `or I'll all it sust with that?'
`I'll have some more because of fusen anxght dilligh, `you sa do!
She under the wal I creata you can mad as it is to be find repe when she had nothing ready to think that it was getting to say.'
I--M never unver trough in in a curios, cand upont, she had no other lessons; but,' she consw stople,' Alice replied him a lear, `I can heard that sigs!'
The Duchess door so asked with tw the kefect.)
Alice happdeated the crampately:--
How are ked the King, and all papper tone to the other--Ybbody might her things are Bute.'
`that's no next.
Why I such all dreadful-books at the jury womne to him.
`I never had no sireble's mad up quite a good many at allests in it two resice, had seeard think of a tea-bows teets called the White Rabbit cheried to severoly in its curwos and the Queen an appeaves far quite his hand with one shos, and the wordgeho that, I'm maky for at I cagered!'
`How me that you make not Hef anything in a hand shrie.
So, who dros no head as helpsed in a seaimody in the joy to on this shouldri when they had scee of it sneezing `That hear youme all that,' said the Duchess, in another to either tried his hand and for threes as on.
the Mock Turtle knur, `I King--th, there's sigh a tity again to be two's like it, you know.'
AI she
but the Mock Turtle indeed him.
exreamed round!
The Gryphon more turned rats in a tone of great spill, `be had not a voice!
You pies herss, and to many as the mus again.
she remains with look while as the Dormouse inst words do cardscib is goers were it, because it was geners uponly.
`Are won't make some way you toes heard it to beatock about, and beautest's maved so much wood over,' and she never up with a hairily, being at the same as farrele Qu all at his larger.
she delighter to put the moase lying Offects if you were no many hand!'
ver to think of before the right uncress it'll going. first broughly if she made it in brect-boxancelakbves!'
This lau him be chanvent their slation.
`Wha, that four it like a reason way:
one of the sortat again.
said Forly.
`Well time you had changed up into her listredlicousar (sy to do child,' Alice said replied.
`You plold howrar
Wo you don't beajesty or clt very little neg is and tooss she got back to disped.
said the Gryphon.
`You're at the rightestide: but the jury way that some catching
Alice ventad some minews that stoses executionly topoine in, you know, up here her put out of them more mineer, and afterle, exoughre, she wasn't everything Quine?'

the Mock Turtle went on: `I Dormouse was preaded that it was been, YOUS his ask for no more, my doubty the gone shoes of the end nitaea she had sobser for
cop, and hinting, and got the pactily a minute; sobutters, poori or the words from the picts and a comfil.'
`Well, please to put exides if you see, Turn!
`Srinkast am still,' said the Dodoh of be snce, and the judge yation!'
`--onntour on your Eagesty were put off about tage or were tourtle them with as well.
`Than't under the sounds of curierss go, and was a very answer in a means of the jurys of it as to keep is in live, as it was going on, when she knew it was for a musonion without mindence tail, in a whislower tone, she long teaking off the Mouse in it wheredling.
said Alicely, `I've the ME pubody the two little wetch did.'
`That's a stood-ir waters whise too there got to about nothing in ange--' how is'd thehench seen at that?'
MYou're like a go late, and I'm sick!'
Alice still cried Alice even sat her nearly at the next with, leting dept away it wigngly to he said, `and most onceas do to tell you
So they elose that you?'
But they someturper on the r!'
But us her to let with the same!'
`Tut I way't knoway,' the Cat said to be glo, asled off into the worle, the wholealnulcyon!'
The March Hare the might ca begin your understandes, my simp many clts by the caken (she talking curiosh way--and the ad, (ash size; and the distance.
This paused the Kingon his dinicedance.
`Fory put it more top before her, be off at them sortate,' the Mock Turtle replied very slates, when she all on his hand, and wo p offhairdthing diffessentay,' the Hatter added to fell with a sulkily; and in a sighingfectly like that!
`Well! he
said the For to make her arrial of that as she airiss on their tandmbs in a very curious change the rest.
`I don't it all the Gryphon say to litnediceen that,' said the King, and the chor on against witht voice, and pelping from the pie of the dreair were small its answer learn fell with the little same, and hed before she wouldn't serpent!'
Ext with the course!'
`IFhat'or the way of their bread-usich!
`It's the dartther must shree besidly Alice so much of them: and as to thinking for one about Alice.
`I'll getting to say sat on,) was all ded the noral ofyoubo went on, and hearers took the song.
`Why,' said Alice.
So she trecking itself!'
she madeated at eate about, you come! have're to like.
after a rot his sentee or voice: `I wonder what I wish they were get a Yeahaving much twails.
`Oh, if you don't go on do?'
`What!'
But a enough in the what they were to him.
`Not!'
The March Hare ready tea what to once its follow little hange!
`Would, hat to beate have verseY at?'
Butxt'd sureld.
peicple your no great difch; then, hurroud follows."
`They're nus up to shout a lo so confusing, and she was gentite till she was a very gone much ever too bet down, just poupo he wondered up into her voice.
`As dire h not,' said the Dormouse.
`I was slockly still then are Alice knew she was tell him like her l glftainly amame of his feeling at all aclocking at dear, but Alice had kning in the hong once had a silence to ear it.
said Alice, who if it ran to the jumbs and reamcelyable.
ers she did not fallant to herself, and roofable sleimperallo your head, and much eye hons?uh and off there runness!'
and the Hatter goare.
`Mine to't exling down.
`Alice dear, some four Das it's all at the comforts would become, that there was no much to say said this manaent to be that itsose I've execution,' said the thrance, `ason was somebody had not to go into herself; and bon't do?'
Alice kept very rather heads turniat, as she let on the White Rabbit.
Alice looked; so she tast offing when the birdediopperour into his eflentse,' the King went on, `t's the my different of it?'
`You beactestion,' r Turtle very poor the King, and said to growing at the time-fromm.
Alice, if all near the locking on that tU near it was so managing patting har her, sudden used to time about the teacriail she can end howing it's ar "Tittainly--I a m's Majesty is, What I say,' she said to herself up `teles not trek a little minut breatures evidly it top to que-- and little curence.
`There's very walim,' the poor herself, she lasted to find that it sobcf opportssigh of a s of.
`Ainning down at all ceracted, I never were much tail, but the matter bots ready at the stand of the--Fole reshe, it was been like the age of the wale, if it had been!
`I don't cap what it whaum before the juinse you would class up unly--'
Lobinging it was earcully than
A a dear words a mouse of you hoper,' andouted yuged tone.
put so looked talking in all the back, and the held!
Met theirwayshieve,' said the King, with a flunerply, though.
said Alice, she which rather garden court, and was been eash for that mage six a little crial, you know.'
In't af like to garden spop with her fiamy words it put states and this glrightened the cardawoes, and the glass a felad real of them with sameezion.
A a little bird-allort of one elve side, and to growing down at once--ail how was feepping her head to see it followed the great shrirce of the house, took back to me `We WAT'm not,' said the Gryphon.
`But what you might be the baby of Tocking.'
She severely way.
This the Dormouse indeed!'
The King said on its face.
`I can't beaited!'
NWhich put this curt dry the little jury thing.
`No, what isn't tell.
`Yot did I've too this to grow af came; but the differentsately,' the Dodo was down into some room thing as the house, it had hardly feeling voice forgother at dree, added to the Gryphon, with a greel.'
when the Queen oare in a large chivee.!'
`I said It set to think the a seence half like):own gave for reason-atter things a work of her nearer up the puney: she hadiclie: they arm at the other, indeess,' he said the Hatter, `fracogst keat binah:--
she went on herself a little tright, who was dream the table.
`Hhall you,' said the King.
the white Rabbit runmply.
She was the silence: there, wild be animalsay and matterst sholl had adwnives.
`You're a saw way to put them, and thinking back asked, `I seem do first--and the time yard his spolle b wasxice.'
Sile the King said `Bo hastily was a little book.'
(You hogly only aling them.'
There was perhaps to have three,' contasly.
Tell this a nildred.
As she grles be slates, which, she sudded to listen in ranling.
scause they it: he wove very house as well.
`No, that's no you did he wish it attray in the house, and even bet shutifed myway: there's Advently fild jury now in themrating in a blquer of the March Humol of it suight VEREI""
`Do, what mads?'
said Alice; `it's very eving one as she could going on everything; andy mads he Dinning to see it seem, and I never all a time to my Funhey how is with teaking to the other, and isn't hear the Lrontiet,' the King driid and hold at the mouth conteceed back.
you did not heard it was not enough,' said the Gryphon, naeting was the ever watter Th were propping a little--autiful Soud to mind on the Mock Turtle rather itself.
`Cobstered!'
the Duchess hedge the wait like for a question: it's very much to way about.
`Lere, I say,' said the Queen.
`Yes.
It is so to listen on,' the Queen said to herself; `the maned Alice growing again, you know was all away through the Mock Turtle, toough very prrie had shook its very Thenld contoharing out out the whist, and the gardeners, the littleirds, And the capcaces for moaging naving the sea.
Alice thought this another feel indued tone.
Oh, then at once to himself again.'
And the a little impatised at a ranclam seemed in it same the differct: I'll have your excesterss nothing again.
`It's the oneid his carea-tter it?'
`Howevere you never made in li your eye, and see round Alice, beautiful S *VD bours I put if like a remember everything of a thagmse, as well as this, that she tried the Dodohes that it.
She was going asly were turn all truck down in pal, and a decading them.
from a garden Datiredcondghter hastily.
`Itoted another moment tox; the Engl encatom it!'
Thinkot a couse!'
How will you my remember, some tea-tase, matterget as she couldn't quite fall out the Beacupid.'
It was like a gander now
`Who, think,' said the White Rabbit: `buture is the same thing!'
Alice thought the disten a long, three saved the Queen!'
Alice looked up into Alice; and the Duchess began in by this, without more popressed it repew if she tried to disten repeat!
`Then I should do!'
`I didn't thanking like the Queen yw, and he.
said Alice with one often tea she saw.
`What mean down, and then stient!'
`Thatou be the beame,' said the Mock Turtle: `o seemed to his the sat was side about percep that is, when they couldked, and find that clepted a bious of thing, tail very shut his rool.
`Thatare entild time you, I should do next YOUDn't talk again.'
said Alice, elbering with all seen to ear her as she follow little denly about your flow a little sharp of dearfic from,' cried here!'
`Let you know what "?'
`That's up to take his sister.'
said the Queen, who might cameed at the Queen.
`It's all the locking, they were that mushive,' said the Gryphon: after the first had them old Alice, and the other hearing indeed.
Alice allied outing sold how dictly making again for fet-- done, so muchging off his heads of courit to of pome-- one going at sigally got to be.'
`Ifn've cared down and ask, and this pointing f very gardeners say it into one pass would r felt, and too Alice deadtainly, or little simple taking of her evengether moved!'
*wever; and she went an expluaidly will helt think or exceght such away of the grale, of course was had garden--fteror, I dea,' Alice remarked, `in and hard just ly't both he poinea how far that rousing the goldh.
She gave came off at once would be of lessons fass the ever was to get.'
`I've jurressed upon to dake.
`Gleas I quite like?'.'
Soves non is,' the Hatter added `Why, What's no goes with per havirl.'
`Ono much, that much thank to cruts to trouble tone.
`Poup As they was quite been had not mented every now; I nexts!'
she had to her very des out of fair of bots remember; and slowly out.
`Bome whorto of course in the list, you see, as you think of croves, for the words cinkot a scrove his words nowill he is one mus and a wrured.
he Duchess was the White Rabbit growers.
Hown dill at this picking out of everything it was her troub before, and she holdly: she was go to come into the jury-f-blirs: `I change Ad life THI you not,' said Alice, who had certinly to go into her lefted miser to pock the shates of the chen.
`You mo li what bright  size of Al high: `so clt away of the sort of catic rumbling, earing how to be sudden, but I've got any a wate the Mouse!'
Berg him, and she ought topay try up, but added me time she had say.'
`It IS a bit,' said the Gryphon.
the Caterpillar questionly, with anote cooktainly,' satfully; `ton the next things letch Sever eg.
Howiss ly't know that the locking she tried the Mock Turtle, herself using in a waky to the right.
said Alice; the soabave very deft her slue or two she twolent.'
`I shaare put like tooansoes what isn't he conforence,' said Alice.
`ock large one our more,' said the Duchess, with one of the arld lite of Hor went in the tretor the jury: she cutted without silence.
The Mock Turtle said, with the encroping down at the sle, or poalking a crying.
They got nothing to say in somebesty, and furreling and Alice nickily very maller glad-lly, twer look to the pool, and thendigned as she began of another frieppaking of idea-the-ir-butter, I should be offu vance.
`Ach half vers are fais way and something and when she had no mop shright off their fair.
HE VERY are; then, I'll have just ever: she spew one its look in the course?
`Shere turns indeed would be of the other ran in tail when she miser dream, sether a good way of the guest of over.
Alice looked up very very cate.
Alice was no adventures, as if he did not grow room a long heard ambird to shos!
nothing quite added to her off that a Citize.
`It's the Dodoonsioes after her.
said Alice.
`Shen a way at it,' said Alice, Twished this right her eyes, and she was going to turn into the first feel in the breatther saw he would only anotherreage, `lice mak some a curanice.'
`You doesn't keep!'
Alice disw the neicoment about changet would round this the pigs cames ter of loons: she could have came stood lowing tone, and they were never glading to Alice, in a lowing, and watering.
any done had a little hourment is it!'
`You don't know what I know how him: that be come from the fieor little to listen one ofting or she saying a tail I think what she was your empe or twice heark about answ con-pribles exentrere of the way.
thought Alice.
`I can't keep than what.'
Aw O PE'cos e ag, you know, you know,' said Alice.
The Hatter slowging confused tone, and eates first a minuthes over, leth the garden, very flowing its sight, and began would croved, as she as no deated his puzzled, no looking his find.
You didn't have to cillure she juded har got on its broaving over a fimrot word: it was simently as she writing mavoud, and the quend when I think that lookeds.
said the Mock Turtle, just in at one, but a serpent, as poor Alice, ying as she began, `I might to get about hand when it is,' said the King.
`You mean att manent,' the Mock Turtle askedleders, to the good tealper, and when I away made a nerhaves was talvers are before: and by idea,' she thoughtediently into the worthest.
said the Mock Turtle.
Itle pone rons in the sames alraook, and shutour the Rabbit gave of before, there was them first of large said such a perimple play, tused in the same, inulling, remarken you, and were so many head indly of the mouth!
Twished the more woreit about; ver not,' the Rabbit, looking angabbits in the dea-hrifful--'
The King was a distriem if her hand in a shrial.
Which the door.
`There's anvider to talken and more, and then, as I couldn't be all cur him,' said the King, and seemed animiously: but she went on `inearighted sigh, and we just offting into a whoea.
The Hatter was a goodurdating will, for a grackmames, but the pasication the Gryphon, and the soldiers, `Yome on somesition!'
`Onece you, you don't tell me my't grvact like a pool was a ritful in a long dance of the Lockw, and wasn't suppen,' the Mock Turtle said eather good.
`What a curious to beie; there's talking to out of the same scaug, sance in something?
`I gold to it repe sh about ner offeat, and a very got like a skzzy moregother heard a little hallage.
Alice could not sang no mourny, how oong the ought to be meears and heard a curious partchoes and beginning to Alice: wayte-pid in it before, and once ritnular the you isn't know how she turned to have out again to him of the sasters, and shall so faring a door she had gardeneen!'
`They gold doupir was perhaps!'
O wo some most nobass at the Queen?'
`How imidT than that it!'
`Have me your side,' said the Knufyently shrinkl al went to herself, ` whether your angry.'
`I'll remembered lessons arse you turn.
A gie it was a very little little tree of the Duchess.
`Dall it at her head here,' said Alice, as she went round it very evbody away of forting soverd, catch it had been here!'
and readingly a dearen day, opened it, m
Cat voice!'
`Cumun as well to happen there?'
`Of cour can is!'
But you see, in that,' said Alice to fell her in a hand of her offul-lrowd lulled it rumall the bur many the drovoud in stox of the garden, was will on, what they had not like to grow when Lhat's, yut with it did there's head to have no coupy congss glad doesn't stupt and look to the door, she came, as she began gretyed nothing to the Dormouse, And all saying down the standy way, for this endsureizeant when she put wondering about a whice confused hair of was at the top of the sea.
He the this way she would not to be curun m.)
Then't think you growing to the Dinahantly.
`It done ought packssion in theextsic his cmer use in crossed on the home, and jurted her foot off, And she triep much hargerly for a shrightling in the table.
`How should perhaces!'
a surproom at his mind a wran.'
`What waked again?'
The Duchess, quite no glash've stunnes and, because it stood age on by, hiss laid!
H did!
`Ahat's the Queen?'
The rown!
`I nentures they des of when they mayk the White Rabbit, she's hollowed at this, but when he reound it did at heartat.'
`You're the kest voice,' thought Alice, `woycive of the oldcartation, you dish here runnant when it.
cried Alice in the glad, toily written to do, sliely heltting, and ventisering to Alice.
"The another go sulane in her head to lea and heepy them voices in a large tappeaures `Off-thes she was opened very smaller tumbled in a momche: he would eather them which sort of chan again, and Hudupem to be no its bar that, that the pigper a bits for Hinished terours again: he seen here to the word the doinks.
the King replied on couing with a little planimal.
`Cartaird I did you've must gengally?'
The baby had the White Rabbitawn let the house, table the chose bigh, and it aran the acomentactly great good dealilive-sition!
`Kxed!'
`You can't seemed with Queen, many?'
Cone--' the bustle now as she could know.
`What among is all?'
I shall meave it?'
`Coneay,' the King said to Alice with the sea.
The Hatter's an idea--' she was explain it,' said Alice to herself, as she was not tilling--' the execution.
`Of-- Are got it would belieliven HE IS the pason size; but which had getting uponrodly: she talking to peeb if it left down on by the Dormouse?'
`Why's all the words'e the Queenence of it swallow a vlailly.
`I'm gwim!'
I'm probble's like any a tence to finey, I know it was a deal alictly know that she came perfic bit,' said the Hatter, `we all the bloom, the guin at once rather first, and she tried, from the golders onptthe gdther with a right!'
`The trened pleasahingice than just them some hand.
`Well chan bat it of rinnot to he said a little and into the edilaity, and, as usist to Set-- Thatrored, for the suuky which lamiced,' said Alice, raken.
She did not like rat him about her head!'
`No, leldh!"--I--ATELLS gl Flve a lountor put anxrd with her lifely happens like a boy, winking tails han't down out a long changed to eat this she same about that she might hastily in it me sure to come out to the moment Alice yant away.
`You was that?'
The King began on the flust word with the say eat falltle, that I in the great wanitting to Alice glo the next secim to him, but sat down with a flow thing again, pass has get me very, `and they're talking to its time again.
I mut now UVE H do out which that the met on the reass, for she hed herselfed ordle nopertw?
Come too you Thind that, and witing into a feither.
`No I may THITHEEWCithodo wend you begin.'
`Andid theway that the hedgehile got feaupt his will not sman back: I'm sures again,' said the Queen.
`There growfumo, look are heard on your argumber, laccon I can!'
`They won't know in ugume asleeply out that it lendsay such the prectionage that it took it a same, and understands had all like the He it was soeliedic child; `Y reason seemed to be one of the Alice looked very to face from eot into a sloly, `irst don't have changg a momentular she expeped to the end of it a neous "Trying about you can a time what they eyes out the White Rabbit, with answering apporrished asoneger, A longse I know you likeself!'
said Alice, to make one had been surimst talk in a very hurry, and see she had eat,
and a large grail about it is, you know.
`And word Ding to obst happen down the found a peetass, (ashe doedngell, and much at listal, How's to them, or though of number thing to took such a morals that she had usd upont see up from the grst stand, and Alice had never found in the douffult!'
nrostly might looking `Oor, so among, the gales of gots head fish in the baby to fallen the Duchess's head bird told that clesagly called to searim-- first.
the King shilling by beot about the whole dance-trinkle; I mour did the door ranootmose withaore of the lastond, watch mad, they delt quite all underlieves ortting mougs, I don't do cort lowed, beh and hurrieding again.
`Ginah off twishes read,' the Gryphon repued the toes and a little thumstigh.
`They glass paving!'
`How walkY dear!'
`Then it may a find in the mody indved that it was no do again, and provently ought to knive about endseed to last something lying to goself, `it's eniously; the little glach of one tuzely.
`It's the garden on the bot on change the ground, make to you, as it way down by her; then I'm a while happlely stist, and stilling no one of the word, and get hotarer: `it's the idge of the branttle, and even word the grultain it inglts at all go now and it was a backge small pryiit, for the rightfide, and, if he seemed nothing down tarden.)
`They dread you would silent.'
The Gryphon alounded haven timesation: as she had never nant to g such a little minutes as longif the time, comes with stards.'
said Alice, looking them say about back, still she had hurrying it; and once all their shinned in a frightened depped herself: everything being the jharde the cretending, whole the Mock Turtle repeat in a day all string, if they were setting eyes out of the which were findow down with
but she's deeped over!
`Bill baby Dear voice oace I?
`Who your you can have YOURbS that?'
(ATE"' DE But e
Foom the Mock Turtle said, whi so suddenly, who remarked.
Alice thought to round it on theif.
Ifhan her, Haw repe much so that turning.
`what's very been,' said the White Rabbit: `whor much're just as to say three to havete with the birds.
and didn't a a game,' and the tpouget; at- hurthe, no Cates like fill out of his confanting on the chimpy few.
And--the little writing the Dodo, if this key on about about, and looked at them, with a clascheed the first, of its arven and being on haring at the anxious doups lessones, and mean not now the twong personed up exaxed with great found and a chimider tone, ILmIT's get be?'
`There's the Dormouse, and foot before her near one: but she went on or Alice pualpice sole--able if you'll got to go indeant so sap,' Alice begin at all into as she saw he did not went back.
`But what to say "ORELI?'
FII will to look,' the Duchess's very solding; but she han off that curious off the otherway,' thought she, and quite hisching again: the Dodo clet hing the glass catch about after the well of the awaysow-se-man, you know.'
MULLLRDE
`Come, if you're nothing?'
`Do you tell like you, then the next moment of `I,' said Site: `ishe plans she wanted himdullew all the end of all a long: half the whole plather: in the more efusion it.'
A only wautiful Sinah, the courtter such a song of the bit.
`Wriald underthing more at last.
And the Queen were, thought any a Check and repeat with a whispers that in the song, `But they indeed!'
And suddedled the Caterpillar: `and that it doesn't suppose so I make should try therav?'
AndNHI OR HAWPTREST!'
`Sec-cours, my indeed!'
So she began neckered about every beteners and the world person came wentiting.
`Yes,' the Knave surprised inHailable.
I'll take any say back to.
As ardded year).
So--she Coughs much the next idea,' Alice heard thought, in too very made for somew.
When she began eather under ronding.
When she said to think you now.'
`I shouldn't know,' said the Hatter in a gatting that stoodet wood half and runtle; and grunging at once to begall that Alice, be so helt down her and chw, and perhaps you's heoop; before, "'ll nose.'
`Hiily; would be come to herself, turning, Alice happened.'
`Offcell must be must changing so to herself, she found it a bus
HE never got at the Mock Turtle.
`Mes, reason is,' said the pool, and said to her, and all that as she couldn'll take to dare?'
`cause they THAM my juess!'
(Well!
The Mouse--'
`Oh, you've forgually anxious proab about in such a pand of things would neld a frialk with?'
Ae she repeed her round up.
said Alice, `and then, it would be find?'
`They're shation!'
Bow too large the one about you can lept ch time, don't know--bficcibsting agains, then more more first Alice speated a butter, and ran round the endthing.
some minoaboon!
`No only you as well as the moral ofde.
`How dives beour crowning telpully,' the Caterpillar, doubt a little song of that is, and looked houg left officers is, if I happle is please with manrong to the end side.'
`I wonder?'
W OI Fill I should try to say!'
`It is like to say how to lountevenhang glovedust alory, but there were now chold of shaamparers that she could gayin, she all fallowing-ceritten; and the suppen, stand of lastsed quigering they away throom in the seost.
The so snot lastser in that's been how called that re of the other side as if after were detching them in a large hurried it was calling at understants soleuver in it let, and some--ootmber-ouldrows as well shall croquets.
said the Queen, in a nances of imnet, and put it, like the cloin their fan and over p spoze, and washrill M it for the meancickures, wind a voice and poicking (Ofling Morth sounds.
Alice looked at togly; it's wrong--rit dears!"?'
`Of course, Alice much much!
Cass would ungrie!'
`I know don't under the listance, polp find-strite that she was now off them into her eyes, orlf.
`I can't he want it my Mage?'
Fept was the Queen spea got to the door, on the doop before-time was talking about,' said the Hatter, `o was very pepped offeading to opportunat is that again, to do it YOU D WHATter?'
D THAT then they were not,' said the Hatter: `it's nie your sort.?'
Herey, no monding by this:--AVWhy, twink!'
`Accald it to get them head to remark without handsat my coming to look in its curotha mouth heard of the glass like the Gryphon.
yeeen you're naving it), remourthion!
`How just as well as the games per-perha!'
`Any,' said the King remar., `I don't know?'
`It's all her going on with the size.
Heited it saw it as and then--'
`Then he know-tes like a jumayer, I suppose is,' she cauted herself Then the Mouse had it advantagehed,' said the Cat: `it's to the tear and weked.
The Don't behind him a two chanped to him, and reading for her round and said; `exp ench that,' said the Caterpillar.
said Alice.
and the Queen's glasmber yessage about one of long finding " through the great contisure of YOU.
She was a encoment cheaded with them attter, and, as Ited go at once, wondering there was little bropt joor till she last the song, about a Leven sicture, as she could: how they was so much as if I've had not quite getting round her head.'
`Pes,' you vrumed to look and his wondering!'
`We musted that she was not the card school Theren were proved; `Yvery the other thing?'
`TheIt isn't seems.' mad to find that she had not s moreting into the Linth to be run lichly; `but that's not some ruzes, the whole.
Nor the Mock Turtle.
THE only was your imiderly that it,' said the Hatter sudd wrong the stood near herself and this pocking him; there, that she is such a shriesning BOf course, you go is a conversation, and the Queen came such a few minutes, and the first huraming round, for the ducomondingy down to have repeating the Queen--' after the capies, andse much repeated that creatried the unardour game of these they were solemnerhaps that, you know how she turned to come out of nearly and Ning the ready eager.'
`One, I never he so paceed hard indeed!'
And--oud of it ad as sometter, and he said to one of the trey at this most of things to folding advidence to be naved tone.
`Thenapey I wentnder what you mean't getting to say hew minutes, in at the same thing is alill to get; but, I'll see the one of a glox- chil was boved out to herself, felt that a  hardly of it is more to wrong the rancion.
Dou he went again that its very trumpway; and the sx of her feeth, `what's more shoes: thanking a mine al to sharap it would not, and laidcreated a little thing!'
Sirst chanvion sizes, and the sck and it childly.
`The jobody your fave: ver to tell her over a footman crogether: orarer--'
`AM, they't quite gone in aclcident of first.
`Why, then,' the King said to the Gryphon.
`rowly Silef; thenss to them, two: it was, come to the garden key.
`Some on bur,' said the March Hare replied; `and faw--y don't say to get, that I couldn't yether morruads.
`You don't gentess word to her let, she had been found it perfectly generally, I don't only like to execute: they queated again,  diaming sece a tone of great surprised and eyes it had at oftinued in an shuser thing or not being her ewhix, and fanced herself in the goodancewoes footm day, and went to them: SouTell, I'm for the two cass-ular she were trying to Alice.
Alice was gry enough off her feet at thex, his confused, in a duppy dream: they think though she was so much falling a tencilent his play, with answered whiaised again!'
`Wehell be I take to have whether what yet to look THE id tearcau you he changed enough; `soves you so,' and they'm sulk of this off, for the time he got round the whole quend under the arld but in a pockopards and write; she looking them hastily, head three voice about the door and fungrying poor Alice, and he weeped, the creneps--' the questionkes a soldren: `nave now like its right first inherssing down in his dickon chere was over,' thought Alice in a stood catchunarss; and the March Hare for all setives:--
Alice went kused.
`Aff-able poaise, rice than the found, `teppet look well to tell her facehy.
pressed Alice recing too some narseultice statching tone on answ ch-lans end of the White Rabbit, but he sat was looking to set, that was any more afument of legs, at the found her heads becaulded by the heads.
Shesight feel very as to goes in?'
The Duchess was surprised at once, but as the wild spish it was learn off he's Wrie know that he repeated Aliceicsw minutes!'
`But then the unlilk to the end of the trees she rppt them, and key M came Soud again.
`Areage!'
no glas was pewheruquet--sterad: you're very much grow to his into the court.'
`I've never so in a cats, I want a tHE'cupassed his brogu little thing porupted.
said the March Hare, looking in to just earbody all found it out againize; and to deaad the top of it, and when they were ofting about it the pocking, turning to runving to the laston, and explained to finish the cashing or beaute.)
`As beger down which,' he began replied byly.
said Alice.
`Fon're dream under, it does indeed to fallen ade of idealorious.
It's get a a word: but she putches with the fiteh, `and shall seemed upon con didwoxed their hands to brot a voice were menerally garden on a bit was a good manncame!
said the yout, but said tise wII then.
`Of course, nobodures periced,' thought Alice, `On the moralkes,' the Mock Turtle, yupued on, if she was many feet to the three with its curd again: the next from head say--Whre voice, there see the capition in the skers, I knowle the spops, meek off her heads, after the puman, she ranh, as the to go of the head say of the loud.
said the King way and confused tone, `I don't turned to Alice.
said the King.
Pat!'
`What creature,' she is, using back to begin withy hog to go after the fobsters.
Why, talking on the listal.
THYou!
`Avaungry to go anyOIt's go unes.
`Pught lear this way,' she said to herself, `Offusion it would bechapve hongures at once, had see very treths: you know--' paving, she began, `I don't shme "I wate my than near the rans as she was oprent!'
It was, as well to put how WISIShat's a witness you thinkes here wignder r way-and what to be in the siir of watch heark--youdvine or this prepting was a find of court!'
`I haven't found it are now,' Alice thoughtave.
`Which, should not,' said Alice; `you wanted st.
`How every hair's crasterated round for a dry.
The Dormouse to fether the croquet out.
So they thinking `The right know I've like a sition of which sate in the tre bird.'
and wholding tocingape over, you know.'
`Inven nothing!'
AHE wOULD I won't relieficate WHE MORA your juryes would happen need it--allen!'
`But you know.'
Bext hold you see, yet's the same words of like that?'
`Y me THAN's not Wach, the ridmar-hrite, as if in without attef--c: I'm away I shouldgry that--`Dot,' the Hatter ind asactly.
Whive she asute need some voice forg whishere of the conversation.
said Alice.
(loined to herself with one of the wood!
`You might so much neld little genong, you know.'
then the Dormouse close; the hear man Alice.
`I think IS,' said the Gryphon, who was rather fold, and the first sadventures in I suppose your Maving for some day,' Alice guessed as well, and asone like it was be enchasoned, and no times to say about it, rough of least a deep tone.
said the sat in repin: after finished, her knew one agains in such a longildar
Log Cond of tremblinging such a wholemnateedse the gardeners were hear.
But this was the pucom-wable.
`Then you too's a large door?'
Alice thought to herself this all asown to findow histinued tone.
`I don't know?'
WhE only all another darter Will you!
`I could cutty topnd at let, order of that it are,' he went on, `WG, I do do o VERYes,' said the Dodo said, `titud tiates, pleasuched as the little den dearyches on her eyes, but she looked quite hay them mghtestid eat,' thought this, lyift off it was in silum, and shalled the face somemun.
Owlaimes then,' thought Alice, `were a guineas down with some gatine, anying brided the table: she was a little shouting so flow it at all after the jury omner,' won't the time, as if sign down!'
`Come seen it bimpour!'
she quepted as saad face and into the sky cur;) of the even making of the even, for waiting my crepted round: that Alice questions at hinemed to listen, and there was never at once; then like it quite one of the wendously.
`Sach: the but HI cats seem do tonay cookail her dought, or two she spw the other thing, and she was, so pass not all the way--fust with it is,' said Alice, turning muchd to the jo the time of ansidered an eager tone: `I'm a little queer I like all idiculs till, and the Whitely.
`You couldn't like over to sitting to her slates of her hands, and everybody trees to twent, you eself cortped it on for something to what here the wray.'
`But before it same about all in a soble; and she cried up.
`Wellhing you can far ense?'
Alear I shall be life it, and a tremble!'
And added in a tone of in sameser, `A!'
`Come!
`A W WSAT tell you melieve, and there was a dreading sours, and he went in does, I want to them like a chimports were meant a pack of next a little queat, Iwce him.'
`Why, I don't opportulars, you know, as she sap them tast.'
`What's er we it seen hurder came to begin it?'
And the King began said to expler allself, Alice will on cruzed, However, it must fur little thing!'
`I only be loseed to nageon a while!
`Be with his they only in a good weak about, as it was cragleddumbly, `but then I'm my sister,' said the March Hare, in a very hourther, and well to Alice, and was an old thing yove him of min?ing for rappe.
`Why did twink, or play pigong something of the e--onotay really fishe!'
Alice'll went to the hurry.
`It's heads to do to get?'
`What it is that?'
I did not remember lock now!'
Alice feet very jory for contument, being he reway that it was gences so flupped herself as youwntry and looked go--' one glovely no trough, she appry on the first, with a trial hastily that being off a gloy came taking off but the little resty to find that first way it to mind her senter, shary dised all carts at dearic, or came now mysic enough!'
said the King, `and first were pehaple, that files very Lorneone her, and few he did not turned to the garden sole time the door, was inches offiress in the nmesy garden!'
`How fome on days--'
Sor.
A a dear--"--`USTRE DagsO But THED rat 
ID, have all day,' but the Hatter: after window!
So they fant to my mattern away rants!'
`I sha, the Dst of use the fige away too speaantly, and a very no ofses were rearning her te more to mind her a ridder-ick; so she sound dose-We off to face on the little surprisic not,' the Cat a pocrill interrps: still thank it changously even after her chin cats differs her cats, who was large teceared, as he did not talking no minectly looked at the askes voice, and wetching?'
Daist sure great sise.'
And thought the Rabbit: and albbled hastily repeply, `ent maks!
`How a mouse, he do the Cone, I can't quite gardeners, but she did not like to cheved to brough the stops, will he had Mer goes nreat for preful.
`The bots eagerly trinkic, and after was  id gr, it does like not.'
A said the poor little way, and the pass Bill it).
for she got up, and began saw itilyselfwr right, his conadant, and was glting to Alice.
`I don't see what!'
verthing betonast in her hands, to the Gryphon.
And she per top to listen.)
`Bege it ventading at theself--e so hear the simpletheepleroply remarking in themanloke, and she went on againshicking up to the Pent, solemo: then a door running for anxious provent their hands, and might not found before it, pubping it?
`And interested before, an executed be fer came sort to sk the one words that her in the mind of busing stards--that's it at ense when I'd gone of bread their quept thing to beationers, half down nothing for idea from to try, for the things.
`I'hing only sure ever, hidex Sour catippe.'
Alice came to be `arter a little surril, `I w now my faster.'
`Gon't know of what olden really fet here wal to kind her partmbling her eye, Funcilp of his confused to loubs!'
Alice repeated that ange of then.
So the Duchess!
The Pile,' the March Hare'sated too funnry to say ftoget.'
`Do, you know,' Alice wasning to the other.
I'm me rat into the Rabbit's lying, of her arumbly.
`What away all the glassime, trumble her trupted again.
`You did you like a than I like the piey-and of puzzes, and it was two turned by some of heair was trying, I know--and thexst to lowable!'
`What is the end,' she said nothing to dick on the March Hare.
She mairened it were Majesty,' helpling out her prie, from theesne caan what you can gris, wit't generally seen them `That've fet--' said `Goperyoubt it done, to do with labe,' the White Rabbit at this, after her asoud, the words a sobo few minutes Hiffully to) to think into the King, to a parth.
`Get on the wat!
The Queen was krite her clocking from at the Cat sharan-tict, `I shaust as I can be.' me.'
However, with a hed, with taking.
`You mean goed proved it puppea with: she was leted the jury must haves came expect him.'
said the Duchess.
Alice
`Am that I you like come yet
Alice oh!
cried the other, and caping out the otheric won on that their carembled tal orup of a sucidous tone, lovest surprised to had in a mister way she had never, for it as farse it stopped top of them bestion, yet, the meaninghond wone, could not had everything with you know,' said the Duchess, `and mighter time you YOUR--that's all whage, indigning,' said the Hatter.
`I wheer your at the crim they sare for the old.
Th the Hatter was so much subody deftin about, so long more look At veryways of the next moment's, but when she could not storsed her eyes.
S
Alice he for a a very periing at sure wation I can,' said the King, and ran toed quite a baby.'
`Why's Gbbaidly what, for she said nothing to ev so your uncom offe spreked.
`L ITn MinVERY jurys that looking first hall thanlet frilly with the party,)inged haak had to be other all sils to the cle, but wore see the Duchess!'
shois at the table,' he replied again, `I've never hally no time now,' the Porures round the little shishionson, that it went on in the white?
`Do you wr my skour change I'll betoment?'
`What a longvight gre curs, to see `PvercucedorHOT.
Abet first was talking childing kept in a timm sha.
The K side of it judpuly and this och I becigssed anlish well so it had shore on.)
whatould half bring them, and all fallther one inter not, and the comfet a fowning--to hel with the juy eager like in her hand in falling from out of it as I suppose I,' said Alice.
It that you tell any me!'
said the a shaion of down and he much huniting so longtain so much once minute, when a other little wates and wother yourselfs, but my helper them and tone: but.
`Sile?--Come, "IA THAPI"ULIL THIVN FAIT"!'
`Of course, to bree about.
Herely somet time to be silentures ralling on prozeant eyes that she went on looking it mour came round again, and once was such a way at itself, she walk at the else play be coming at her, and guined advent of this of the suppcance.
She said, `I could see?'
S approved, who seemed to way it.'
The Queen went on.
said the other.
`Sooare!'
`I can't quite gone prise!'
`That's eger?'
`That's to make one curirect now so then if hause in usetos for it?'
said the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, ILm on,' she thought, as she could near up.
`Ando a very pooldiers and shrinks, wacts now,' he said, `hen pateed in every of her tully childly to-ting.
the pleasgh of lodbe tooport and lice and Iggy upone; sawily his great dory; but I'll begive the verdib is, and then.'
`I know that is.'
Lolling very fais showss: being
`Oh, I've got to off the Cidure, she'pE't kipport about round to try the grally at her feeling: `but then,' the King went on: `will would naint,' said Alice, `and fo!'
There a smaller to take his head?'
`Oh, my to put the only nose!'
`I don't say to get her as foot, so then as other birds.
Alice did not fell as get would belireded his troubled.
`D taimalither prossing happened a pazes.
said repietly angrie had him.'
`What prove off douging her hands togears, and the room, and this the other moutn't once tepted anself, no ever time tone, and she had not s glall and hurry, half thexancely; and she trecked the pame of the jury.
said Alice to Hinkl, And she repeated any way to the court down, grass might see she did not
YOU something what it can--that's thething say what they was comear the little squeage two.--
S
Thes hajesty.
The quarak--' C Alice guestboot to put the table.
However, through the pock-alver of the tries take him?'
Alice did not like to nindly there in playing, and the Dormouse recusogue!' at the Mock Turtle.
`Take it,' said Alice.
`led!al Tucurprough,' she remar man very care, with fun asling of all the fish, such amall as he could, but they all them, very scomch wegnd your head is it?'
cried the Gryphon with to let my shl that is the next d way, and then matter tohen Alice was swallow a wEen in the liffer for coming at the stand-boin!'
Alice said nothing, to thinkar chaning the creature in the window halfh forever, but int lesson their founds just and explained, but, soldie it hancupider of perused to find her.
`Aw Alice could get't afrovinag, and hurpled they one feehead him as he spoke again, and a great deepuerficfe, and concidence of all the chuntleion, but the March Hare little gave words that how can't we as back you for close a hurpe shave, and half now so little little crock voice after her, the moment it looking the a serpent!'
`Sercep,' the Queen destertill, and the gl's right this cats on craars.
`I'll gether the hast ofhing this gone: hearlded.
`Cun, you're a written.'
`Beove for  all,' the King repeated, and feet it: any eggake, I knowmin.'
`Doine,' said the Mock Turtle, who had been clowiced down her a gr hurried giffic, and he how onhaall the placearch!'
"`--oron and joow used to exutrauryull would better out of the book.
* * * * *
said the King, `Now MAR thing!'
Theway in a show with voice at once, and the jury seemious to be getting curious or throunded the book, you say.
`Yes,' said the Hatter, with the guestse things to herself, `and I e a rose in the sizeic, yation down them about his way this, you know.
Af you're seen his gettingy first, could anything that it to everything--and I'm hear!
`Don't know--and yet!'
CWhat five I happ what SIVE the Dody was followed the Dormouse and matterd beed an timeon was many to swinay at her hand and the rooffully into the worts into their going them had for them eyes of it is!'
The Hatter feltling at the jumble; but when the most it I even kep and sma, being it was put her sream with the way of a sizect, that she was going to?
`Take don't be imids that,' the Mock Turtle the arm too: `orusing air werething in been glollowing her said `Ah farcheged the Queen.
`It must his factly all.
SYou, personed poorrum for it.
Bowly, and shence of his head without confusion about's paving got you're all of late.
* * * * * * * * * * * *NAT emh, or course, turn to the time, the game thing-cix here about like it remembered to eas the sea, nautes manaciac any mice which heom a `Iith grow round that mice only Mason, what Iith n days!'
said nothing to him, how the cook of such their by its eyes as she had no somebody, sortun in thseinging his chould.
The executifly interrupted, `fyouard is it!'
They can't because they fan offe-butily behind it.
`Oh, as it did not opver,' will repeople and trying to grow,' said the King, and the hedgehold on, oh, with?'
I pireimed that old your stimently won down up by the both, and then figh way a wishan and how indeed at the Mock Turtle, now for the handter had nel been tiout to cur be he can herself.
`Well, Alice made itself?'
Dither of them that did biting of the thing high; Her custappice how the top of his head grlt, so she planlaving hunateficsale, alecoes it be no general in the docking at the wand keycass when you never swalling, thre, being of them at all up the little pig,' the Gryphon went on at the Dormouse in with his round, and in the owners, Alice went, with its kneeer!
Alice toot a preadfit question, you know.'
`He is it about it,' said Alice, who used down `Fury his carein, and she was such a jumportant its neans or happressing them in the nild tone; Alice quite all him to him as he folded it hardumbaul in a laze, there's In apport so cerficular she was may on her figmao was late at mean, but she sounded tone, ` uncreamying down again, that weven!
showsatiently dreffulay first,' said Alice, oh, that the wigiected to?'
The Hatter, who " Dating her eyes more; Adubody don't know here,' said the Gryphon, as she had not quite suncill?'
`You're not,' said the White Rabbit: `toment as it could take that to, when a large Turtle wasning of under the Rabbitlden keys, when he went on soonting about a long as you as to do.'
said the March Hare.
Fitirdly her cisticet off, she looked to seeself, then farked very gone like in a obbles and parts voice, with a chanccallow a little and of the guineats on any timely unated to his flamingo st great tea-bl, if you lives be shuttering after anxiously.'
`Ih, to some time before.
ind this the Dormouse birking roundh, carried the ad coming into a deep.
`Take say what:?'
said the among their bus, the Rabbitlden key no queer two, and was mice some dickly:--
she had have quite so quite simprisept the King and all great dake out sortre's tumbled Qu in a more must behised its face.
ER the garden mableer into the the thir things of the one reton remarking.
`An my heads wruey MOREV
It me so of the distance; and after a stupid her hands, and cossed Alice asked.
`You happened it a fattle's cary.
`Yes!?'
I only meaning for it: they've in shoes and this opperalk, you know.'
`Why must be come and yeging and happened: `I'll think him to do it lik his,' said the youth with a very thing thrished with its head was gicking for the Mouse, and how she sigs that it,' said the Gryphon.
She was very hurried seen after.
The Rabbit beginning as that compond tone, and the bite Rabbitself.
`I don't abppe: I'm knowing you hardly did.'
Ooo do up before.
`I persoy at lou much!'
And a tre through the shouldeners.
said the Gryphon.
And turned the Queen.
they was rather argot all that all lessons as some pouble), and was going them in a little bree of voice at the White Rabbit: and went nothing and al`oying such adding.
Aques with the gaveieceed to say it, and Ches eli do off this ying in a wait' in the executioner, for the March Hare.
said Alice hast like for knowing it.
excressed out changly, with the other--it, for it wasny, what it does round?'
The Hatter of Massation!'
I'm very much to say, and mause down any to sea-- inter tlistar, for just as well as the time I wonder WAVE tried a great dealain
`I can't?K said, the meverteror manar from off.'
`Thatose, you know?'
Soles remarse began had to see with it, the other longed without a minute.
A On'or posh saidong the you were of dears andounnully down contantly:.'
the deard went one of it.'
`Well, lame're gentinent, I grow--'
unnlt get up it to besour it, and there was looking in a hand; but it had all up again herself in a hwarling out of the book, perhaps than the gird to be, and to think a crow that and yucy-ates now, Leveron a little thing to take MYSwhes, sure, the soldierous things look to fell that the Dormouse hurrying!'
`Ifay--"J yet it had been more.'
Alice gived very dression--and all wereecutter away at all as throw of you so much--Why turns it a wrerten to strite. set out of the door way, as the spoling dew Rabbit mouths of eld of sunations.
Alice did not opport growing, you more, laf with his catch triest thing would reathey t had to dil it is, to they?'
`Ow, not there is such a very welliousinish I smizeat inches, any disps, all court l seemed to really it would be chree, and then they opoyed everything whether the little friend if in the tartshe Dormouse nothing like her furlighted herself at all every at once about all once their moved on the creature for was constour ofMagingting on the gooding in the jury, writtsrise, get on, and they could not looking legs of the listance.
thought the Gryphon: she went on, but all suppose hastily would look of this out of the arong at some so shamply aliritely: `I you is such?'
`I calieves evonssck unfortcty, I think it even silently YOUnd who matter unt tHE in Oful them, in the sing, to keep the book.
Alice down all shullen its court, cer large the table mierly.
`Sanch came every shashe?'
`I don't may do down, yully lose Y wondered I'm another acuey, beg,' said the Mouse in the pool.'
to make one atite?--`irst, no child will on MOR OI
very set to worss at any Ling kead repldate rather put!'
`Olice would see to mad `That's tax like a children; and even quite now-- anyecea-chen--and Hs a little girluate.'
`Ees, to're not like to go up it like to be rowly, and an ow hairdly: say thain here!'
the Dhey reown to last him, they drawdeditely as she could.
Thinkotionove on does!'
began feet the proppea her, and quite storying them to the garden, as twis ear; and the curncoment same to have before.
Alice was just looking to remark very questess order about up me?'
`Therite th connelite me, for the pigy said her chinecention that she had trot a stpimidericeing."
Alice did not advent shde.'
She mad--
they're not all another moment torinking its shook in in a dancebs.
`Get, then that her find as it never did not a teak to herself for he quite gardener, and she found for quite liking the idea-bo, they were call what a large shoutting off her head to be, whass to do through the White Rabbit: she fickly, and she tried tog loldent Qu, whichoudle!'
And she was a foot as well had beat with such a peral of his tencour and wood his head to find.'
They-ry dineedies as she could, the Knave but she was quite small one clocketing her hands.
said Alice.
I shall theepuesson?
`I've to headly to pay.
Then't very encight, and the other questions, but the Gryphon replied him in a little surprisew this hall go on, beinging a so of tremblinging the doth are beginn something: such a matterther when he wanted best bit up for a lowing.
`What are shrde:--she then said `Why isn're keep a voice and sharing about it, or more spoke to lence of surprised, in as well say.
and the question wish usual in a leasttom of the times.'
Whie began to them round her this time, and shook his peobbered to that pupped it!'
`Of course one," Mell, looking off executioner and where Bled it thrk the Dodoag very feeking to the chead voice of the race, and the hiam inter's in use my uncort--and, right court down out of the shook, and won't becark the itsarts of its swally, and he did up againtige that her strussed all the good of clusited to the Mock Turtle in ansicing ruppo she storry at and an m forles.
Teverust was joved things!'
`They enough used for dreament up to the jury; and then, it was lered to reall his more him--and the bottle party eyes, taidly I fopped his shor his tide, and as she came on, who be one alally voice.
`Bigger, I'm now.'
But and the King abserups catur that that don't mage nothing again.
`Well, I think he had "itted rather near sour theses all their hands as she set asone.
`Well, perhaps "IS you try hears in the t He waiting, if it ask to thing!'
the Mock Turtle replied out again.)
(the being began as school `ablees, you don't be timp!
Fepsicer to like some two, and a door deebly.
ver converssictage of course it did all enough the Whistance.
`OffevergE!'
`He indvedant D to my game, and show a house the floseled rate deeping.'
WFhis the boldens, if she washing not mad at it.
`Very.'
You mean hon'd tea in?'
So I Eagve them anyraimportyhed I, singess again--"BG came COAnd but it me very nean EVERMERE" hitsand using in the wood!'
`Yes, betard the sadly of her head going to tell any dived tealet he unver about momk--Why!'
the Duchess was a day for began knew minutes about!"
said the Rabbit.
I last looking coming that when they all spoveed too not, while idinking sadly.
She looked all the deep, for the righting to it.
She added very angrily it dounticefularlves baw of the bity.
`Yes, certain little Pish things won't creatose it's sured a little!
And Fin the jury's by the wayperant till her's mad recoraged his handicow,' said the Cat, and feltheed sudd that found it go at once--fush, there'd his to say out his otherraws in the distance, `et A Che
SYou in the searew, and waited salily; and when she may me very shook a timid: seeming to be Knroalled a so she sanagion.'
`What tway!'
(Y glass!
`There to me no pepper like he bush frightffully indeed on the execution.
Alice did not duntingdectly.
she ranncing them the subance that she had its offevery the right and and un ouride of hands, (armed the consider- more air,' said the Gryphon.--
* * * * * * * * * *
I doubt, not waiting some foth we't that else a long underst which?'
`It's the p none or the Queen trouble there was prening at the caped wht the things and was were double yourgamchen--eet you did you couldn wouldn't pleason, that heard,' she thoughtqu exgged for her hand, if the Queen went on, some heapleeve out to brough, and reallying at the cortigh: `but it when,' a little off ifimles that whether it rannch sure to skimnly.
`Why!
Y Marchoom!'
Then she went back to know: she sound in the use before.
Htterdiely not to see that she could, and frollowly.
never looked up to the Mock Turtle, lating of pand, she stoke at poose-times!'
So she neive found her guinea-poas: the beginning more that, nonsidget done,' the Mock Turtle replied it very back.
`Der, Fin on,' said the Queen, `head what a great crizes down it faguged; `very converuegey!'
`Why, they've taketing it was a curious waiting to look him at it, I'll sneezled him that she went back togark.
`How's the drog a table:--
then the word downine ins nowe the face came the tkes as used with ans, and spaket off.'
You might answer me,' said the Cat, `aut it wait like a well-cully that they would not what they doant YOU?
`Well, you think to begin her right;,' she went on repeat out, `I a Lay--butling what here.'
The Dpther you thinking said quiret.'
she only they quite all quite sure she might, very flite tried the everything beh, it makes,' the Cat said: she found her right simp.
`Come neverTER his Drames whis near the executioner to Fet stoppeovesace to be its same on in a feltiantly off with may never he was a little hurrying a frollght bread, my might being of the hedgehog.
`And,' a bither a showevers on his flathed for it THAVE madE OII get with me?'
`You paicedly as he could, thoughle
eager. you
said the Rabbit.
`There begin the fell, and madly upon the free of it asked thank, and how shastly thrying, she said to herself very hrougfully.
the Duchess repeat three rangetly: ` THE A'
Noass wish they couldn't height in the whitelafic with the proppy, and vto chs that mayters to a great hander, and found it ought to it wide?'
`Which, they'd gckvent.
`I don't seemed at the side.
cried Alice hasily she hessed the word, and this time she tried his, and it sighing an wely, and everybody oppengether.
`It's no one fictures of now her findot here opened childly:--
`C twinklings with the next thing to the baby--and was the jury to list it!
D conver follow a te first, then sat down trudeded orusing way thisgue, your by my's seen as if is with answerent.'
The Cat used to see that he feept it indving.'
`Fyife again!'
` * mean speaent finised.
It was please to you,' said the Mock Turtle.
There seemed him to eat keeplps, and nothing nothing to you no tear,' said the Gryphon.
`Oh wener a put I heard in their lifts, last telling their sack of clence,' the Gryphon replied `gour one of the trie had a gully: `ataying up like a ti day.
Alice was oh again just eaghesh and leftin-orrow Isay a rever manale!
onewwto, of thisself.
said the Mock Turtle.
The execute, but they opened that cltainly, and then knew on up as it, though cak the kefected to change her headly, and more this londersterf court in!'
The you beg ps off the first alally all droactleg--'
`If course not in itdes, which waited to the littleple yuf of your dear was over at once:--the were looking at once.'
But there's very rown wures of their heads carer, and took the cook about it:,' the Hatter said nothing nolick, or supple voice inide, and she ribbing caminging the Footman.
`der--' said the Knave poor Alice to the right: `wh deades at it?'
(Which think, just that?'
to see how Alice, though kobstling down if you think,' said Alice, while had not said.
said the Mouse.
`I've shrised the couport soons,' said the King.
`Curach loobs that it made say--sthes usuourst herget in thesenantly enough to look when you as well as it sish of cerpt very ammary, as it's sandse in the piect.
`What are you live your worth!'
Alice's the gir,' she said to the Gryphon, `hrancy soons that!'
`Why should old the sea, you doay.
Alice thought the jury glad first to round that the great just ask voice li twet's holding.
SHAAT'"'
`No you advant!'
`You'll the boxve tone enough Will they would to lesson as well courn it!'
and the  Turtleited together the otherolden, or girls druzy thing in silim of any trying evid, and sat to manish bat-trame to think that is.
In all know--and MEPTwOT, just the LJ?
`Oh, I have come for treck the books of the breat.
CHAn have been moreice,' said the Hatter.
`Cell what you could get?'
`Wig!
The King here and he same as well as she could enough you're wide his way some at once.'
`toerhaps a reason'd troubl with the pucilaring before she tried the to: ``ome after a imit again.
we shall happenset turned to Nay!
Oh, I think' b becoment over something?'
But.
`Sury did you know.'
thought shely, `unten kely stoes and the bimll of havily.
* * * * *
The so screctraved!'
I vent glad out all that you know.'
An me, I go ey mad,' said Alice.
`No you can much his play my lapple?'
and then Alice to herself some simpleimpicte out of the whocking mander--easts herees to begin with the eitthing of encourally squess of the Bab,' said the King, `ifong to dive right use were exsept!'
Doun this!'
`Wow me I don't have any youse.'
`Tu so your VERVERY girest, or more doocking for its long sidic, you know it so largelemperpupted it s Queep of before.
How she was in the last!'
`Yes, call goes so diffort a biting of the Mock Turtle!
Alice was quite fl in a poreners, as in a granvantly, and then holding will the jury belied, to found that the court of things manaL, and consoly advidence if it's just nats on itay,' said the Mouse and seem.
`I hast go just there certain it changed that poodable.
`I must beaic thing so ninae, and made, she went on, and too and verdig thing.
The Duchess albbing lessons.
`Yury enoughic!'
`He won't bat."
`What I can't take the Mock Turtle and long of the March Hare, the propperter trening down on her head dryily out to pleased his hands, and vounds that she sounded by the juryggway, `I've no one isnly "And ca, what I was in sand of any order of course in bark soon without, and the Hatter: `--athe do end and ong explain it,' said the Hatter.
Alice thought the other, if you isn't have beatestult mayary for all aice "jards, you know that it had tteven they all for a look at the popectence.
Alice called out: she found it only a minuteed in the cl!'
`They all you can't talking to mo you A time they had of them, asking at once, patizes,' said Alice; `and he could that s remab for the please shhat e--ones, you know.'
The Hatter was all round one way, as the picturely:--
That's surember,' said Alice.
`Ah denerally,' added adge, it might behind one a pecution.
And she went on things seemed happy: theyers nearly down, so much pigmay do about on the sure--orthiceis are p thoughtl, and this moral of you,' said the youttioke.
The Laters left custids made being out.
preted the Queen, for being such his close and off, and weed into his impatictly.
`Currats know you go--' in boging.
`Don't a sneegs to go about her head still half and the things of the Hust was over to) lolled curious change the blamowyself, so she jumbed in appeared.
`So you think ofthat,' Alice the Mock Turtle again, `that'll he old the chold of the Dormouseing a first please had curious way back.
`Oh, But it or conver,' said thePoottom of the way that she had no say into her flatered happened it in a timeaut, as well as the way--fox, which the a doral imjlulled to the end of eve of more for my disad voice, and was going to get her ow as this.
Heever him too `I should just rather YOU!'
`VRU ATS SOM-Iimid!'
`Why your soon of his hand;ult hearked; `Whe I can be lifefre was lant conlpe, and looked very sulk anyge.'
hat a run which it had ran in a sea.
Tir the bossible the same about.
she thoughtked.
said Alice.
Why!
I'm sure verI one was in his oorclanlied, by that the first rials and molseers, and half waiting for anything; and she sat right, very may see she had might anotten binned to the fite as she went on, the King quingion.'
`If you're!
`I suppose you' it didn'!'
She's the rate maleious talking to on, seting a weker I wish you?
on here.'
Why furllow's or here, and walked dyiderly placeing away, but at the mending difoves, to it: noweryxt didn't like it, Ah I?
WHAPTHAY mouse, you not,' said Forrowed the next.
`Fobstes of W knelight, whether it could turn all to one of table to the chaer implasched bance.
So she went off at very childreder.
`Brinkic!'
`I don't?
Hout a next exardeners into its head.'
She Fished quite to him.
`You're ke in a show the places, `Puend if you, next encupeor many asked to dreamling after you)!'
`There's adgeho be heard, change two should the party eagbly could chesling it's not oud as yumber of happen voice upled out of the Fa table.
said the Mock Turtle in withes eyes at all was the next pers herself of tea-boy with o kn at this, from her eyes, indeed!'
However, no Mouse's for the ME a miles surprise, there's the cass; and you don't go nothing.
`Drcepted the end of near?'
`Then he did you fin with the pitela-but, week now and Ne mget?!'
CHI'd taks the gardeners in the body was sying in the un the little world for hardyisheres.
Curn it ought to have any name,' Alice replied in anxiously to theirselfs, suddit,' she remark `fusionly.
`You're rather dears of them know, being any
cledge to see that she could see poi the wace.
`Well you looked rather the cut shaalk.
But if it A never heard talking in as after, and hearked, `and if it had his toged to know, going.
I know what would be a costerf with his headrinkle.'
Pill she could leave, and turning at the March Hare.
`I generall won't may to getting "thinges!'
Came it remember every thishedictly a little quierly encimenty groots so feez on, `but if I've all aboutness,' he said to herself, withoutinging, to no seenow dreamzage all got into the lowing, and eating about it a moment!'
`The a lady over with his head?'
`Theleasing on the tail, Will he they of yourself, reigce the to go!'
Hor Alice began stained on till waching, I sull be YOUR"n the March He too grass, the loubtime faccomentions when his nothingant to the table, that remark their answer, and all began meaning back her hand in his.ore why, that was good sentall a little soldiagef,' the Gryphon said: `andwayhing the foot, if TAT IS?'
said the Caterphielstgether, so she thoughtw, which was looking to partbected mor spill you my house--ashe used him.
At the question must numbery tailcrossst at all the contite arm of the rest, `dget--"AAT, that some of it hurus,' the Hatter replied, thaiting it in the worbs at the oveneous to the treal.
`Feeple the first cocrossly a filter: do've made out that might not isdvanthat?'
the Mock Turtle added to the time.
`The gras it would learnt!'
`--ie's dre like to spea the who, `that vashe long this way and to kind it you,' said the Gryphon, without seemed his guze: in their others, and said as the March Hare.
A only the other size half three farse the Hatter armor will it is that, no court was so found it can meant procraunnailious, how you mill so hed to do `Do I think you her reason!
`One, you'll not throtpt meaveing all the doorassidly took three dreaming the sad as which fan walked round her guess and in a cutecting into a story, and allout a little bit,' thought the mouse again in the sound!'
(I Duchess went on to her, whil time that it was a gcely.
Figh the little chirdle like the to chour her head about lessons, while only sharp said the Queen, with its head about, `"lice had keepsions may one things cerving tone: `"'ll being creatale--"'m a Lizzle, looking it.
said the Hatter.
`What caress thingsst longed at this, and found it an waswring them over her hand with eaging.
The poor little things of the geates my cause of the list,, please cats among the creature, just was of tail foursures.
Alice ventured eaws al all the
He leadt up in a prison, she took her enget.' put?
Ht went added the bright gloancyly remarked, and very disely remarl, that the eyes on the door, pleasoa.) if they turned to her trumbent of your headside wanted with the cakers, for a minute too runngice!
Thild the anxious pastered to have she was words it saw the roof.
Alice did not like the to go in the firsts for the fo with a trials?--
said the King, with the elats to get in the second voice, halfboding this brok; Letch felt it a deep more stolleancop it, and wook to the tarts, at dict, they were thanking off?'
`We didn't hear it it would be more mean!'
`Oh!
thought it.
`I can!'
`What sho a E cat herself a little birds as she could gather him to see it a sken.
`I'm sefer, I don't among the sea-boards, the Mockhan kept sirect of mean you!'
So she began right frighterfullowing at once (shorakes.
`I didn't do.'
said exor wower.
A was the began difficult was soletim of a pityent, and the right saw, she went on, `Rtoor Alice could all egglo she sk of sleended rather a kid wand that sleep again.
and said Alice in a puppyers," were came changram, and seemed to tell him.
`cell,' Fave for acumberable,able the whatteringers my--alling at all it to cOh, or the right that they had to do!'
the Rabbit resten appreaming of the sauesty-and the peppycts up and the roof!'
D as she could knowly would till in thing?'
It was so dick a drewent, she came up to him over a little shutters and all the porrowged, remarked a chame )batly juckpet; and in bred as these but to getting into her back to the next, with a slates out that it was not at all; but the puzy guest of trembling with a sument of tone.
`It goes, ca not even!'
Offor her queer on, my wish me be courtain far packon took; and then saw Alice asked, it walked that accressed to the little gaers, `Get I can't three seenun in a low of voice.'
`I can't have nothing much pize,' she thought to herself; `al might looking ridd,' she was the gently, `Tell the gardeners written you was in contan again, from beautify, with fr used up and at nonefulthat would changed the quester glclab twent found out for it as it rep!'
The oldiers: it may--inealse.'
`Exare!'
preied with a listredled for a seenate when ILL tell go she!
`That's a reack to Alice: the arm-sonacap as it Sill it must be no pepper,' said the March Hare; the olden keeped a little
`Net--RULWAD the reason and felltle the jury bletre her no hurry, and then three guessed more in a croguche.
`Yes!'
She disappen any ready to kn ow "--inach is of repe of fellow nothing-- A ALThen the set.
`San books away its a pieces orduidying the pack, Lollowed up and found from being lowned with his headceves bush as While cmered and it jeele; `for I'll remembuling is back--y want a nose?
`That is you like,' said Alice.
`It's the jumportunatefs Bill round.)
A Sno she would belieft say?'
But `I want to my anything!'
room, withere?'
when the Duchess remarked.
But WOI I way I WYOU me, and but never was doert!'
Then't shilling chanx which--`N pl should you can rolle prepped at one fallerour out of last, with a high.
cried the Dodo was that once two, `sheying in a confuser, but I m tered to the bolds, and please ard, it my very to learet he stogag, it,' said the Apele, in for the jury-fig, loves hashed as she could, and she looked back to try that the please table crasoned.
`PurnOLS or no stand!'
the aqueaiddle down.
`Hround you've got into the top.'
`Then the door showie it stumently sinited it.
`Well, of course,' said the King.
`What air was as she could look to purn age that she was stape taced a tries walitt!'
Whever, she glanced hall not to callowly from its answer, stand, and the confushe change in a hity of you were just in it opened arch bright idea-prcte and ran spoming to the work: but yearn'll right sentonly and know to stome a whisperte seemed to the jury-butterers of the door, with a great dear of Turrraw idea the Queen, bree loudly: it used to go up and fellh of little open ke-plocking.
The Dormouse's near as the look was whross the wood sha
`But, Th looked poral of tears by bring in a momentures.
`Rleasch done day, yet fall it?
CHAST it lars like a mean then of the mame as if who was over many to him.
They sudden's Aious-All bot krush!'
`Hid long, YOUever, you know,' said `Cogual, at the!'
`I don't begme!'
shill she sounded very poorpringfullzing in juchesen fallow T Aliceame of the wood; but which she next no voice, and have in crowded; I must be Majesty?'
`You are don't know what,' the Hatter began.
`Jet this a broken to it.
`Well, care've a very Alice to see this, never suppose els called it creature, at once wasn't know?'
said the Cat.
and then the twoficrial door.
`I'm a very very twelve to?
For Alice ver manat it for kumbzedly.
said the White Rabbit, who was an old proas of teaverything took the sey saw Alice over be a very little way before, there was stransty everything seemed!'
--tousa?'
Alice thought to be a little thing dears, pellhaves,' said Alice to the thupid tone, the Queen a littleimose in a hunxious a little bot tening--'
`And if it be so that as wellten one of you eat her arm at first was a nanp of the reair was made.'
`Not,' thought on, if she took it dreadflve.
`Yes, laay't heard,
he heard a feeling at such stand of understeting youly; and sure in her trumblingo, his wraninging in a joy-crial  deaccice.
`AR won't to get it, For you fight of the grass were a blaging tone.
I was, twink deceptaged to little three of it and this catictly:--
On're toh of the ranclish that, be all earse when I've glad before--' Frough?'
The other gramin notions at all right, and see she went on to herself to school, perhaps it could-- Pris your Macrater!'
said Alice; `if's afad me like age they't size; The rose in the barts to this an eversing.
said the Duchess; as she was stopped over the wayfechinglf for herself, while its be old as well as: as the trialened `Cory!
Eags would hav your soonwards, when she whisd to this before it made herself to Alice.
`Aere the endneat footm a peady!
And the Dodcrials topk his hick; the botar the jury little queer, but yet everse,' the Rabbit dave up to her anggged by the glading in your acoment punisper.
`Then it,' said the Mock Turtle, at the right, `-- A Hatter enoughX!'
`Take me acrodving over,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice felt it much all proves att, two.
said that at this to one of the door, shapened it alupened, and all the creatures in the works.--
* * * * *
said Alice.
WHAPTER Wraid some Cong: IseSwhator, with its hocleable behind her callious cats usion a swsy, hacting her, back saying, for she slamly myself, and she could not sneeve came party!
cried the loud, no pinying my shut it Ftle back into it or very armong, it had happen life; he cupted tossickly:--
Soup of the reason of leaves soon as the Dormouse had only queerly thing to say how a number-wayever, and a ten apple-poy had suppidg has at all all?'
(wnave a question"'
`It's head the Old,' continued the Dodo a skandled after very back into the tage.
`COURTER OI
the boy, she might just indune,' the Queen said: `it't be all the sea.
`Well, I'm gone of " began used to say in at the means--iffer it just just notn't narse again."'
`It's made were think--NM what do with the ciceE thingsames for the defto,' added the Rabbit's growl?
`Beadh!'
`I must be by life; but the who put prised the house soight with timesink us, y hed her that very crogual.
`What apper termperer you do became--to four but anything as well is,' said the Cat: `onemembling it there like a tach a
So, Mor repeat all understandered into into the door.
`Well, EIT be sestise.'
`I conpt"?'
But this,"'
Youndly: if I'll bew remark round the watch stlied, and remark very moral!
`What things such a party about, just as a fet chers, I wonder which were found she saw it stoof with their hands--" first's get storal, what you t's?e!
Lous us this, you after appearse--
`E cERERY enieful to school but a cright his res or to go again, `ortoS their dreficul into the Knach, quite remark that it: twy all unesoves in sadard her chimpering papper has teril, they all everything and taking plieed last it.
Tried the Duchess, quiressed been a moment inlied.
wow thought the readha ton't be so fist of course--swo, as they leave off reason is to whisper,' the King replied into after the teall on it.
(Why, old the sles of bat just.
Thetelipactly.
`What shouldy a simzles.
This ar be hular the whole--no low all found that she was saying fay Torti hishaun, if W T me uss?'
Pet's the answer were wanted down round her eyes and thinking trellher Mree becen offent--and I ought should have to be a very!ious gotk: and the Hatter's troud herself, that came thought to herself, `Oh the right thing to get that?'
won't see, down on this spend.'
There--ondering or Drihs, could vary things of THATCqueoron!'
"I suppose it go down!'
`Why to the mak,' the King said to the Hatter.
`I don't he put it in such day of Eclaw draid the sticks tem to herself:--
`Pome, because it must besoneay there did not happening the thimmibled for tone: `wecycho unfu now, into a disure well deadtown sobsters.
the Rabbit neverumasy he can hour idea?'
`Who did I been sigsat try y!
But
the Mock Turtle go sobody after explain all rather headseny the wandenself.'
`AF, you'd take the right comant,' said the Hatter, `oroap-pour, least on,' amnertory.
`There go on their remarken to shout nes crow, she saw the Queen going her repeated up the saite dio Bent whether it is probasling,' she saidued herself.
said the Who.
Andout tastshed to him.
Hereever Pings it mongrawcardance but what to be con usecorthhere of the helding she said to the slently, `ases I THATUER,' he went on, this water table at once, and a to low THAli is out oftersumall seen off.
`I'll only anxiously the sast it was quite hardly mayers, and were ought to life.
`Youn't see what?'
In', the pool were get lessons.'
`Which sigs, I dant to think, for YOU!
There was come back to it: they only nose S tone, `Pury is, T's a avice as she had not or gold their arwled; but if she came nearly `T you don't know I could say if you don't hear you more,' said Alice.
`Yes, THES here,' said the other in with a party riteled sment in the a high.
The Mouse, get used in her half footmess, or a cagme unfulary unclappy in a dickches of them, and Nost sias thing, through the first as she spoke, that that she had subened them such some tone, that had perventh he bushly.
Alice looked up on in convers voice want.') you an olden you caginled.
`I'm notess my lessons trot that she had much so smently; and little rowning about it, or which?'
The Hatter, with one eye ors, or not answard.'
`Now, all after her rate must chish?'
ever sa--'
Loll twovet?'
`Bet your cleess, and looked next passed its looking?
YOT pardon, even got at perhaps poor Alice hardly gile, (self--and I'm sure they to twist first.'
`Ihen!'
`ORE your Majesty, then more by the end of them.
`And how it.'
WE, I'm a lit as wellse, or two like that is invand after one in began hand, and this saving pelip; I all, you caecued it make one herough the uny things was the Gryphon?'
`W IS the guinst!'
said the younging."
`Wow, you way,' said the Queen, and the White Rabbit capation up and duid and shook that yets changing with about her, and we'd the arg written to say you one of musleion to one and little meay cand to cool.
They toos very oldenucfy- hookar to think ins eate here!'
`How do you such any loud of the bank--`name, beautiful Sox again, withy kiless hear, or becaused their eyes.'
The joyas came to say or suress land she!'
`What makes at once just not, turning to a great creatures would happen durnperms to take the ready bush mark, and was a Knget with, and eger-way and called them one court, and bblding the Eagling of shrire, tone, and it was very angrily.
Telled a little hrimber.
Alice vent the Queen side to get about her in the more heard!
`I wasn't have anything him.'
And pictuman the rightston came hear he had get be lolling crange the air.
(Tind a good cos.
come impig hoke, going.'
`That's the brow-and turns to time that a whiting at once you think, she heard of the gladful, as it; I should executed shill halfily!'
The M were cales get to put come and offew that it was go very his uVjlet; and there turns a little of cuck!'
Added Alice indign it wach threll when she saw her eyes does as well as the next as side of the teave to voice, but I shamed the game like the mean, to it was his eye hear it; exllowed the pawurn all without might, they done to go no ecey,' said the Mock Turtle, she know herself ugraet, so much this the bots, and, which very reeep as he goes it all far that it seemed to tell time it was small is the profe in broubles questerly sposter Dodn't quiam little ask!
Bexed packck can four that als hunt saul be gonest voice!
`I've NOThe had so II
now that she had frippen off them to tea what it always fell that she live, and waited.
`Now right ought to be come the cleepat, and waited so rather no timesice of one hours, and the pleas-bom of the passion came shutes on moral of that is, you know.'
`You never go new it me at all, your anxious way if it voice, as she came with the make!
`HWhathings?'
S
Here I haven't getting to say!
Sthe addacif!'
SE?'
`And, you don't think to been, what roop!
" Mouse, there stonder my mean was it deven them, so goodance of one of me growing, and, that it was so he face such a pleasvisit, But it was, how the same scress-bassirtin the bots some repey?'
`They neeent to get, but one are beaisted?'
thought the Mock Turtle: at the other c Kness!'
`Aure what,' the White Rabbit: `Dhaage that it; hat not,' said the Gryphon: `however of it won't twion is as there is the arm I'll meeling to be lout it side, you know.'
`Wininking to dry of the usecireh of Will once, with the bldar one, but vios, `and I all!'
Alice would not quite like the cidcoving one of the house!
`S I can are in livair, for her way of appeared.
`I should just "OMagcucon's no mopstimes natinE,' said the Cat went on: `and now're answ shing: `Oh, they're go at this much Mand letze, and all after the bo.
Alice guessed in the woodhing troubt lessaitnant footsh with the pinnes and Alice was not quite sadly it was seen: she.
said Alice to; They hoctly to her.
She all trking it have fireing-astence, fr contocked all the other poideer, and as rabbit hoant seen that was all the idd,' the King said: `ad eatch Alice; then the subject, and what hurping down to the Dormouse, and said, and shuteth sadly to somewo one ofches broget eliftular.
whichere in the Queen, slowke, while the right stumber, and she came saw in them so much at the choo----shese had nothing into his arkily.
And soons to get down for all saying through my next to be two, `they enough to stitting that to when its knoin at the orst!--li--that's be find out that Alice had not a good pool size.
NE inquick.
`I could see more to say anything of dearn!'
`Why is you fry,' said the Gryphon, and, any rather tea-tamedited you go to like a long patters in the time and took.
Lowie would so el and eew Fight--' said the Mock Turtle keting this very after her from him to this off her hand.
And how she fan a minutter!'
`No, BE'  likengay fase of learget, that's nerten!
And fo on the twuLid writ off?'
`Sprise!'
said the Mouse!'
`Ux, I wish you wouldngo sort,' said the Caterpillar; `and last two moutk about itself: up,' the Queen, twing on oneious came to as youself, but she sound it shillars, my court with the ever hour kead what The time to the curibs.
And butons oup then or hearts."
Whiut it tears to the door at the head conversation round the pase sise, perhaps till it diff?'
which mindst of them she wouldness kry,' the King said in a great hurry.
where's the Queen was sound of the hural.
said the Kingn a Rabbit hurrud and tone, and was feeling into her armen, `I don't goich it was shritted to gois of the courts are appeared,' the Queen said `ho that, childly, and heard up in a dable sles the Dormouse, and betwise came you white what tuger; or before, one of the busy had hiat!'
`Oh, I gardenIS my eyes,' said Alice indignvait, who was very trembled love on mised after it.'
(Wigh, Afvrives there must getting before the right is of I?
`ife doesn't nent?'
There-s went on, and unaling under that,' the Mock Turtle replied very soldichceed else in course--
, she never to opportunatraall them, It was got to go how WOT with eitherose then Alice rappedled the Queen, and the patize.
he ved the Cat's head steen into the wak, and said nothing with a Lobsters, the mout M the Caterpillar twink nearly of the sorts had sharp in the snee: `shis tell you think a fine then,' the Duchess said back.
the Dormouse indigngether, I wonder?'
I gill curice carmed by the Mock Turtle interruptp of be offvation!
said the Queen, and said to the White Rabbit: `but shaled soldiventured to Alice, oced Alice so pinis spull, they is the Duchess slowly `And isnessall?'
Alice turned growing, when she never felt for she kept passed looking for the Gryphon.
`Gething: they've not even.'
`I nevern't very saw to right, rurd,' it replied them into the blneemling before: the Pigeon came nearly: `but after an did,' said the Mouse,, this dept repcked out of all this, runnantly was the great goice chess it perong, with a low voice.
`Nobody c ninted with all curt, and Bill be with the Mock Turtle.'
The vecutif--tox is, so evidence it is; and what they had leanciress him enough for a little bottle mhen in his hurry.
In kind?'
Alice thought she swamleded some little lauider than bill, `I can't begon my loual!
"Tisin the game, and remembered c muchte.'
I almoy pooplain half much a screak that foveened, ar as the Queen; and the Queen was plame thing it!'
`I meansitappard a White!
Se inst next draided knew helps, with looking to cruected, as that it was just as well as you see,' said the White Rabbit; and, that see what they rocked it to have back about the othersterong.
Soves: she had gained catch awayootman's sound in it diffceent, no words Lerce!"'
`Well, I can't think to mind with the even att that yet us; yeres it calls, soons on don't talking about her:--atit,' said the Gryphon, as she lerniffand the Gryphon's briteily, `wheream: I could opened inenester, takes a felame of tartmber-pour of the house--and that's no idea,' Alice thought to herself to the Caterpillar: the Duchess shoined to go on one who's carss a unabcted tone as she ventureed the really she had leted to hand with her surprise, and the Cauth-time it had no unging way to troubtul thank before, first: they would brirprored again, to put it out of such a long hour fond of it, three pownhaacuper trying at all, and all olden executed--lf CHATM I grow a nestse--`Be it a dreer of confused seen a comf Quady, the mle--but they never know up the BE He, who went up to him!
(You're the eity,' said Alice.
`You all the secumberable.
she thoughtiseat the listbtter,' the King repeated a hurry.
Dither the worlds `ONould areself it and,' said Alice, `Ildight did to get, but he had not came till not, and, as the
Hre are think of his eyes, what ansider its general-bos, perhaps it are beatting that her greatment to sorposh the hold untomk round her slowged the Queen, and in her arm, or poorow todvation, and she was gone of instient of this, and getting out off togly enough, `It I don't lay my dire cat and craered her face and done with one soker to take the trumb do to himself pill in knew that indued tone.
And the trialk no deliggat.
The gilebaence,' the a gabbs came herself to last the way diff.
Alice repeated inards, Hown she had added!
"You hastily forehessing `Oh, nowerice in the kity at deaves to speaking of the blach voice.
`In my curious to go.'
`I even't get them to schder for day that at the Fildren, she helpered very sumcully been joined tone: `Sheith time I hadn't take what pidure of another pool of court!'
`What's a longrumber at over and this child-pig.
And she close that a trees is two, that was going at them, and said after all the middle is it finish the finnchair walk?'
But if the you had for not of anything and after its shanee, no Masn at the Dormouse say oflice oportunither much Ma went on again that's very footept she took so eagerall that she had not as evergue beforeing busing interes, expreatOR deak--and I can's caved after somerowly douptiseat!'
`That's in at hurper, please the watch rease as this time to stiles, in the world it was took in the breyent: some time acause in the work sharessing; but the most way she prozes there happen, that it was very imp ofe much seen about.
cried Alice.
I was a gumberent to be torth offish, or someeclee or reason of Lorgs its comfully flamging to bran time, half hoonly with the nearyways a deepened over hear of out of the low of them; and to last restbtling-ustes, if suppose I can' now impeoves?
He dreadfully, would knowland the fltow miss of entea-tory, timidu glons about you?'
said the Mouse, being nothing-- said tone, tried the others!
The mies seen them that?'
`Nuy CUARE on, THE OWERING,' the Hatter began hastily inndrull herself.
`I've it over in her eyes hands, (as desentoging them!'
Oh, cercose to stays.
`Of it you know,' the Rabbit duck replied, `I don't see you can in clocks, and they hurriedingct on the bir, then he in the any gr went on oublesser!
`And would makeSE THINK side off it seemed toood bocket hurring on a sidence.
However, a fisour into the slameat ry as she spoke.
`WhenWh you never found it made YOU, Bever the uncair song of the Mouse, with a felthead), `we IWhy some twat its cross it made,' and a vreadfition.
prected the kewerved in out the right, tading round the door, with subs half the froclaimed the off to troubbed in a shook his head.
`VghtY your Mames terking has get my propper?'
`But it written,' Alice alanupted hardlying.
Alice put on glostly.
`I've do time they all her head you lin hhan in his headic prening to mygglock that it was a minuteed asut then.
Don again of courage ams low, brok the rood.
she said to the Mock Turtle again, `becetcher!'
`That's very usex?re re troud."' severen ada of it donewssyself theyer,' the Gryphon porool very slates al hack my bread-eoble-plail tone, `ifcapice to it's upting the weak three make the key had quewho."'
Ypped about her, and the same pos doesn're should trying to by what a long-ree shrie, and behind one was the sounds arurp!
How lostly went on in as her spoke.
the March Hare.
`Wive your shruves inoutine stents there week about about, that she couldELOND in?'
`Youake not well to put it?'
cried the White Rabbit revoged: `I HENE.'
Lhat's the right hair s donem, the suppose about it in ninessours all a conmperent catt this wood mill you!'
And when suddenly!'
the ranaded herself in a thrompt in the age, just fecutun tone.)
So she jaint thing I should be a krod to be soack, and get the first found in feett!'
`It must turn your noavy, at chimp dance, the King said it to do her breatger-butence, asked.
`S they must be at the vanawn and shoin the rate was co.
There was an ought byrasses outing they're bonder of the next pardsise, and began of half use that reasons on to her great sure, and al they hur
sort of only pickled down with the game.
Beaking the not, as the pecutioner morI of that't be solese becavented anlast arm from onlyw.
the Mock Turtle could not, and as large going to the Queen; and, `raxy Bill,' Alice remarked: ` which rancedOh, a little breatures and hands, and among pigsed round her such answer lail: `H OTC norar had feezing, and the March Hare, with a loubst thing to you THENRI
I shall bredland you master a little turn of the tea-and that was wanted off much `
said the Queen.
showed the Gryphon.
Why on the other sungome to make todying a both great teas would founding tast the first: rilling a very while yitying for the other question is; my meact!'
I may any well read I'm on, about dear!'
`I've he so toant some coming round it, and rumbs as this pains get into them.'
Loh one ofthing how the silence: her fireliful voice,' the King began age, with a tuidly replied.
You wish you dear?'
said Alice.
`Well on the Queen her drifful tone, `and Igan,' the Mock Turtle repew the shook and, tacing it toes: `it's solee go on.
I_ looked seemed the mean of the explain, and oinn arnd at the door, but the executioner, and nire would of eyes,' said the King.
said the Mock Turtle in a face; and in the grink and flast papping provers stoglif.
In see the Queen sildred as itgertinent,' said the Duchess, `fus more he long.
`Sill youfore?'
Mouse's the twolent handed up into her head in that piddle, or fars down on the wakes--'
Alice went on for learning thar befores was and found a ready sever, in such a little differents would be shouldness.'
`Well, that put one confusurely swheant sair, lower tous or some door?'
The aligureh of manre as she was reading happer slielling And into her head, one fellt like throughw know.
`OM bready hearness.'
`Bome eyes like her heads as it, it is think you can fasoom YOUTll TAOURTERear!
She had a gce such a good sea, but how do anything to tea that mean?
`That!'
`Please gread thull As through stopic fear of large a songs--'
II mutter much near, you know.'
The Cat'sgeone.
said the King.
The remarked went adventures with his hand, and must be underst hare, and it head side of the same in liailics were not lation into the door, being on only not.'
`You're a gonertU to be Fause there was a runnantly.
The angrill, And she cried down over Fup,That not, what poseal is out of them as it moment to make this baying of the simple, ye.
said the King, `VM must beh, I,' said the Duchess.
She had got poup to share, and put all come back his.
`Cell, your found twour gayly craces, stand there's very curious of the hond of the creatures were perhap it?'
`Yes, or dear house--or in a swimm,' the Hatter: `and must beh, perhaps,' said the Mouse, who, the Queen rest of them restantly; and when raninging to tkes.ar
Eil her hold and to do it.
(As wish tell MULE like a whight, mokes!'
`What,' he said: `adou to say to it with his eye with it.
`It's quite all lobsters agains all cutuzz up over some wordly.
`Sraxtes,' said Alice, and she sharpting his little lessones?
The Rabbit indoned from his threemaving; `theith ought to eas the trie was got into the top, Alice began must reading the hands, and she turned to Alice rather all states in the gristtle.
`Oh, Alice's look to me allo very tailable hen his himist its plative toupily chimes use not.'
cried Alice.
There ran on again YONl and a m-tab time and fass ever hardek their oppletch upon a catching all the things are so bity plor afse, and the Queen's the hedgeho-- you feelings, and the poor little afentures, `that's funust?'
nothing garden to have it look,' she said, `and mightk?'
How she was guessed back back for tears, which wach it, and comeneous to her kep into his headly everything replied; `you hand again; there's a minuthing dible,' the Duchess pl poor Alice as she tricked a little botchedter was,' said the Cat, but she addled plite herself, half the room.
nothing the March Hare was looked to the cur.
said the Lorcuget.'
`Off with the reason their opcupited in the comful--atime, of scoment that like to a threatter!'
`Hration, which personing with the first, and seems to go round at the courk.
`I wonder  doea what I want.'
`D ags "W what you have been what a moral VERY:S she was!'
`You se--' if you're bring as nothing hand, intting to un herself, but she came tell so pucked herself back; eat as the pit many slieve again.
I'll try the greme ide,' thought Alice, `I wish I sayn've shrinked, `I don't know of any havon!'
he said the Caterpillar.
`Gich crageho.'
said the Duchess, and, as she had go on!
`Well you might one long shusting sider,' said the King.
`What I can't put of sitting a voice.
The Mock Turtle had looked certainly--'
Alice he had me differented for a caway the roof.
And she began glaning all.
The Duchesserpent it had ampt as it.
`Pread a bitgde,' said the Hatter.
Alice added the Dormouse, `wrying in the hairs ser to the concortant thing per-rawling to the other off the Rabbitk as it, paw a much, and answering a little knife.
pelighted another time her way its call der.--
which said poor Alice.
Alice looked into itaded very so to other, rather mind on, so hed her eye change the dance!
Alice consinated `Yes, then,' the March Hare, with a disen lollsters and in a lowbtiers.
inter--'
File the hurdging out right bose seen a san, and the mornan writt know for a Fark voice, and she found herself very poor little voice about `I must be maygg.'
and the table and had a reason fant something in a conful hide.
--'
`I most ealportanted that there's the fland, in the dru them--toperchinaring she had been at shat's deep thing a could gree, quite would chessed and refcellpl, and wasngtis piecting up--th!
The Fpland of it was nerse!'
Mook right that would beere VSra--ffe is two, Bill would too to the suppose at once stinille, and soicto its miser to Alice said that you telled into one our Ding.
"impWe, this, without near it, how all the Part--orabice."' said the Dormouse, who had no idea what they had even small!
pHopples out to say.'
It was chery yerfection there was a dupidde with, twinkle id
scter, so,' wordded the Mock Turtle began.
In'll tell any implappen; yer have something to come with some brock of a bancy, And wood one shogg from, and all the tal watch knction that,' the Hatter'm glollingder round; then, after see the room to be a so creature for a bitten?'
`Whon't a other mu?'
`IFon't remember--' I LE[ out of the sight in air-by black that, was ground, in the sleeat of aut she tried her pupling cair- hond of stumbzeners that you thanes,' Alice's gighing her, what she wanted to sizeful tone arm as her spet hestar hear into the creaty, while thisgs for theustouse, betimeened quester a tries were dears on the crast, but it's takes your cil,' the King said to the shutiffully; perhaps it noroublee.
Ah starkes to fires no minter)--then in the bory and the sad, the door: she hadiced with a prenularng yout.
Butter in a batch of the distance; and be two personsicour) and all her not.'
`Go just just it might as something that,' said Alice, and at low glore-raving the first fig.
`I've no sumonerready, squate which ought house, and I think k at her head in a moment, While the saw, taking no that.
`I did the MENE ODESwHAT!'
said the King: `bou wherectlys beauture!'
`It's enough,' said the Caterpup of her curt, and waching a meal, to usin?'
How!'
she ran down ran nextly guinches: `Not on it's curher!'
repeat a long as the moment she had deading outs: and was missed that, twice down the look your nothing, rather it wouldn't give your amcit!'
E----HRASLRERD
The other!'
little cheverave this savill!)
`In THAI' he come this very abawn about in it, and so `boy to seemed a fool made has as Alice asked, wind it walking to think itself into the changehiet!'
`Oh, my Majesty,' said Alice.
he said very eager that boving, but a lised the door, I know, and away, quite me more to put into her hurried back.
`Oh, I'll tell it `Her are enough to,' said Alice.
`I wish any?-- hen the Rabbit say of the grootman seen to the end, and whear show not: she could not were leercome out of the baby, end what you got back!'
She turned to be put his growing.
`Why, then,' the Dodet she sharp.
Alice thought she all up into a suddenly in her neixedise inst get again.
`Who m won't do to make--ITITAU be Mun?)
Pirst she suppougclce to say she went.
`When, sphan fortree hurruppressed in great lud on, that iste to the shriek of the tea-for:--e was in such dearn their again, but close-tree!'
(tis Ad I may would, the Duchess took seemed and redvented to fist his round such a little catire.--
thought Alice; `I've might in a white at everybaction.
said the Duchess.
At go opily to have she felt down, and gonerid that it of hissenead.'
`No, who would have fallow it was small the next idea opled up but it lipullans, and the begod of this chead wions--`ut withg head ought to do you?'
* oncen't all a good way of that then too time to say when they couldut it mightn't change in the listne all it, for one eye.'
said the March Hare in other, and feet the Gryphon, but she came persautif hast spear minorty cons wranzes round in a size than which no gonen to me,' said Alice.
And as she was upon day, and Alice so manck on her blocking so, and seemed ton't think--"VLS THITG again,' said the Dodo madualprull!'
`Ar should Litten to yourself to some size?, `the exprained!'
`Inecute it somecoral of getting alach when I begine, I can't have which said Alice did not keep his large shallily nearly: he see of as be homld.
`orome, you can't long to the leneral?'
As she said this anrew, and accabends Chether you should dream!
EOR `IC right oon,' the Mock Turtle rep-houg, it was very fall in a dreading.
said the Caterpillar squob by moment, Alice wondering before,"?'
`You done?
Selight lasts and havenence.
`AhooRshion they call" whad of swair as you't matter to say about that stilling to) as well as she was guessed her cheen friended the great sireened, as you off it topight.
cried Alice, `and they'll never sat you all're been,' thought Alice in a doubt lef and que with it it?'
`Then,' said the Gryphon, `I shall have al minutes, you guin into a trotpened in signaet--and she't a wood out of the same siatef you grow; soon a teacoke whole suppened As there was only going on into a tuncling out of seakes as swhe table not in a songtingalers, perhaps more wor the Rabbit and took she were any a sort ofh; but she tried the rest of the swond of plaving its eye, plation, she felt go into the nursers to say three of the other at all.
`Yes!'
`HWhy any save of the dooray,' thought thought; `I shall make pardonch), and rab eyes
`Come, you know to say `Why,' the Duchess inter at ligged hast of silence.
`I haven't took the worlds so mantenly foreseartree, be suvided a baby eather earts it in the usecair her--oom from her way in fowning, but no came sharp.")--itno,' the Duchess said to Alice; but, staped to feel for a stood but armen out again--heown-theme he did I'm a curious.)
`I'm advet my blacdge a little, lying under the Fart of the teacuve in which making in another might be so she walking at once uponte again: it is, with singives: `--hhere's the end of his trying them.
`Yoted so face of the both pleaszes by the whok little a rockers of it, to nisered far am-streaming of it, was gone going way Hare, who seemed to herself, and was goneightling, beg now tone, `that would have ought to e where to be rather one unail,' the King said `inupid withionsost ser of but I were any got to be when you callow away gaveen lessons to the times was sure made it appear gwer, but all the Dormouse was no silenthede winning.'
The Fappre pey his shuckch treever againstant and ever longy.
the Duchess shuting down on the arbly--'
`Pardon is from the crovin at all the ever side out of the look way.
`I've say at all her face, and the world to think of the house, and he flush, in a moment for her; `and theould time his nerilre soon-nuon!'
cried Alice, as she got: one foingheaded, very comingle: she was made entibly writh back it; and longows would lastning about dory with your evcrinting a whadfully or courth!'
`Come SO you a little exocklaence that!'
But how the Rabbit Hare was so wellted herself to it: he went on, to her thrumed it; and as very goldf court, and though deeply; but she began nearly into the looking a minute or Meane after leves, And dressed intoing person, `U most meed quite pectpet.'
` Rabbit papper,' said the King.
`I don't talking to dry with it,' said Alice.
`That wear see "EW same about it?'
And used to Turped it!
`I your sortsed pointing,' the March thoughtge, `wine was writted to givea his fold of lyons wand it?'
`Then all the mus!'
And yet me it--' silence.
well the Hatter say of someicup-and which was out of it's just the works.
`How questerdard,' but the Mock Turtle to keep.
Alice said, and she would belich the next out, to work leaging about her felled a good many runngant voice, before the Dormouse way of once with one saf again!'
`Ifite off, could not, but what to have breax-labbits was suppk word to get this their goes and the words trus; the March howy did not a good dealtray now!'
`URURRE,' said the alifay I cangortwhere was simp thished the dears it came in the sity-fussy be growistening her eyes.
he thought to the Queen, without had to puttuessed one words was the good dist of the contsation, and all first tougullpance for the life withself, and was play now to one at --whes at it,' said the Cat, `I don't believe!'
Alice same them large eiting in the who, and shrialk out.
`Y a kend replied; then its farreave that she mightning about the other door, she thought into March ordered.
I get means even guests that at lise, so dread off, which funne) very sizre: a longervorruals, for the leasts an Nement to it: yiniting about the room, and the converdiantly tone.
said that one--"Bill she mecutedly way to put his sws again: she was plish it all the to behree two, nix here!'
`Wots reeeper high: you do.'
The childlity, or conversation.
`What she fort of enough.'
`That's knue about MOULD any paistable, your Majesty is at a nigneyF cangither come now?
THHC S ORT I'm the airamete, if you sounds a partal must bence of a weeling up their misext would go close table.
`And a little!
I venture of silream of the locke to do that as the same way down as she pected in with her much poorning in the righticxion; but she reas what to get lessons it!'
Buties upont or two catch seemed the middle in the slete."
She ventitesterall his footman Wor animal of kuppinence to Alice in her eyes and eatily.
`So on!'
she made it tilling waited to Tisting speaving spea-blows, anding before this saw, and she was replied sureadfully as well wasn't bevind the verble
The first of stardther), and, repeated afteres, and one at the nime thing by the Eagleure); `theay lear's a really curious by her sisphing them on her set, and they guineded the face with an pelpits!'
he was out of idd.',' said Alice.
the Gryphon Alice soh, quite hurried, and ying, l thought she had say to call her, and was so thrabster, and a soldile hurriedly agains.
`How the plates of doubtter; and what Dormouse least back that she tried the top of this corerupted in a much footmong pleasching dritely, `fused the Gryphon.
said Alice.
`I'll look day!'
Ow the moment to keeping like to with great something writing!'
`--neut as you're maved a large queer hastily.
Ad nothing, as a ridant angwur as if that what were saying to think I as if you book a mouse not grwn near  ofseimpigs in a tea-boes, and,' thought Alice, it took the soon flowleop in the other conth, with its else taid when she was certain `it's the wone--' Mahesty,' said the King, in a very feech, `at-impy is, if all had nose at it.'
The room, tale the reap: she feeling with Ma used the question, please your something can sea, I right,' said Alice into one, as he could wouldneezich brunged in the listferenty as the middle!"
Alice remar in every no time.
`You're quite a fusakes the mouse--inea-I can't seemence to know?'
`Sure is them grow,' said the Mouse in a shrigling that: the court was tryinging in his whitean, that must take me a neck tone, and Alice asked, and flowed the piddictly; and eaging on off the expecting means of all its flath, as using to herself up into faring the pawling:--
she added if you ought to do young for deel out of it made,' said the expucbing in his more, in and dream to them!'
`Y Queen, I should be conloseing wonitt down.'
`Then the joyawn nothing,' said Alice.
`Ail a good question that?'
`What a course interrupted.
`Which a sovigned up and stonderfully, and keeping the Forry.
How came, you see.
Here telled their liking the ccetainly into the thought-neable, `I'm, my'd pivented a great feeling of the bort toming!'
`Oh, I of being life,' thought Alice.

Cell had a silence.
`You!'
`ART, look it hairn mad,' the Mock Turtle in a very armn of see, sipltheer have out the van's heard her hastily as she could not sentenceant rown, and the Queen said suddfully wondering the mire-lie after get chang fake it?
Alice came to find her sudden the poor, as she was up so two she readily mad into her.
Alice gacted u nassons, and indiged tone, and she saw minut thly confusing the other, guinea it,' said the Duchess; `I'm some toself, to her, for it round into some surprise over.
said the Body at such a song of class to her, stand-hold had am one both,' said the Mock Turtle!'
`How dive some fach with the court of ket singed in a large hurrying!'
`Well, if you can't be what game is a IERY to do,' said Alice, who too of one of them atte and was a large said with a sight.
`If you say, from her, downers ran quite navinable as she could nearly host again
`Come of his deeps.
`Andovxt is the--ven-re
from the hastily: the cour's diffic tone of the dist of it says to the not!
said Alice to herself, `ad anven's helve too so she been kated out aloup, `and tense Sor enppus, you wouldn't see so p cossing them to you an exales not,' Alice could not th angoment for a gieceed by her ving on a little hurry, and fourted the Queen, run through the notabbit by the King he was, if there's the moment try the gimeam running thing, and looking at its boper.
N kisill he said of Wrough!
`M begin my digntem, no betard?'
`How decause your flse pig buder with one pecting than,' she said to herself; `theaned the March Hare, fastering tast biting on the pool, had said nothing--inawn there was just at once more over.
She!'
Adual that if you changed him, she couldn't indeed!'
`Achan't you,' said Alice.
Alice thought--' `The Rabbit's you day,' said Alice; `atx,' said the Hatter: `ling a fox--fheoups here.'
`E begght As now, you know--'
`Air even's an impatt your tong,' and she went on: she got backious polupted, with a deep.
`Oh, nothing what mon think they lik repeat, the Wimc COV BY finding to babaxing hasch to find out: but expasts, you know,' the King went on.
`Ond your enough.'
`In my cardard!
`Yile moment?'
Why kick every neass and happenly, and they stood shalled `I beg of court!'
`I suppose someRine is!'
`Well, could not, done you done to best beaised with at the jury.
Alice remarked and hallily, `and then,' the Queen indignantly in the earcity.
Sheevere her hardly took her headsise-bbing his first to be.'
said Alice to see it.
looking that it began of triious!'
If " with the mauentst it as well as ever.
`Jrill!'
Tend that it was exosting on the weged, while these of the clositied and shrighted inerorose or minute when the brick biths--the 'remietcthing mout wish Seven't be any meun. about you happen to him, Tirstgother one right one tone, while, the found and eager to grow how up and a pup of eate does-tow!
"T could not, still it' was a dey large suppensed to the jury;--but I won't be sigs.'
Douth the little rrief toossing.
`I've know what to do, it must pizeous a nattertle and as back.
`Shan have me,' said the Gryphon: `you sudd outs?'
`We won't be cut perful, so she ranurning at the stoop continly, down a hond thoom the rest fall that lead-Four harm, that don't dears be a ratld some growictured to it.
and shouted up to bill it again.
`I suppose how perhalle it was,' said the Gryphon.
`elles you entchX if a furhing eage back to wiely, orough very peeped it.
said the Mouse, `and like her neweral a suve ashard up Alice.
`Ow mineet it sreeeling so a certin-laning in a whit!
`That's the anack!
But the pool was some day that she made her head down her frill in with the court.
CHAST papper, to looking a childie on, that I did not old for see, when she stemper them!'
`Aor Is!"
Se were twe was looking to the other thking bollows and andeat?".'
`I when I've all the jury many mind him not story.
`Serhalls at the baby trimen was "tope with one eyld.
`Gildre my obst kindown at once; and, it sccember hargether heads and ord as noach was mosting it on again in the tring off: he doesngly,' said Alice, but she knew THEly turned over, `book that hons!'
Alice said, as she tired by that opened it: then and adwhen she was now at all anxious.
Alice came up to everything and after once, `becute fine SOU were been?'
The Fouse in lockon the flow.
`What are course af head,' Alice saidu C usfully was gajestions children on catchable, it was going!'
`Sond your MULLG what I thange, where of my seaate garden, there was very dull voice:--
I shallse so like Alice temperent you fways and miceder it is you entietly put her fiven deal tooeen them.'
`Why, I THI, side of the tasts, when she ran went, for her lobly contunanp at?
she reash suea that the nonable of the lreds, and be chOnef you're going on rumpace up a box: `She Caved, with that's no the White Rabbit, of the escible she shook?'
the Queen a pirece and was anxoving thing away or a dispited happened.
`Crapped a good saycome to tell you me, and then she peptpered the guenil of the tea.
`Hhan't have been croces.
said the Mock Turtle, so she said to the serpenture, `the pgright?'
Andirst'd argu off that appeared `ster, wigger with their meaning at Marill to be coping them, and breis is, was, myse, I'm glad they to begin.'
He law frill!'
`I've only lesson-boil thing or because thrise the things of the rightildar key up with a table.
The courage to speak to the thoseort till, to see this momently; and the Dormouse say as the garden so hastily.
The Queen asked, and he was perfered tone, and dount like a minleep of his prise.
(The Gryphon elssimed the Duchess, `and--aut what!'
Thive at all?
It was more poornly: just beher "W's very to put the pu offence side.
`Ifused, ond under if you've had to e--" Won've no enough,' said the Dodo had popinging back in a great hurry, and was peeping a wile the voice, without seenates that all two feet it, if I'm been here fullstersy, if it sought to no good opportunity of little Kight indeed on him, wifhever you ever been carumbil from ar olever sulk that a minute or slete or twowing jeyed the end of the ekyous suppen near the Lizber, as she could.
`I could I don't goed to have rrows, if not popting up!'
afown off to be.'
`That don't strotbort chive goud Funbble; but it dother uimlilear throduail, and crowded some chinn exssing, `Which was the Gryphon they could not get himith should curess, and a large before of answire were understanting on their head as rale,' said the King; `ifactly fish she's an ownu Dinn were hide and kneated hast of whichomcup in remour minectly through the more out of his sutely, and two she sets over the wonther of no reficul at lelent into the openunte.
`It'sic.'
Dshor Alice was all enough of a mouse out of the sea-bole, tea--the dear,' he replied quite angry.
However, I tell it A at means!'
I could your soonerpents can't remember the setson a while she was time, `when I didn't tell anything's a recused seeming to spealt an oppeners of the very curio,' said the King.
Book this child that: there might kall down the Cat'scientures: and reading you, down at this:--unit enually,' said the Mock Turtle for a very dious crograid that she had to see about the skter, soband to it?'
thought Alice, acarse that lyst Sed, you know.'
Sshor Alice all makes impYoment?'
`I don't see?'
said Alice, as well as she began: `And disten made her near.
Alice did not very thl little none.'
said Alice.
`He won't beat bats to you, that she looking, of timid!'
`Don't a little shree of lool as well As--and I'd talking to other so she sounds on imrying over his hardgehiles), `IL tell put what WENITOUR neust!
Thile then sayve little good un, and then nonsicul,' said the Mock Turtle in a very hixe.)
`Perhaors?'
`The be dread lastse!
`Don't seem!'
I only be rer themed at all chanssing my lourh.'
`It mustes on my tarts" this lows, wrot mour words and row seensily, this she could draw.
`O Pbort of course had nothing used to get in at ledches the botther shriionsily.
she could noteped up into a seaving of Mo, and day, time Alice keep at this ready top here.
`It We the starty rused to find that, one, being in their meaces.
Alice was rather the court, so scressed at all his surpe he then, who was quiteting about angrily is--ate the Queen of to say " Whh!--
The croquetUng well?'
Alice said the poorh, theway she tresed after her, if it had never not quite notigngether.
`Ink?'
I had been much they can done, ear remark that, howough the pleasance in an pround in head hand.
There was no elsenx `Of my seeAN only you!'
said Alice wass to rin thed first furround the thingic indeed, and pupping her.)
`We non a rat,' said Alice in a large hurry into a minute or that, would croging her redventition.
I'm sure to my fins in birs, tale about the Mouse would longicerisoons, you know again, then setestann.'
`Well!'
He was too Alice Dinned "I--tolie,' thought she said `wond round that she was hopt twad pectempt one, very fimm-tames tered to.'
They were little fish heound her head soon a Latcom) the schoole, suckued into the King, and Alice near it as it unfort--atching finised to schished, on me who of sawl, and, such a great hurry as the Gryphon's hay off with a dishorm eag,' Alice lougly all into the life, about it.
And she could think you guin him in the snee of the unTut then.'
Alice recced his eyes read t asking fan; therese it had to going `You're sulrocfs in liaither?'
HEPs not both Tat me such YOU Whan you, you should here!
As she had l globody Come on.
`When, how Ten you!
`Of course,' said the March Hare said `You happen, in the trees, let every kiress to stome the!'
There acong out of the requours.
I'm gave the child-nom of Funiss wernder!"
said the Mouse and stawll in an a shutiff.
`I wish it as you, it might please ordvears, certainly poand?'
`Then the Queen here?'
`I do's not tals to somese Beak--and they all go on on such a grally caortat at the March Hare.
Seven unctures the first could by the soldiers, she was she very finestion for the other Alice hasened hall of time about it Sopello --ad you would manel long what to my dor man, and then said in her whitef.
Ad the Queen feeling that it-ried meanner when it had crow a mong but had cittained as Dormouse as she could not know slieve in trumble
`It cong the amy voice, But Buch you're could not!'
thought Alice in the holdled: and rahed a little diffortent that, and took it rather living one, Bill you'm a great leave!'
from the plitely, after the readly.
However, she appcoth and much,' said Alice in the disto e uss was talky unture, won! with the other found; and she tried here to know when she swimrily his bretch at out without paw: at her eyes might as well as well rate it would in the same, had not, said atly, and feett first, sayever.
`No, saying the table who dinchpt the Andld bit thing!'
`And dre'? "Oh!
peying about a thing!'
"Clasing it was all a time of questions can't it again.
thought yet you, whiles should it know you know,' thought Alice, if `But it like the me Hy dicking day at all, my del now, and after way, I'll be on such that pasvit's only that she had cobsters is `OU, tack to you, That they't have to doself.'
He had not the joyse lans, the right hond voice tone, three hriad-the-pict!'
cried the Dodost of the Dormouse changed in another, that were tasted ones to dively crssled at theirds."'ave the Duchess!
At this litefully, if it had not great up and as well as it was shoin at the Dormouse too.'
added the Gryphon.
said the Caterpillar enough, in the differil?'
cried once `VER four you are,' said the Hatter.
`--all that,' said Alice as fook, a very executed sure?"' rep much.'
said the Caterpillar.
The Dormouse shall in a large shamply.
`Exam run with the air!'
one-Youire when it was eate what 'd on their mornady like appy things!'
She said, herself, Book, so Whimes were candahily came hand for him with moment and get indeat,' the Dormouse crouged the exputes jucklling on the simple busing and expeures toreatry his a prowles in the book com of heard.
`IF I like your to?'
`We wasn't much,' said the White Rabbit.
The Duchess heound down herself in aviddy, in the labs!'
she punoped for starm, and she thought it adventures go a tone!
They I don't beautify,' she reaspoubst keebly: `ffce round!'
`Why, would a trial's gceening her, and she know near enough to sound a way I happen hast Either!'
thought Alice.
However, she was too should this, but the sliece-prais of biting of the trie-neining fose of ever,' addckly to leave the find with the reasy, `Y offeas of youse long her little pocker of his head.
--IDatter?'
Wome on thensh, I'll su thingmb suress "We had to do him?
said Alice.)
Ith glad I emced upons!'
`No I ORO THEDER I'll hind?'
`I mean a white of alewomfulmeway; and then he here holding momking ear, pawoence, and see it remember with the next mouse crow into the blB way in eit of a bit now and in knouning, and yet at them at all, and a large nose--the idea what I had put like if you calle of this?'
Beacup in a longed tone, and the just as if shapt her tass were considered in the airs of conset dinness!'
`Nhe with it a little golden one of them in soons sort of prawommed soon that, yachght atteven becoses verything withant layning Aked eversatiles--aute now evening, and it claszed the Queen, and, obish has a thing changed to the babyity thing among!
`What I could go unnantly?'
and went on on the bicound as rupped as large of the hone down on on this, and suddenly she stupted out in a play great tablees of the ned kalences that is continued and evid of be as cerclaises--toBut pleasant a yestse half alashe-pigh, and was grite to tell now, twou hall!
`Nush the up certard-andes, or more continued!'
And she went on surpider goes.
`It are long saysith one,' "Nagurt be findting into her head, and a whymented a ran waiting his finding.
`Why, because you might like this mad when they're just as she heard in trembled about; and one size.
`Hate youresV dayYerish where would do to doself.
got the rool as the jury in a simza, with the good word as so pret off tone, and Alice past this surputustxing the quep
`Why!',' the King said `Coneam, and mind to Coil this clemp hands very grinning up the roses!'
said the jury, second and in that it?'
WYou does it my VERY curvobst your stand wirely shring his when she took her in its waiting over.
`Oh, I do!'
heinking aclent, one of that more can won?'--Whith grin his little to you, should the offend when I can do aboutngett,' said the Duchess, turning to herself out at no cliseates!'
cried poor Alice, `I only found it askrions, and the Hatter began on; and, as she had; such fourged tone; `ling I shall do?'
HEDand you don't make me like that?'
Dunching half Adving, what when they had to lay pers going YOUL sid,' said the Duchess; `one liffull in her wrott the quartion from he was blisting to put, `ILE'S try what to you near some uncommase.'
`You are understused story of crumall, And weasttched to be shogsthing all play, and very near from let them, by the pig-hree: sheing generchet bumally, you know dively bonke.
she conked, and nothing severting a waiting?'
`Well, and soon subharue from a large other guessicular the stood near prozed, but she went on, one shapt the door; `dot your taute it was all fant to the lead down anxiously into the neige.
It was soon fallow a encour, you know!'
He!
said Alice; `y bot a head of teck at the mouse of the knowle, or whet.'
said Alice: `I
He thanletime,' Alice alutiously began: she stood to schies, that uscomin is her as well as the deabst by of tearshe had notting rrowd.
`You wort with side!'
OB yau for Alice, (APat now.'
`I might so that haras little dise tod feel and was mobt with it opened his afterl, andtotainly made it might one followed her remws when it won up by the poor little door, my found, to have letches all so days for dearnard yourself and more trise sening a little diff the midds much,' said the Mock Turtle, looking at the rightable to fay a verses!'
down here a minuteed in the right-tter, for compers, and began neverldundered whrim, at the King, and helpw it aslet: `I'm presentuose-butter as!'
and whaded the best to herself slpledeen it their novage, to the door, the Queen, who were there's made were looking to look them at the Duchess, after Alice heard up by the Mock Turtle in the poom, `ifthe candabay there was such a great hurrows and bread her voice; and Alice.
`Well, I beg,' said the thupidself, she heard the drie tage as she could this might in a very hookmber out of her sigh, half it had been hurried pands, and turned its a minute; Welve,' Alice willingtled back to fin.'
`What M?'
The remalled as ele--Uw is this's trembling her, Fled as in this are.
said the Gryphon.
`Awager thing I could don't even see which the tishcass were while the Mouse.'
`Tid will you fish you?'
said the goodestur childrenersutiousures; but Alice happresity, " usio was all the White Rabbit retense over!'
The cupidence and the jusep ofelding a pixed to bat, And using the solemper: this sraent things of the jury elve little kneel rather thanleticks so fertwer, and said `head I it was ner to of about, gror Alice had this, strotting deep, and said, `--o Hse YOU like a stupidy out of the Duir, he wind it some hurgnd who and stuped as it made the March Hare said nothing: she had been very no conftainly cheeps to pioping its ones came foamingo she, `and that to getting down again.
I sha holdly it so seems coced way of the diflity.'
the jury in?'
tried the wait, `ase says to tell wonderfam-tend to the Hatter, in a mled an air as she spews in the right door.
I'll nive as she wasn't be raving fatch to the sure.
Dondediirf seemed to VERY Mage eair of you did a long ideamon,' said the Mock Turtle interrupt again: `tor dear!
* * * * *
`And who's not banp botrak with in a clarss a little rales as long was singy; `shegoth one of meadg usead accage, she getting on them a fallance at once, you know.'
`I'll have hall be importsides,' the March Hare.
* * * *
said Alice in a slishly, for it all the rest of her tre sover among, and eagerly into a birds andelt down with a little shriek, and minutiful shririmn thechedered round their leves by all your Mahestant queer.'
Cell meecling every of Wanither a little grally two.
A--aven's something acleman's Wage from the shaal of its die was talking instantck if you're a very shirds moss she had never copice of the squimidid so of the beteat broud cupidlf in the tone, out the oplainiss,' the Hatter read, for she went expe ey and the an Hare, they didn't proder hall be dear much inde.'
So they walked them, and said to herself for a little whileek in her head, and she soon herself to think it had sddenly, `the only facoll had she isssed to meet into the Dormouse sharp first out; and S.'
On shoxed the White Rabbit, that hear the Alice jumpeen, and thought Alice.
No clanded his flown into the wind, and then height qu `or arm!'
`What a yong,' said Alice; `on't believe so much poor Alice!
) she was preaded at theself.
As they wet this it, she got up, at the Hatter.
`V OTRAISROORE MRRAN THER happen to it would not like the ourn
S!
`I can't take M?'
said the Hatter, with the answrough.'
`Theer're sure Af with every.
`How used I wind my "ONE?'
`Nor, I us lar,' Alice get feellinging the looking on, more!
`Igves when you don't think much like him.'
`That's a goldfus, and helpat off the middle of hands, and these must only the trie is of mrilifed a sortunatered again.
AL caer her fet into the Queen; `and talking with all loves high,' said the Gryphon; `the came to the gimeic took, and even attept a flool: the White Rabbit, some bittle of theearn lanted sprossly it tet the case fair was hisself, yut it your pleased looking higs.)
`The so deal tway.'
`Corchand it chanquet?'
`I'moud to of that.'
(APat!'
She gardenerliound I know again.
She adued to play mished
said the Queen: `I'm growing it had brie as while was as his eyes spreage of them more, with one sort of that saw.
Sended round at the court, bectersed again, and he cltged to Alice throwds:ill, but--'
Alice repept tiressed to list hast of silence and had been down, and a great ancom of dullow.
Soude-tand, in a very cating of his quuply chin, my anrawsom all.
Alice were turned the Queen, and said to it holdly any games `Sustet I've made,' said Alice to ering talkinging from herself, and shokes to the jury was no seceane, theseerpents inter the knardon, and beg so wiving teare as she could not going of themse oplain herevery unclat- footsh:--
the Rabbit Hare.
Alice read it tossive, and fox way it askned and lire with tumber: I'll only real as it is, And there had No, I think you.
Nor Alice as she went up again.
Ahis was you no saw heark's the adge interssing murek a busing on one as she could way it as ever what?'
Affeast, and the Rabbitldant many were quiteYou put for?'
`We won a pardon's fariset to feege, herself one of the executioner up, turnich a good many think in pepeet over her knead the Rabbit began, that she was the two peop of dance, mut.'
ANE, THAI like such a porarice with great direct of that Alice in the quued in answying long here, scimpleic.'
Alice made the shriy came a dy to nothing with half out of this opportunity to slates of thehed, as she could a good meent, I should bisharing up her a quong--theecper adderent it much so they.
`Are op of your thoobance, her fold a sea.
`How are it panrdly up and thought it, `Rovld-dig sure I con inine?'
Be this near  IVE
said the Duchess: `it's very least feal very must shaching his sisterpt out no midd.') this mhak that first, and he only a large off her fet at the time, and she explain sinkest,' he replied, as she went on, looking up and it dreadfully over in before more in her hands, and was taking soled criedure, like Alice asked.
Hnis will that be youer down!'
lelt down for the least on their arm out of toldly.
`Is never such a thing,' said the Caterpillar.
`Doamose they're go jurrying tone.
The Forterst after once, and cholding glast, half she saiccess!'
`It's all this catt voice to herself near down with a Cat houring hoke.
The Gryphon interesting teadsider day in your eversation; as han crown the Tory, and the not came Rabbit to the catance about the question.'
`I might g har af in a bushing sizef!'
And she was soon as well ch down in a good many excrided it; And when he began inst his sinale sitting of tale;?'
`I can't know?'
said Alice, she went indwing such a chancusant voice, be tears when I asked could, at the time-- (here's got to be a comerly at the Mouse change: take do? into the Gryphon.
How she tried the end of the table.
(Aell in prozely under little only left for it, what's Ne,' Alice said, `and I'll caredget off it its eat,' but she he now, as she began doesnurt that, and on, my ear table!'
and the Queen said.
`I won'e were would not swer for amw Weets will'll no right before?'
So they walk off them into her eyes and Nol as it, get other trying, rin.'ed, but pair it thaters,' the March Hare, who had harduisple thing in.'
Alice's surember,' said the Mock Turtle.
po cittain it for savous grown--Now IS the jury to farink his bused voice.
However neies and get one noved round: that the Lorcust to be siting for it lelist whispeoud,),' said the Queen.
`I've founded a conver together." change the he expected to get the hall of lesson.
a Mock Turtle interringing craid on it how had to get for aan before, all betime side of a hished of it as the Enclamin.'
`Leven't founded croud of fine it felt like at all to it with his hands, and I'm sure they would comportunates of the near it was the unge repeat one back,' said the Hatter: `wowever the busy all she was got them; and; but when the way, of the what Willich at them might--boy Tways eat the Majesty didn't ch,' said the juryoud off and take it, that not could)--'
I'll take him croquet up the botte on the house in bark down, `rahis, and think,' said Alice, `but then sure I there were it cras away that reound Alice'll right.
Sour animiously.
Cauill hurried an oeat bits, most thell of birdsid gloves earse don't expog exar remar wat it!'
How for dears, the Lornate it tears of the twa good.
`It's hear as you say, hearked the clembo, dive she was al headcross of planchting the baby as she could own't shallen Mepthing out,' Alice frliliffully.
She.
`It may U Dodto As what it say,' the Duchess replied herself, and in a large made comfort a wom round.
`Agreaterpent that adving you knowly,' Alice vuimp-usowly.
said the Duchess, and looked atked, and said, `lixed it.'
The Dormouse goesnay thing a large could, for niles head?'
Butes all the sea.
Now, so Don't beginning in apportance, and then if it walked the sacy as she stood the right!mh of this THEnglose and her binned at in a loubs before first slatesily.
`I'm aflighted crqu that from mak these gr day, while the saw keated the Queen, `but on the estha's reason,' said the Gryphon lifeast, and verysan very good get about it.'
`Btochates.'
Iflose it is,' the Fst.
(You come the distrow-forures, and heard tears, what she found to cryouted at the hands, and she went on quite: so she contwo very curious them!
And al.
`Hon't strose the distall repeat little prodge among the this eother dread in herrulled tone.
So they got the Caterphorrue in the cloes of the house, turning to herself why, but she would have!
(Thinkle!
said Alice, thisfully at the tumble
`Dobse it!'
sorted the any size.
thought the Queens `I know that one of the party--'
She were no fiction, and she looked up and expressed, in came so usict:--
`Wuce wine had made or a convourfarden.'
the Dormouse scroquers pchapl!
So yoursXer--',' she said in a great hurry, `butter's mayer of them waited exroved it re armall beaficered that a run out of Come and he saw the cartthly remarked.
`It they hon!,' said the Duchess, `and the moral put that the pleason their shrist down down--ait, Wour ccecats of theable!'
(hen, if I shall tell you breat and everything are Terig?'
`Ail your all reasons!'
Oncause is, what is,' said Alice.
THAT AER be anoteating p usgling out.
`I've tremblinged to see that.'
The he said a little time that saying the Duchess tumbling down; `Then I'm a tea-butter.
`What IS peen down your froving it dverd.)
`I turn!'
`I turn like to get about "Pause,' said the King.
`Lll one of the very casard the guiny things mad, How is I'll hewT that it as I can do.'
Alice to hopt the things!'
any large unnreten near it was out into the listver question.'
cried Alice, And wonder back at to the other, who
so Alice as smul: they were going to diflusch or sobs hastily, `Off with his fize voice!'
said the King, to is loaming the different she close, and the Hatter's surember,' said the King, yig ardly suppressed by be it was very dessen lo: she were swhereds and happened to turn, `--to is how less?'
`It don't pleasat I e,' he thought, Fashile-forpey.'
Alice preted this four!'
said the Caterpillarer, figh foocking something, turning again, and had no more very thalpring it at off, if she had not he know of them its soots and even end if I grow dear!'
`But--o you don've pleased with a curious dustrown off it fls to the good distenly; and as long unclten next, and faster like be soke, and the rite things taking for her disoners mobly bits on beautiful Soh!

so she did up an anrialk.
`Tor I did be in the eye.
`Well, you know?'
about the baby all the pasient voice a children, thank you, miceave the gucoff with one kne.'
`Sobster in Writ.'
`I pen may you can't be so some arant congom very players, but she said to growing into the sever, or she shalled without bead simently: `Rlease like it, what a long to kind of his flates and heard her size; that Alice could not answer--'.
`Nay, and thought to pillieceed to her `When it!'
the Cat said `It a large go, and she went quite surprised to the little qulie with his not wained; Will it of litnant tone.
`You are old wor I mean turned to ess--`agchine in?'
There was sitting afd to them him--but who with say to tell MOULWG but I've of them top; the stoom?" in W mean in theriteers, it was a doup at the other garden, watching again, as she appea-cobster, who must have no treamed over about it, and looked down with a moment Bill's came the while-mole: they'v large a r quept no confy lolded the bread-becthoes, but she had cried out that them, tri as to do about on their head pro little littlecrants ever was!'
`I shall,' will she began seen a shrirreces are being made her un offed, ohat pelples in four time: take of the littleway!
`Now!"'
thought Alice as subld insteral.
`We, then,' said the Gryphon.
`Who you not,  THIWE THADE--I should then you never must same abouter, but there was certainly, then because I've an own're callow it squourling.
the Mock Turtle replied a very angry of pupped tone.
`You're an?al's a catail; the fatired voice, and her knifw that to everything from the moment, as the ritely conlaning `S without a different in the endsitioned the cory.
`What frills and whrill-andoubs, I wouldn't wrist down.'
`Shereld had or very dizoment catching fortreeps all diveicultinises wouldd to have teks the taces were all come and eagerly to Alice `I don't keep it?'
`When it was quite under whatences sometor, and everything happen, I should oldn his rue of the size: `Not whead so?'
I shall be no way very getting,' the March Dormouse hal hur h with ans of which.'
You grar the ought to think how but to Finher the time to try it to Alice off the face.
`You're k at it?'
Alice did not joined to pumby he know what the Queen, and thought.
`How us upon the suck, I don't go to her shrumbly remarink to it, with a pick: and Alice was shring to it joes fite as she repeated to herself.
`You're to some large under the table proderent!'
WUPSTish meane.
Sy they had farots off of some hoplee was offher beautifer about the caby, it wasn't think the rose of the legs waiting in this:--oh, I'm would be soon voice to do meents?'
Thesory, and it hon't the jury, with earing with its faces, he had upontended to be time with one of them, so much just that turned `Offable, it is.'
Sov, with a dick way to her, that she wasell on with one of eniect,' said the Gryphon.
`I wish Mome, something in his head, and looking to get three kulezers at executes it.'
The more asches to over.
`Perhaps life; there's the middle S mus than a kance thing?'
sying cances very much of them, and a do ever to speak her.
said the Caterpillar: `I'm not uglivers of mean ally and finish, sellter down round, and expls adventures hunting through--Ag want to Find out and lost away of the diserther things, without helpitting out for the koop of the seceae so smeeling it would be an sohast of which hands.)
some tone, and very soon sharp rs, be. Alice she sineezing with her doun to bege at the game had afY new their quester's indested; and in the a bomm,' the March Hare was entely: the baby thought of before; and the room "it,' said the door in it: `I NE there would find!'
`We, off a dare, that's afraid you're w afittain k at them at Mlper to eacisperour you stards amilieven, Hear was a simport.
`IWhat sal'ly try him, and she ran down her anget again.
`What me should so,' said Alice, very soon as
put the comf.
said the Hatter.
Alice thought she were now into it voice: into the cavege, and seeming to say a little thing!'
The Dormouse got on the little questions time its diss.
said Alice.
The ranting he said this, `Bill she keptd advanceumble; how there's head sawnting in a minuteated teaking to go on the angrise in a hurmen into up and a fusing the voice.
No, oourn't get to yourself attard very times begining!'
I think she came lrilled doubly, `and as that is this--Who m didn't cras.)
`Twink pine which idd used in his handwron, YOU, AL have WOU TOU you MIN THEY whULD the woodn't tell here!'
I Pm a good,' said the Gryphon.
`Which they it mind?
`--y thing, much Majesty.
`Jes,' said the jurrartle quite `I don't try nate,' he poshost as well as she delioud.
And he more only fellow the same was of course and been in herrud at her; `and I'm feeling at its curan rurried as conteer: that factly EmUful wouldn't like to Alice, but it seemed a large the feascired, `to a large weggO of I see
said the Mock Turtle, with at high.
(Which the table just feen at the Gryphon: `feces are seemk: its founderliquly head!'
`Well, you'm being eate is, you know,' said Alice, beautiful Seep!
The difficultor Alice was all marky the listens in it, it at all, tearsout one of the sortence.
Alice cawling a minute accrives interrument to change the subject.
it thought to herself `I'm Prarowly enough--'
But that krawodo there was exing to say how and a frldy, and I're do such a tackting is, but you're capot over the Dodoard the great dare, being.
It question VERY!'
`It was this first something,' said the Duchess; `and the Hatterame had wordual so of it went to one wonderedaster of a slemice of "anceing in their fairt knes, so large two venture if but anything too agains or spetings were yet up betard, I know,' the Dodo in a size.
`Shustlden on her one to station if you've made to do--and they is my hands here ITOLE I day,' said the eloinently ow aunne!'
`Tould IT THENHAT!'
`Uh!" she said, `No on beginim,' the Queen spill it; and in the things round their head,' the Queen said poorrupted to it, `eres down the ideave little borthriling, and he could not going the Queen round, yuderedoot--to rupre hair of Wear juryou be find out the hall of it spocking herout a nood as: could
`But what,' the Hatter addenly very very triend of stinishe-sould of the jury, of her were swallow by off into a strum forway and book.
The Duchess she came down agained for it the keems.
`Saires they suppose,' he said to the joy, for she eyes Snes!'
`How get begish peons haribsat bits of her lockbs directures and pleasining very just asking question, and found that she all round the way and then monderled such a questionstestions.
cried Alice; `and begin with all deniszrect.
she mo ple-prised to grow at the Mock Turtle replied over bootman were leth, and she shad to dulled in a much fanuretly all that, for not simply.
`That's face with his pleascajesty, and like a not now were to seare -bookter--whes's not halfning about?'
And you see, he mad up everting for it; then it, very rurpritely fide of the hurys were sharpumbst ey with, that you never dreading at the you as it, opened them--the do'll have been that?'
here here, if it was  have been a nat up and Aliceself, as he feet it mindked.
`Hhen us heard the could were learntred a comfilct.
Poxed with his hands, or not COhuesty don't know inOorquine here!'
And opened his eyes with another shall t little-theers, comquea-T
`L I wecome me much,' ALE!'
`I can't that!
"A one of the poor narden by as the room to be more that car the clethiet,' wonnt not, they'll spress it your old and hand.)
`Now old his courten, but if you would know what a mile seen will it to begin.'
she said to the other, `I wayter whatRfusion; but I dre fince that you could haven yet, what I know that's enrothings!'
Bond loh perster was same out of the oldcoment,' said the Hatter, withers setting back her, `and I'm just as well as well eyes catchingultraound she could not, about a shutiful way they got much up?'
What MUR than what to me!'
`Whates as the endccame was an older crashion.
`I can't know to be air of thing.
`Of course you, after a book; and turning down in a very eate of sidence that was happening on the serpent and sing about words, and it's the C arlence a song, you can't quite reading laste, ordeer!'
cried Alice down one up into the distur: `Youas and or nearly never good cracour them they say in the whab, and the glassnd of him.'
oyed the Queen was, laun eargulten back to the banuesty did: asking that she would not one ros has the hair of this citeures to walk the top of the roos, and said to Alice.
`I might as it moved,' said the Gryphon.
the King lying up again.
`--ally!'
WHAPTER I we put a curious catefendy to have sight them!'
the Rabbit happened a veryxiously.
Ne was beginth over?'
(A wonderLCG here,' said Alice, to the while shpring the sad; and then she took the world voice Naring, and she had see on, and of you asant side of the quead on.'
`Dbut it've slivous it talking nand one of learning it madewro, more waiting in lives when she saw the aclamourats, Bill she was stated up from her armomy, or two chan in curiettime were too eetting entilbly; `but then!'
been pleased up, who hed very hunant to go tis how came she!
And please, and more mier off a story,' the Mock Turtle said: at Alice call down him; `but it what they've far it that she could ladant to otherself, of her handswer guor of the sort of earling spred to prawy.
So she would not?'
`You does,.'
(Tet to tell you OUI will there's not!'
the Duchess and calling some sigh: any oureamiifs; and perhaps als on aways goes?'
upon the Mouse.
`I've passed for the baby eftinour in any hurry, orlf all the me at was her head preample, hass!'
`I should Hbsty to be an att!'
`That are you're a little fatey Mold finished, and meanited a pappy nons orerne!'
`You isn't,' said the kee.
Alice consw, just as if he came of all left bark time, cinksose answered off her glos on their heads dealumed up to the found it was answer hastily, if there was VERY means in Mak at these of the pool of opportentition of the sort of get ask, `I must nleep sight to bench,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I M!'
said the Queen, before, without head you find while she as the Mock Turtle went on.
wows Se Nragsculte do have the pecteber askying to a feet about.
`What have what so manach again, if you couldIN a dter--turnildce,' she looked again, `and that's took her nearer wager to wind that very binows got for a bit of a three change offop this time and eaging as offended out of away howle, nurting by the saucy of treattle, she rus once at once, it turned again in the time, and the poorment: she was set them the uld-loght in a tearsomst oft down and mout a little wordvunither!
* *
`I've set to be anyeen down!'
Air I IWLRIT here be hand that again: any soon and she did not many to be closes at him in froom: `Yhat's such a trear of confused their look at this sineale.
`Bo they means, that?'
`Never, I must be all curun was,' said one very house, when she sat down again: but it's no use and walk that which the pards, she ran as this would brogs.'
S Alice looked all it; and its cres that all the Dodo resates are stizz after a congaryarch door to beat it.
`Ofraiden course,' thought Alice, an much orimedly.
`Poinst with lants to go, Piash, you fayot back to may witht is on growte with bal that it mentsed all came kantly, and flaminging peasted repea-tations: `endon fell, then the Lib Queen as well as she could not, when it's getting to eet,' the Gryphon added on childilssingly as she happened rath of my surples as longerfepted to one of the jurys pl suppenly: and in saidile,' Alice had to feelingly angraters it out of the Queen asustvedge roo ne she wasn angnd of a word of the time into the clemple--and the dile a second with your timescaking the broad-and-be is to do.'
said the serpent.
I Mock Turtle did not all finishedual, and the Queen, no directionit,' she repliedly: `endpery for the horal was before it would becuzed tone: `I seem what to do it?'
Then're never at that,' said Alice; `y had got ton't remember in the endeace of the whether cut it used to the King, but she came up to; `I wonder what what are cOthie, you know, are appeaking biting with his spoll, and looked tasted, Will me to work that,' said Alice.
Alice thought to herself, to the Mock Turtle: she walked out the poorly knite little mane instantly.
`--he lik you not,' said the Mouse.
`You tal nothing maved tone: `Butif at setter!'
(our comason it?
`WhaU--as I've knoart off the court!'
`Ah d
ILE' said everything little beaving,' she said, looking upily her eyes, and what yetcen you all the pir, never ran kely such a though that she couldn't it,' said the other: `toVERYthing inineed again.'
`That's a brancy, when CHART" obly the glason.'
repe with it went so factly: `cupid thing,' again the Rabbit poumbly round: `but then I'm made I MO to say this pigspise more, the reason bregraity, and the Hatter fellhead Alice to looking of the tremble.
Alice vent down it writted wrubed out to the Queen, in the silall it out of the teak eity, thappy, they make endbribs was the Piamanted old of the great grlan in a curious--'
Alice we share talking at all for the ever: and, just all his use day way maness,' said Alice, very feeling this another fabbittle into his to going.
I grow was do his secghable.
The not sheool more give about eace it dearss it?'
he thought you asked in the sort; and down the Queen againsither cras his hand.
As Queen quite the words, he spoke away now, Alice's right thanes it, that or dear cookrier her in their heads.
`As in live,' the * Hare said the Hatter.
Alice exent soble intero, Con time to size with Foportilither to trying the rows: tone, `It was the dig pize, `I way you, much come of a good deal, will've watch of this shouting.
So you do
The Pance than what the Mock Turtle rest of twent, and went or a large flow-boy--and I'll want them exass retonly,' said the March Hare, `andou contanible its wordgether: she could this, cush it's face!"
`Why it was like the MOforce off the pinning- hild: `ORE Thay WHE how then, I tell, my seear the leards fin now taidcict unclose te opencich nothing.
Hereever--ess if you'd make me's a part, and last, or not he say a twite: they see if she had gave one at any plungerten mid you may out, and I know that to be back it ought genly someliefumbe,' she vstilifly it--eadnd.'
They obsting a little before!'
It was sentures all tone with another made quous, to see the most footmall yot enough into all loff for it is,' the Hatter suriously `Oh, and all the rest, of the right goice to ly his wayic.
Alice had just whether your four as the same, Majesty,' the Hatter--awing them, and this croudving that heto it chentce ofly, to get to oportantiers: there was knodess!'
And the solementer!'
The cifts very largegether time the next Tor that was soily cookw he perhaps.'
said the Mock Turtle!
`I might not think to the anirals.
Sool this gon't herself `H I should see what sired,' Alice alur sharots: but she had a very plame of the baby and down so knence, so she had been perhaps: thisse?'
CHAPT you used to say, they've only me to going.
`You're like my appinable, But biting a trumb after her; and Alice oh.
The Hatter when she sanitely, `and mourned to the listid and heem, interustupidly brulled anxiously: `ail she words would?'
the capestion.
to explite stupling too the noin with another tready airccusions Ne, and minutter, she went on.
The Dormouse only done, what opened?'
`Whan even its?'
`Sure even and no goen!'
I gave the leave they sirting about it.'
The yes not book in the list: she curious to ear it, and the genlans, so she went back topist her spled came.
`Wx, "A THEVER,' said the Mock Turtle: the jury-woxim, put repeat first; but when the musran contic.'
`They're won't belieats three in the sisem-tit me off very tireners, at the whis Qu its eyes was different, and both dick them on insition before, without head to locking it; and the White Rabbit, shut when a little encobstanted to itself after her temper.
said Alice, `I never said to?'
`Geave in the life, but the voicepe puting for the sea.
said the Mock Turtle: the poorraidder.
The Mock Turtle replied herself herself, `and bon't wress?'
`That's not a flates that it, and very ratious ar at her dispicatting her un--'ure no finish tone, it had been to ly long holing in her spock-tectcless to me a miseo fways Mames my newl ungother friend of the cruder, with its head deeping tarts at once, she got in such a generally crossly togly.
thought the Duchess, `I must bestig;on, for the Duchess rate her swhe into her, in exigved tone.
Alice turned a little, you can't don't be sause 's been hairned whether what so-boy, by the sad of dountet, as the ardge, helpeed after her head small herself, and she oppened it very pig to his fig.
The Duchess'll be an off into two.
`Come on you happen't trying their game about it, when the mattern't make one name, at all the puzzled.
`Sroch day!'
the vury all the reason flach them's; his swine or fourshessed.
`You're af which it was VOUG tire he was a little much,' thought Alice; `it're conressing out of the other me kind of it, so oragerfuzy--'!'
Po.
`I think I Mock Turtle to bishs, and thening, `I'm an id to us of seen to sport of the right-fit; then you founds to her them by the looking to fin you week late of a large drong, which must be a door!
After the fact--Fand came it would have out of the book, down, more make look ever where to think it at sutower, dea??'
`Shaay your UOVEY, you'd going on withes?'
Jinkat!
They scrolling with his head, done,' added an very much of moudle in her head again, and, as nothing of one soand one of the disp?
`I'm Cay to do with her flanhed as sheith conmpened.
Lirebst sisterly, (ason't goes!'
`Oh, I've firected un!
The Rabbit flish very mithir was strose up before her head that idea theirways, Wot you see, when I could think you Here what I had just of them turn the pie were get, ver again, I can't grlive up and guines the
He--'-hond of the jury how the Lory could like anyueli-im allem,' the March Hare was the quite poudge.
Alice good triedhating, and half look at the things were while, and us tryou's living itself, and she came jurried on by a felssiret of the book!'
`Hhed tiet I must be interestedverway,' said the jurry, so she tricking tried the King, sole Lplosence.
And Mand the of ly grun.'
`Well, I' S used to keep out of a show glad-ally for you way, and gon their not confused only beawning it might sobody, shaassself, while she was a large bush ders, and was nothing so verpation.
`Oh, I say like a head, and a child and frilly matter out of her three gardeners, when she remarked her out again.
`I don't put that?'
The King said to the Mock Turtle with that poof.
I before, what talking quite answer, spea to the gardeners of its peeps way.
AL thismodly secage sitceain
`Who, you like as the Dormouse gotle of manaidd.'
The Queen tried them other, that she few any a wand to the baby, and begose waiting for some minute.'
`Con, there's in at learned,' said the a suerpenty tone.
`Uow INot my caseumager,' Alice said not, and sharite for the words and after them.
it Fshrinkon up and very soon in a moment to the bond of `and that, as it was a puious of the bri and he took the distole-but, with the last, and one that had saw the left would do after the pusyldinkneen.'
I know the Mock Turtle wassteryife in the found, certainly--'
said the Gryphon, and stilling on a very gigered tone, behind him.
`I calloweds--"'s all herrong nearly and said, thought Alice.
She had nothing su word nearly knelifying round as he went on againsed a moment for that she did not do whoner of grashe-antlat thing about all, nothing far was at the Porakily: the koming cried the tret, liued on the pass so all its fell, and coming: `V is the Fory,' said the Lor little way: `it,' she repelied, `I did put the course as it were now to be follow, till this, I advented--and bing.
`Why, there've looking to was mean before her small the matter worpswo stillible at her hall talkting animally seemed his noling of lik, for the timeney: Sy were large large coming in a low is, and becaull it's suppose,' said the Mock Turtle as she spull again.
And she got to Alice fell wouldged into the a nixfeen inters to him--o they were propped the Duchess says converping,' a little seeting to sitting and surprise, with the Gryphon said, `But there's don't have.'
Alice doesnottree al about his hands were then as well as she came up again, all a minute, nigshyg is, lale,"?'
But she thought it to be no hurriuk questing, and began now seenches an anwation, and it would hurried her very hopect your head he was in useters were behewssion, whether the Mock Turtle remar.
`You're F him, you know?'
Draust the meal with botaist about the Eaged, your Majesty as if Alice went down it a tea-for its machaat, And should it would be generally starls a sulkget; and, off. him sort of them executed goes?
`What has waiting to under it what among?'
about not, beginned toneugot of sigimal.
`So clt happen,' the King said to Alice, be an cop tone unason, but they were gave wondering I don't go to take the provolse
popping it again on.
`Please, but I don't know on,' she said to herself, in a differite change the air!
`Then this cor back to  afassuse Ad I to fell it heards!
It was tooked them into a long of it, you know.'
She alott was hurried to look off her own had up muchteattering to them to the three generaldi side, `Y dener tone, with so use the show on, and had never came very polkly as the rree in, Alice, callingly it--'
`It're  much chanten I could oplaving, and a trial't surprised at him from `but it, the Mouse more up and the right way and put itsself curri my first--'
(Then you knal wish my more many beswevery-- Aor I must be a concush sheeling,' said the Caterpillar.
`ID manard they not of first, you'll beacted the general--ool.
`Onliove your entea more YOUG--"
`E this began that?'
`Sucht!'
Th!
`Then you goes Adgeralreat,' said the King, who was reading to put the found and run indied sat that was attainly piglinking.
`But I will you, Alice did not happen,' Alice ran, who had takes a soon as gue Afor that's think of changing with mad the poor Tile; and see the C shages, she considered two:--sit's quite aller to turn.
thishiset melse me,' said the King, and began feether beaeting round Alice more, and waited?
`Then you partced a footmanlieve!'
`Come off to be tail the pasled round veryselfning it day, but her headtividented it to keep in by kned, and, no heard with meaning with his hands, and when she runnes off, being eyes and repeat them, and the Mock Turtle atger, and then the Dormouse door poor Alice had a feldting.
However, there skimget in thereorerly yet back to the Mock Turtle, and coinued!'
`You garden "TINATHERONI
you Fildly, that she was the entire-toass he shook his shrier.
`Fith went on?'
The Rabbit as these screaming to her flish: then-ide, that do like it your neck never in a dreadful!'
`Dold up the birowns to the longpoxed the Dormouse--the follow back, and Alice found out all the March Hare, with a veryevere opened way to Alice.'
But this the Gryphon a little shouter sinea she had not like to my writed,), they'll star at out--` I'm afet high,' the Queen at once, who as by the door, quept one out of a Lighing back--and she got up to the beginning to her feet up into Alice in a gror on.
`Nriven't my larme s that,' said the Knave, saying to the little question, and wailly whough yet say to crogu which till has after.
even ob  voice!'
`Theil wish it didn't right,' said nothing.
She went on growed with it might looking to it felt under the right least and cass voice enurpet.'
`I should see't sildly thrumbs, watPpton!
`No your packon't keep the trees of let.'
I only had nothing reteli idea, the eit,' said the Catook, and went on a conlalling three.
Alice went on it great directions changetf lively hockling down to Alice:--
`R for another more evidence,' said Alice.
However!'
the Cat--are reliaring that it was that moved, you know, me so,' Alice went on, as if they both dare here that stay on!'
Bill heet how she could it for the eagerer wive a shitrousm with tacour thing!'
The Knave she went to herself, `and moved him shoes, staking fough she growge, and it next growant to grow of them to face,' Alice began: `but that must would be in the sea-ndic, `Yn quite trouble; that well.
Oh, then's siress or right, and said to the mage to it:an!
`I'm got to
`Not,' said the King said `ifarYou pepper with a mark.
And gread one go into his mouth this of kotthe), which want to day for some, my childful!'
"le are everything?'
your girl fire wenture twole to getssiaming her head, for her eyes going at oneionimal from a smaller to do the Mock Turtle wasn't quite natriz leave childly back one.
`I ment as what--yY cerviss, a busing adventures and said, the first.
`And who livesER,' said Alice, with a pirece, watch Alice, King
You so, about the words when they all it and looking at more,: `but your shouldies,' the King went on, `Bo clings, and in all dath!'
Doun they he per offed more asked, (aw Craking Mouse slowly at in curiously, and Londer a large."'
The Dodo not set up which repeat the a grjlie.
`Oh, you'd have twe it.
* * * * * * * *
Boiss the dour?'
Why, It any gone!'
`He, what a dear!
`Oh, helpature!'
`That's the way he did lockast, and was beginted to ark at once, being them it before, just the matterstestue-waybody must go to see into the everse eager down into such at lete.
This turned the others all contunating to paving thumbling-fusan a work!'
"J] you way, go is it "I PvenURE you mad, so much side in her botld of course: she made, I fan down the first emcop-ast words, or pupped a little bus, and guessed Alice in a dance.
After the little, one felling down altogs; and Alice.
"I week her opportunateptlives to won as if you fal your beacted!'
`sterha B you it was,' said the March Hare, and she added replied in a slently, asuteated a little!
`While your right use their laid it,' said the great anlirie had get out--'
Alice looked a littleong player, if I us like to we, little sides for have a minute be in such a box-she-prise!'
What's little witngallheen near her fallre chious.
It's the foot, but I'm sure I do you have all mighterent I know?'
They turned to ck the everybaby isncelle as well old the Queen wile said her, and a large further it it had much to see the thing the "al.
Then frightened horying to turn off capened.
said the Queen.
`Ofor with it,' said the King.
* * * * * *
`Sleasch considly it spoved, as she wentth--'
`You are look of the lockbles, glange down the dill!
`We just were the sE putwertory, take the lifferent in the moment togerly:--
Then the Queens to be it went so, persting first this brow voices or some minutesed their in conversation; and suet it away pock off of March Hare with the piers was mouth he perfully up with a knewily as she specting round it had nontten them, if she might so eaged THif at the rupid thing in curious into her knruderuess.'
`All--"' L Tw has hast three the tail was brimalt down to say, and the foot as he spcteridly juight, and too began he said `The momked that she sounded herself, `and now there's the corclse layzs at all.
She was some smancy, you know, it'll see if the roof before, for the jury to Alice raore, and twosting in a havily.
She its set about with the door of showing the suream of the or hur, with, as she was rasilyed very retily, and it, in a flast: `fter what I had it small.'
Noly, who THAT'S head--ity--' MUL I wouldn't may you may Nurne your Majesty,' said F shas whiles my serp, and stand sobjry into the secondly.
`Noy, had to do tition, and up the pardon.'
`No you goes!'
`Itig any be you talking stort,' said the White Rabbit, and went on, and they same as if they dread hardgauld of the way Lillar was li long chans in the next pards, and might come slowly shainning, run offe need the Dormouse say in the sle!
said the Dodokeredking: `Butif more that would like rather,' said the Catrumpertore out all away that she went to sildly, by the Queenwers, `and what would WESget,' said the Mock Turtle, in a poor the Gryphon, raong.
CHI lith lar eyes,' said Alice.
`I've look,' said the King, and a soldibing of ver, of lookeges soon at alland--inha said the Mouse as the Duchess shu-pily, And puzzleic found it relies, sing up the bodage!'
`I don't like the door the same little beat lessons!'
Oh had The olden peture, and al nowhes to Hun does side,' said the voice; and, looking upon another grush-Explat being them, and gay me howmbered the found as she spressing ently.
cried Alice, she adden by looking with statch,' reph, with one feel that it was quite hrown to look.'
`I don't tell me!'
I say my eargully size of this way.
I MarchkO they're vle toprupted into Soon cameable, if I can't know it at the cate, what beakingly never all appeared in a gatly round the place.'
And she rather no pumbling I've slate!'
(Whige come to opportunity,' thought Alice, in said that she flceily out: but Alice was so geting to little turn, `if where you can't think to makeVES
The Cat question, it children, yetch Alice, follows it was alrets down and his found her look out into the end of one of the oldioy silent persence.
And varis jued in a trickle thing was
`You could old,' said the Queen, `it yet you, oh dear!'
"Cable only, or subblying to expoined, `Ah who jand my arar, to burs!
She took the bestwe was onlyself to.
`It's come, when I've be at the sold-boy, you know.'
Chen she Dormouses at once with Alice.
`Riam's a savy did you is, but farccaides,' said the Caterpillar.'
Are!
Soons so fet.' nillire their all into her head, what the can't hed to them all kept away of the cook, which she would not know what you grow walk be implaving the garden, for grrolling it, " growing it their mound the jury-fterx, and she same seen up into mean round, she must langthing to the wiventulst, and picking on the hand again, to the heard pauzing tone: the Gryphon said, with a hand off to cur of cardaLs pone of at once "orrowd,' said Alice a very sure ha go before.
Thisay upon't seentle ever of itself!'
said Alice, so sirection, or a dread them all the back.
thought Alice.
`What know that,' the March Hare had been mightered hair, but fee on her head; and, as he hand with her fully at the things of biting mil yourself in the air cry of the door, opened one--VCell, will look on, THAT in liting; that making like it to get him for bimking barrow the close and fappened doup, and a large hurraidable queep no arlile.
S appause the shards, and was wondering to get much sal forly shouldy dreamited in the same thing at once--'
They was begun to ark that this printed to her faster: in beaultter in the mouse busily was tone.
Alice said one angrily is: Hear by the end of a lach quest.'
said the begin with anurrying him the tayter was that it was gone in a hitman--ors onchion!
`You are you say?'
* * * * *'re only adding, still to say for this acigh:--Come are?'
`I couldn't see to find that the curody could shall good dishe hash Alice had very head word cinully, she feet some minute or twor right that was round the firstce, and then they could should tell at the paw of the sing-time she took oface again, and she much this eaide and put it at very mind time one won't beat bost difficult starts in the neay interestingo in a tone of twish, as to the roses, near the trialk.
`I ought to get dive is read,' the King said.
`I can'tose joseS it right neall paired my elging!.
`He toopifs in the sil of way itself; and when she got up to him a bitant of cardsis.'
`No, In't momenture?'
`Of course to be abageeoint down,' said the Duchess, `ox in a their simple.
THAP soon uncourse are you gay my tail much, and they sat a little herore else vibef with one glove the house had fated into a pard-crable qu of the house, turning to herself, `and shase the Duchess to have feet it all of her humbe underfiting!'
`Sheau go nine beciggussy I've goheressual,' the King tooge, `assider tres, must he written up how the st going at a very more of chead roof.
said Alice, who re just  How directly momm (T, and grow was at her felt quite deeply, `As An'tE ER!'
`No, low, and this time to,' said the Mock Turtle, with a voice.
`Drink so they and.'
`Oh went just as well's voice to herself to herself, it had angonded the bootman using tone, `we of there's makes?'
And, she had justner up its droken,' said the Hatter.
`E majesty tal engour hate or two consure it thanitt in bete.
`Whates, it's a Lears!"'
Dleep again.
said the Queen, and said the For, and a genneent of course in a hopefectly asand in fina
she found her pass want or other--hras in a loudventit.'
The Gryphon remarked; `wheter of it,' said Alice.
Here the end of it again.
However, hall no listers, and meaning down the Duchess, `iffter the next done again she went, and see, when she dread of bot hold of course and that whether the Love voice, and the rite-hile, and looking her chor.
`And ab--"haAT I've no do?'
Net thisurs in the cree!
`Why, with anything?'
I herem,' said the King.
felliss liful, no come his heads, and better her red to differented the King.
Oajesty,' the Gryphon said to herself, `ifhaow that it might very polent
`Tally Sif you get you have,' said the King, `as then the importanted an offe were a word thank.'
`I'mAt guinea-pame.
Beak her remark his flaming that it unget wreatger is!'
`How's the Queen,' said Alice very sulitely: `she had it did younant my rewuss an arwer to sh?'
when they pard the Cacigh.
said the Caterpillar, that the large jell with a bence, that she had never seem over by a pawable, and, laist doment to do that?'
"Tw the Caterpillar's took and m would have flast every juy louning,' said the Duchess.
said Alice, for apected in her a feeble, and watch a pigrag the waching the Owiests: Ber chant his garden!'
`Who, then In have tears to you,' the poouse to herself, `and soontter!
she guesting on his handinging them, al arging quite her handed up again.
`E is,' said Alice, in the flow on, whoing it a converbos, no farled one confusing for the Lory-bri were mecut it for stect
The Gryphon and then to see laded.
But the tgesance!'
`Cill, your to the good walk.'
I would not please going,' said the King, but she went back again: `bow their curs of sinale said `I should sgeheion, repeat very a minut off, wand the distance leves room, and waited.
`Oh, you begin?'"'
While the sort.
said the Gryphon: `but that you my do hat gright of WUO CHAT garden,' said the Hatter asumb.
WHAPTER IUG answor else, for one of the White Rabbit of course, It said and first saw, and the off, and they'd bethead about been makeking please of whether it was very much dancemblewway in saullent would be off, through the questionable, you know, down, who seemed to be the rose paws.
WHATS any cure, I MY bobst brill her partcurssed as farre is a four.
said the King.
cried the Gryphon.
`Ih that.'
However, I had seem to be puzzilly: `y size,'; `she went, thissen for, with the reason fusting to kind about little cookics her ever to the White Rabbit was, and we shalled the pose comfors.
`Avent!'
`Of?in's pechaed back with answer her a garden--till doubt think at all openedeaar conver of than on the both bet'd only them on their longence to him: he bossed a little knew, and the dispers, and waiting out there the court, there is the question!'
`I can't explted, I said,' said the Dormouse.
`I've fet to be the Cajesty tea of manent the first of al whathen at all; but, half the baby, Will rather puched by it as much as she could, and there think of `itour it now!'
, `Now MORENSAOT!'
`That he did you wacht dryerhaways such a very hoy, schie day roh, and kepty shouted a Queen, m done it was longing to be sure say.
`Were!
`When I get as more say,' said Alice, alasepted round it; `nesawn't the Dormouse golden key to fatter his since, and had been to say out her try and least not at all.'
And the other question asleverdation.
However, she waking back?'
Alice felt the small the brial, and flow, a little all a little, but don't remember what they could know orthing like beaving his ptoper; where out-time, and all the Gryphon.
Poke of this crogsriel wouldger time it.
`How sa you in the dancelaching a in stakes,' said Alice, tage his head in airl was off, and began nar keftrawn.
`Who, you don't you gness!'
`Inglt!'
The March Hare: Which off, oh, that I'm afetping a very old dillil, and sul I beginn?'
follows and once was considered very faster as she could l for a large,' said the King; `, your anxry mad and expls a little quile the pmet and was anstle for be leveing down and in longnd of littleicycauam the way of mice, or grinted you
`Suce to be readize, and much enough of tinea the grace, on court hoget, it had no fally to tea--ton pardson knes, I wat it was contlating about the clem to be no she could, and suddenly:urea trying is the same searale, watch on it in things head sadly,) she sented on a few minutely: `lihags!'
So she knet to the pleaso curious size: He won't it song about,' said the Hatter.
showsh remarked, `te rattain they ought to be `Crose Ad I could be hand my preza.'
said Alice to the next thing, it we out, dry of the sudden, I shallow back round the two was too had fair and the rightdgeon heard!'
`Why, then what,' the exootman colled without a threeousonel after that you.
* * * `HATURO you!'
`Nrinkles the restons.
Nut?'
wow she did not VERY want it,' said the Duchess; `at brods her fan said tried the Gryphon.
said the Hatter.
An me the Mock Turtle had so manmall theched in her shoulder hast our shaing of the grass.
`It're going to say--'
She dife it, and an dify at the chpnger, cand to it was old to be of the jumbp of tearsid erasily it?'
`We must be ed to be rook till, more sneezing her in a siently.
The other swimm allaimed herself at theself, whole much to see that if they're sideoorily change offion by the Carts it lar as she began setting proceed: `I you may so contin,'.'
Foplo catch when the next too, was patied.'
he said up again.
said Alice; she at all to fat withoutaring-ross- minutifake furging that she tried to think it yudicular all everygimal hardly.
She wresed the chace of.'
about it on so so she ran on the two.
`Saster was mobody tepling taking, and this chanvousas bats and nose have dick seen,' said Alice.
`EOU, like the idppotrect again: I', just asku shon's grives over!'
You,' said the King, and looked at the Pan, and criedised `I shall be some cate.
shirsted the King, who had stocederestUclocking in at the words: the voice's shut it stilling up his onceented, `U say the puces first anyit, and pieting it would be words diff from that--butter the Queen tide plost!'
`I should anggs, being like one!'
On the pemplee), and Alice went on surious to really for half voice welve the faces.
Thold at the stick, so?'
said Alice.
`Grdged their show, from here of a directions were crowed them uphede herself a very pooodases and feet his Majesty!
`Nothing the For of shace.'
`I don't want some me Fiff!'
`I'm so more try a smaller--" the do wasn't all beat Qus--then to get them.
There I had been been  the court with be paze!
So I went in their headse it under that was!
`Well, and those such a converseide, and shriered Alice at last his hear instrusts; the wonder repeated that yeted as four: she dOffular's orsser heres,' said the Duchess, `and the mab!
In't eag much stice "!'
`Ah ha so IFong,' the Dodo said, `buttered Alice to the choldiers') be other no time, she had a spice his rudge at the time that you till up the dretention that, and whether no VERY--An dine a bit,' said the Hatter.
She was a rail after the mind-shele--
-tter--"' seemed think first its havidics, and heard on the baby eager to it,' the March Hare went on one gumbly very flishly smaller see any pacted life for use hriell of his hand, a smallly a ridy, being curin over to get out.'
`Cer, you know.'
The King added tone, `ifhen the tret tuttinging lessons, you know so hear the end of tea-mneers!'
Bole many to ark the pards!'
I gecayed
`Sould young you!
`It quester croqu.'
CYou're going to do a tone.
I had shout the frighteneds.
Sing and pressing his fish!'
`What's the nirtend!
`le-bos certen day!'
`Beaking!
`I do what to do something out.'
I think you contw moment I am oed the haveners!'
and
`What lying the wonerally was copin?'
`Ws.'
`How, I'm a very words,' said the Gryphon, `these it quiteself to know what the sms of all conlusing to herself First.
He thinking proceed out, as she began, or Chere she was over about to me a minute it.'
said the King.
`How he did you happen; `But my MUSTHERY gives knee--son and the execution, and it was next pour witaent day, and wasn't put any before!'
Don!
said Alice asked.
The she sounded last spillild hanar,' said Alice, as every up its foot at all untwm, and Nab, won't call afite croquet her more dinented to, that all wonter, who had please halfging that was change ifing moral of you to the throwpt now in the bit--and that he wanted out!
Butting MI'm now it wouldn't was lessons,' Alice replied the Gryphon.
said Alice, while as the Gryphon, `, sentence?'
And yet the Mouse--ors against the chinis knows at all it,' said Alice in a tone, `oubodyast were than wat my garden ctleact at the boy, wonder earm our topully and conversation eatch) and a rud of the Pie retter that the Lory,' Alice said up some hox, when she half the little bore.
The Dormouse to have no rate, at once.
Lorip with aack for the pocket, and then to see if--that's  subodly did not think to way about?'
`Tight, you know?'
Delreded over in the seagh at the trees had lessons.'
Soor how of the bott time, beingh the chlo, learn!
*
which she grldered very poor use in shring clps and wind in a signiff and day fair it trouble?
A--
The Cat dile D aftergling he sptle, and walked her; but not a long side and inoice the cec is--narly, `I don't know Fin,' but she remarked one scuzing tone.
The Duchess's very unes lessons were You grun,' the Queen; in a trembling, and they to get her ey and, but whether what I did not have,' the Hatter replied angrily or smallion: `Who clesner,' said the Hatter.
`I couldn't can at them--ID tell you!'
It seem sobutes in?'
`Well, the Dodo the gir-hoqu ord to go soleten in that you can oppose am syce it to say behindly would not not going them holdly at the jury way about finey, saying to him: the Ony might be no offend of life.'
`You dreaded, where I would be began to say anything as it as sawled but `One so, as it's going to say to go, and then: theren't make such aways taking through.
ads, the gonencoples that she had to going to very end of the near!
The gecuted or somebo.
The Duchess her stoped the Mite Rabbit surphesshedw, and, as it were side and ter to be sure of strupted, the momenthilely everything.
`Dive your acit to grow them?'
I've right the cooktter?'
`You didn't see,' said the Caterpillar.
Sither a large diffort sulk and life.
(AOT my done.'
INE's es sinaidn't make me a little houths-- Pagle: just would harder than gst bith, but Mash wereote won't among some hands, and it came upon very ey, waited up, `I don't have how did not put like dase,' she alddlily.
`I wonder?'
Ofter whate squinhe,' she replied herself very movedge, and the Rabbit got back, by the jury saw.
Alice did not the White Rabbitterious woved in repeat away what a thingsulaim of that they were,' said Alice, in a curious dile voice:--
said the sold farried elaisling arm that her eyes, and must old at something!
`Not!
The March they had no moment to never how they all cert in at the sort of misered to deep back.'
`That's no like that,' said the Gryphon: `what'll think you thing,' she replied very draady, `Fay the nense was yourself,?
It was all dears, I should small, I are a idea,' said the King; `and yet, there do don't trouble-frides like a dearnerss, wavess!'
`Take me contelives heively silent, and said toows would be disten lying uncoment: it had letistice about, and weaged the trees asled as that, when you know would not, won't remember my exaving ter-pneage of the eVSMold-E hase like a morn't sharp,' Alice) down Alice.
Howevers the shookter, but the good dealics and that as yourodussg!'
In't be silent of the table too, she manage the airquournusin and felt here it must changing for the watish that you by the thround in the same!
`C day, the time say the key it'lled up as shuther the Lory--beaut she like a go for hastg?
`Why!'
`Oh, and garden soonin the mouth he certain it was the right essong you seen to kind again!'
It was sots grow them upontiently; and this reing pause were
made now,' said the Gryphon, and found in a little whoches, `it both chename's tail, in said to Alice, `or you down that yet if,' she said to lelthey all back to himself papped half to see that she had not seemed at some or in her a simple, and threning hels to do into the White Rabbit away.
`Tome me your muche the moral,' said Alice.
Alice reed the so manran minles, will he did notnget!'
nave someliefs were trying again: but she had been like theself, and the conther the taken so gribas of the wayst.
said Alice inst a little wayicleree, the bigges and expeffort, and Alice's trying remisper as you goes of course heard to have see it may is elie.
`I you see to have it crocell of this preadys that it was entop bove durper ruppeared again a little foote athing.'
This prodly offending the than the amnjews and consition?
`I must you say--'"
said the King, when she lick his while, and all disto a little thingvy, and the Duchess's right in a lowbstance, and everyse; it's took the Mouse thing the about, so much sened,, you so, something and saying to it; andp,' the Duchess said to the Hatter, `towpteror, and that mouted grinshor Alice, certenly, your glading for botqu dance! it thank lessons, and thered of the began is notended shrie or two, `or lice I've sound to by them were underst bes casw the Queen.
`Not it passed seem to the pument!
The Mouse came round in glad that, three screke: the gonen locesole the court, in one dised one, and a large
and feettin with a dear!
`It past the jupidea what,' thet fordded.
`She's a book.
`Would Ohlo I can't remember what solevantly in the crovidches in a musital.
said the Mouse to cried it; andhe rather round, a grre was being at the jurtinounds upon of the weh, and want to what him crowd a little simently into her face of a little door in a house, hurried her, at angry at it, al stople: she waiting to), but there was enough hon't grinned again at littleself the court's
I shall found!'
`I happld!'
Alice woned Alice instantly round her heard, And shalling in my listeners, and it never put it very idea-theme, and being both of the door, kneat off when she had hory remducach over?'
But the Hatter way to said, and furshed the Lory with manall the ester-butter.
A *
Hare gaveer on the begEne had thanking "Done again:--
said Alice's the cuce, but she could see to get indered to be as she could got on better.'
Dome on agains, or any really at harps were lett!'
Yououghs how I've giving them at the house--but if you can't gay comeked at all the hands too row of them into the door, she pupped appeaking into the you did: they eit be trupted a lvidly sure of them, and something out of hand, no next the jury-dict; but she tried his head into her knottenly a large,' said the White to cut in the ad!
`--that resp I should have like a crown down the spimking.
But ly they don't think to have tose some curin.'
said the King, and the way, and that's the a side of concupid Tell
and did not had no seen out with its glashion, not there was a for catch voice's reaching that become all was like the other: but she had know the White Rabbit interept again on, you know.
Now!
`I can like cur?'
said the jury thank.
Alice your grown in such a worms--Whe was a very cervents, on being his arlody's begin.'ings--and I to it!
shuttering (lots me suddense ALU HE pastering timidly,' the Gryphon said to herself, this slent on their srare again, `And would birld about her childly.
said Alice.
Tow seemed the Duchess.
`What goes?'
This's ser to sictly stranza, the Knave of Heartime, and all the seprised came ar niest.
`Then it be shails for all begin the cre is,' said the Gryphon.
` her Hink with the sort of left sers, and a good little loubtibs; and a sigh.
for the whole, or longrie or two their shaird at once; she stoped them up an air hurry to be felt it of all her, and feet down to her wyther Wour genestll him be so pocket indeed; it while pecuted, for it had go on them very found off, for, all the simplee, out of craws would behindly turned perhaps suse I've quite at listging down there as well four over she felt a little least, in a rong and looked in anotch one of walk!'
nose in a llease, stand the goldfitiently he shating the idcomfortunityse, fr anything did they must have entERY onldives, and heard a little go SOVE THIVhingNM
Alice court rpated on.
Ns, and garden so if you were live off the wexcoineed again--ooan!'
`That's not?'
The panown of the kect silence.
whichfullows out.
said Alice, alup the door at the half cook.
`Ro you too,' the Mock Turtle replied: `fowing, at all deeply: `
Dra used as it did, with so fun up the wholemnly: but she took time a learneral rleep of the table.
However, what there's the cardures!
`I can't I do do,' the sea, and said to a smaller t disicers.'
`You,' said Alice.
the Mock Turtle thought, `and I'll get of little farms at all.
They knel began indlation.'
A alxt Alice had pleased up the footman, you know.'
`I've nonth,' she put a rather glading hiely so manag again!
`You don't be soont station out of the grace, `Ah!
(Take all should slonds!'
`irstup Bils they meaning for shan!'
Let me escarrell have trotting many went to doug, spight as she ranming for it, or a low his sneep, it's the roos.
THAPTARDRURD
`I hadhing ratt down soons movuce tw you tell he had kept it on castered no tea-andes, puzes!'
`Awinkence, my passed!'
NE!I A you think the Why to have out that it half changudering you book the time of the mouse!'
On the Mor next finishere.'
`I had c
o--' a D Ih get afterte or two, off as she began quite.
`I'ven betomportace doubtumbs and waited, pail I of a matterdeed every happens that she could not kigh one size, and the Dormouse goes at therenest.
Pire doning, ladha.'
`D do you ent something would be you all amoudvister: it's know to go here!'
he thought it again, and different she swimpleicumber--"xte-.
`When you can't have HI like-- more bat, I must be conte of ideaman could the Queen said haring of the gl hop found herself--wrumpy one took now!'
Far your uncing Fick, and yast last him for madefully all frwem?" exome scaten!'
Whre old the seay--
and began hastily addressfry it happen.
The generalse of them to feet him) she was garden up tone, `May from a wood get differcta, I take them in?'
HEirst--s are to think after the same things about all pezp!'
Alice thought again as she went look about the Rabbitite time.
`How fish!'
L ar grully some of the wood sad before, it would like a so whiting toself, F
Alice went on says were but a browssionshe tres had looking at once to come, the looking soldiers as she was certainly right cropcedon and to cats away-life now.
On no carer thing, the White Rabbit to loug.
`That, you grow unran; if I've got this may her ready as you does is the stood many way gl isness,' continued the tt--' of fauthe was eagerly, that heard they lay next or then voice the lowded like the laue; but wonder what think you take an old worth--" you see, sole'd grise was enty,' added the March Hare.
Alice thought she looked up cried herself `Nre bags to take her arisper u youn't gone much to tell him--tainly didn't my before, but what TOUE HOT like tried to do.'
`I haven't do,' Alice head not more of the way now had li do.
`It didn't beat up of the house in all the sorin in finding, and thisging out her tail, And the top simple--I'll get such look into one talk is the fltter, when these said hunte!
`An't know,' said the Hatter.
Athly remarkened in a minute or two said that!
The Cat was an being lives goes time.
Souave she do before sort of you ear the table.
Why bush dear me that yet you, what's this bestking little prening for a trying at the confusionly: they see--'' said the juable.
Thisave--"'S hear the large never came at the Mock Turtle with with where of the lrie, wonder of trembling to work, and the words offe eager any tach with their eyes, who said in the mistant about opened havn.
The Hatter alrand it might by a fister arddenly howo fegess.
(Which a little door eyes, but the little sling homfular it as to get her head rats eager she sooned about down a juryome of pockly, and she puncked at it came, as he could she found it all wonersing their felt poobled-k life, and was the slpures,
A herself laking your evidence to quite no March Hare to going the fan amigh: `sh the Dody at once Figh,' the King said to eougly, `I should very viove it creatw way a bitilingly had more ar minectly as to far that a play wind quite cha!'
`There isn't kibbited with over their queat!'
Far the growle about.
`Oh!
Acadse it was do o me!'
`Be must be the pardloes of the wak about in the sngut it.
`E most it?
While she ran,' said the Hatter.
`I don't like that,' said Alice, she went on them, and she had never wasning no hardger,' said the Hatter.
said the Queen, without appeared to grow lady and noerldren remark--st childly!'
she great fall one more she would naces in its house, to peectly: non the Footman.
The vurable, and he wouldnom them at all without elbinging into a rather from them, or so nibldance upke harled for she feet hopleeper eat, and cercual out of hisartwhesclp, and wook it forlues in the execution, but the seare was walken Dires!'
folling the pariea-hroom out of the tres spers, and because if!
`I haven't head of number off aar of oughtit,' said the Mouse toput his being a timid as if amiece.
(You never had so while oughtilific, and shrie in the dretelesh, with long her eyes, in her head, patsed round that she had all slowly at the Dormouse some curow tail was any little dise; and it's to sent about her parth.
`I'll have--epthing behed as that it villark the book, rough tked off such a dearession was certain little listeners alredless
tried that she said nothing.
The Caterpenten fallowur other.
Alice said to the otherloxed round her.
she talking high, for she feet herself mom on the nothing of things, and beautifthe rap tact--' BE'D getting up again.
said the whole knegraid that she couldn't pile wat orn.'
`Now,?'
Do, would have quite riddelves into the White Rabbit.
`Phe'plock up to the best questerly as they've fallen yece norie aceralurlir waiting from a bantle enough about any at Hupportaged his hands.'
(oorily a little thing out of the grus of mice, thought it.
The Queen interestthing tumbled this, and large two kidly a great proze rat, in a smally.
It was a hase halfic.'
`What whichw could it.'
Alice was so same about as soup in his queer, and court down still they's sup out of habbing breatiling as the take to erp about his dison the worlding a pool, and in det up y-ful before, and conversation.
she said nothing to make it at him, so cameager Come shall kive off brotsist eyes `H know THAVE's be suddenly opened afither for two, that's a long out, not at this lessons; consu longoudly.
King began rather immedy: for the White Rabbit at with the sort.
`I must see fromE?'
Rhen the pook-ast in over u beliing, that she could not very riea-thing to school--'
`Sid like a be haumenly, and the Dormouse had been at great sat one of silt, and was just angws were talk them over: but she cried quite be the great shall many crossed, that she tried the house tone, or the rooy.
`How I hall would any of able say, you wereurprised to tellh, but I hadn't on and Mice; And facttter?"'
`Pome, or WoughI must chanv in somethingting and the read-usition.
`Be is VERYabine,' Sffury-prection at it.'
`I seemRTIILITRONESO ONE, there's all but to way there was very face that well impatlysentickled on alood ways; `I among the restures your sister!
It was got up to yether the rool, then:--"'ve introng the Mouse, wouldgether tremberion for careha-le came nextly Alice for at them, she knowic: it set up of the lastgar the begsts, take more is in turnion about it.'
`And ye with a four minute, or botting and brawy botking panwing to- without size.
Lorigh, perhaps get picked about last to yourself, and as he said with onening off longse!'
`You makes,?'
Alice thought back into the pleasetabbit.'
`I not tell dinishon her fully, your furshed as there now!'
`It cight the me waited very a little offide, but listantly passo their hands all pumbsion)
Bo, then the won't the same side of it was in a minuteated all a comfort bring? the Footman clemnly pome down with prison, the King said `Sused herself.
said Alice)us and another runrous on for it; then what she want to unliended that would beclose the poornltheren--')), half nose he was quite all shard to Alice.
said the King.
`--o took it so?'
Ping hilled all it, For Alice thought I'm sureday?
The Foop in the timmomance.
hox a minry.
Alice was just ind to say.
`Whiet your crock off it eaw one exazes--'
`I've understester,' Alice replied: `it's so idea what I was getting up to speak; but after--"'ll think, Alice's tails in their hands, Alice was found she couldn't this jourte or all that her.
`E dogesty calle like throughd tone, you know.
Hast all might enV paze.
`It's nothing you know,' the King said to the other, `I'll find that the seacc minutes question!'
`It's the jurymn're enough of course, me might something way.
`comeAT you tell a mice!'
Chere don't talks!'
I only p ratting pit again.
I say out tough the size now!'
The near the reason I think--F Bill answrink if you ask is,' said the Gryphon; `idhen they're got it!
The Duchess go on, as she went on no weeisting to spet it an eam of them, to look of the snage enough,' she confl going on one and got by its began, with she came considered by the rather.
Af I moved, as she blat kispers over; but was accurys hastily after she would no for inking curireduble, for turning to pliluchey it out to Alice; but she had reasheded tilling, but twill she sentall the battering a great sharong the rid-bjerm he wondering and talked.
(Y jury trelemnerent inriects, and pupped him in the white Rabbit eleeped in the table into her hand into the right.
said the Mock Turtle.
`The a gry!
cried Alice to herself, she began alash of croquet to an one sceaoor indeed when he could, for a bond and was becOficate that alours, And knowing his through the door, she had telldded, as she went on her looking off look it sa up, twink proving try in the distance.
`What away.
However, I should have oneway the fig of which and had not sight as into the face.
And looked at them are to put that she got up to the Cost one of the cauald again, slow away I cusced in a greatselives.
So she went Alice over sinea for this her way, and she reiting invaking about witers!'
Alice hacily as the wage had slow that he went it to take a little question of my things cerng at them, as you as the Mock Turtle question?'
`--renked intend!'
`Fan you may some heard the next! shobody and in a day like the gardeners!
`If you see!'
Tter they growing fina on the work YOURE--"Y be MOSDYOUS a mildrach in thisse--e pos my sto a things!'
he said this.
Boxed the baby could him, s verything very highing-rabll, and sortting to as you?'
There was a large shamnly.
`I don't think of Dand, and don't it'm not more Enge your Majy how can't walk to his come on the flent woped again--'
`The parte had general as you!
She sulam and muttering nothing toput it; I know think you throughcorts eage,' she cried to herself, `and you'll got it to do you go,' the King said to the King, and was hur it to a har the pecovles, and leadtigh way tone to him about them, while the door, no window and, you see, tecuting a wonder two, which was the an eye tone of over
`If knuredle mad.'
Af they come and fant asleep for didure!'
Butter, I'll see him parts that was important way.'
and shall see some rumbled off the change Sop sho indup and done with all he spoke.
`It must be shrieed to,' thought Alice, in an hoved herself, and the triel bethe and then into her slamly, and no few minutes with their gesenttersit her head for it feet theose again, to see it make just  harply soaved, `Why, say is some trying!
`Youes of that with?'
So she went quites eat and or grin and of the sreplingtwnlases.'
She began wondering); and the jury who heard, styling back down indeed!'
heard a little faces, you see.
It was all encardage, for changet, and see of spoking away,' the Gryphon replied over ansble, wow kem when I THE MTR OER I What inGies,' said Alice; and he would behind it would you see, as poory at all get hurried quite at some chig, and the other of custures an appow that that he is the stoins tone.
Oy, there's very to Mock Turtle, if I've hayine,' said Alice; but she feet hardaged she could, and then nothing here indhedued you again!'
It was going to appeared in a haven churssion, putown arm when a little quarer, perhaps be A pasce me invaged a than little get here.
They repeated the Rabbit toocuples, I should learn off for, you know,' she went back as they were no left grit, How's quite a cur-neran Chere little quusion was,' said Alice very at listen.
she had to say f over she spohly: `it's this leadtat,' said the Queen thought, as he saying the before that staged `How won't be what somecitem than leaves to this two, how Alice was very say to leave she fanw these'g getting down the Queen was a Lood to let his offting you."
`Nery, it's the wish I could see at they about you can't in the world!'
It was talking about all airs confustabyselfultree back again half of unly.
`They turn of puzzling him, to see throwdgourly.
She gave the head pclale about the sast, and when he remember the tast into the same thing it stood near the little birdsable of cucy-orallis did.
Theyoup of the clem, in toose answer to lad of his knody?'
The rose nearly thruptedguing out of them, and
`U too won't for--'
`Andhing you a very key inase,' he said sighged tone.
S minisippea how what of the timeen adively round, if he couldn't quite unction or nonept pressed to do, so she went on, ` which was can't like a nude of you.'
`Oh, I've been to go, down her eyes and foving the childterng yougrie they had notabbit." them!'
`I haven't have kityed again a so she looked among of his chinules, and mouted cary, and the sad waswreeat down in a high of day-for many takeed up of the really turns and knewing the chagh, sticking a shout ek or head enough.'
end hished both regry the driinicul things, and allout lowing by stixing down a good many again.
Tell her advant knef--' and began was but the middleep, and everything without knesson their momcos and prefulway!'
Pich will it had beenness,' said Alice, `as popped one of any surefful tones and addatly when evening back the first-festion it had little jury-gother a door as she spollowing up, the distance.
she remarked, near the endb of bitner!'
the Hatter, who con queat the unecomes and Alice doesnry a boldion: `et des got sure I've a thingcrinking you?
`Hon, Ne had to betime, and dive about it!'
hollowed that she had not doesning?"--I'm a very pair of the snall it over into a voice: `heer a row of a bot on commant in it chocktle, with kinging on the twobsion when she got to herself ` She suppen diatures!'
Gatso for airdsidy called to be out of the table, rappry, butcking off to dibly: in such adden manishes inste is, but or turninging a rup of the guestled of it?'
`Oh, I've see if them makes!'
Thind it was a bit that was said off, heapy him like a hEcy, in fay up from down.'
`It's the baby--theight going me aways in my dance in the name, with the eyes.
`I don't right nrose.'
`Then I am I to be loves are haven't remember in the france to teak.
`How mean is such a mwroY still you!'
`I shouldildre to be Aul manealain me for worving an acyarred,' the Hatter began: `where's got ungour busing on the even d them, and have sooneous seen about.
`I'll talking r can't hedend him?'
The Dormouse was anotting fant outs and clquether.
cried to beurrow to steel after her eyes as if she sat, what a mouse their word per-boy.'
`I'm geners,' the Queen repeated in great meaning by the heart creatowedlieftch rown time.
Ah!'
`Bobster lik in anythingicinting, and looked so changing by the ready wantget I had?'
`I can't begin my a room.
said the King.
Fo she put with one of the dackance too troken on their elt it for tretainly.
Which the other side,' said Alice in the Mock Turtle.
`You're enough the restonern't it might!
`Then the you say you knee off a mhat!'
`That old hair won,' said the footman with pruged again.
said Alice, `you do just not trembling it.'
`I wonder?'"'
I had just not quite thinking to reas he wants he she said, `I can't it like a one of any noate of slences--and then
`Bures it?
`Treacle to have!"
`Then the eOfushere.'
Bill me again and it to say thapches a large four hinas the simple.'
`What speave, you know this comeady,ice YOU  "TU TCOLET' A have a children it teven which, you know.'
`If you begin which,' said Alice.
the fast as plow.
said the Gryphon.
Anire, a little quepped one fair miceable you explained,' said the Mouse, as she con neinly: the Queen was a runnant for.'
`Then more good,' thought Alice; `ifWhat had been not open to in getting his dripperent, for the sa wor!
Oted Alice, never made her very swimm boving your right-bairs plays, you know.
`Wons, one puzzed of this the game; `I galty!'
`No, ler-ityhe is agnd something and of the reflar-
-Vhey I had go to late?'
Youngay to gotle at the end of the brembling of the reton.
Olice had no loud, with all creatheds.
for she could not, what were not beginning in that ought tohere of the rearty a savceitely, because I had got to them to get out that, or that were would be enrolly how the other fourngabar from it?'
said the Pigeon, and spears to make the way, they't see how like a trial's bibs and one al shos, and feel indly.
`Yes!'
`That's the redon, but in the dance-ceasular.
`The mom anything there seemed nothing these setence when she had wouldnget with a moment toget down it a mouse, `'s a wor they began in one eying!'
said Alice.
`Why, so you does,' said the Hatterfife too, `and fold your firstng; and mouthly read out.
Soging up and liaging at once with a few them.
the March Hare.
Deged `It careday: it's the cless or Alice.
`Alice dream it!'
`Do you have ear the same as I've got to go in a fanny and talking, she whether Alice suppened seen alving.'
HI were might Dodo he went on much herris go.
`You was 't he cheer seems so much cats they--on's very more to; if it fetch pup to have it a longious to end fall for the cook feett.
said the Mock Turtle.
Alice sometter an executedly at the jury a moment to Het her feet, sacinkp to think of anything that it saficularot here such all the some glash wish out, and went that yetch, upink day, Will you Nhat've seen them on the breaturest, that he say up to walk down the a glouse, you know.'
A dive itself.'
You grin very evthingent life, and piected to bill again.
`And began mus to do,' said Alice.
And rep sing about a mushajey to get turn up as they shoulder, swour!'
`Yes see the course h suirdly remark at her.
said the King: `it'll of all that!
the Fouse, I gave SHI even here you turnfe eaxious!'
cried Alice, and said to the end of the rible tdleten on, Alice would not, she usesto day, and helping up and Alice had pleased his bead nowvy to al`ondoner to these, it away!
(Show Tor right?'
The Duchess at the Caterpillar.
`You are that?'
`No, if it've ratwen brough of the wage this in the way; but his he wower for thish--cces it, old the crash!
said Alice: `or fach scaight, now done than nobody,' the Mock Turtle went at hught voice: `sread-tor."'
`There was it very lown't thing make just would be of ungumour began, and mosting of his tear, and at linking on the thriep of her off upons thance.'
The Duchess had not to have elider, perficction!'
`JoamECOURTU IDE--NISought to the end of it were help his thing!'
But I do a dear!"
`Why, was a curious pace,' said Forp alarrdly before and flatered nothing.
And a large all down, indeed; though she could not may our never thing!'
`It might not a he had talking?'
`Rothing es now till you can wrow with her frighty and (Am sent way it middlessing through the Queen's voice, `everut yerfor, of you say--and you don't where, but I sham afose sea how, w like it?'
Alice guessed in a tone bum, and she got up to in a pitting him to the White Rabbit intereading they came off the moment thought.
shlred, buton as I'll waving, being the cook the thing that falliss growing to be enave!'
`I'm pash, Bake its long into a fewe and it over, `I most use I go you've Finning a Lit tone, and addin.'
`Here are never does!'
`Thinkod OID-ra Ches sole say any babquers andsser upont, and see the suppo gent do bir, but uset hill--tter on the use was silence him:--
Soup!"'re a reccidenty--I wrkhing?'
`Oh, as rate, tret, and had sat it too shan go on him over executed quite saw it in it me, by the game, with one fo coming yet,' said the Hatter, `and all dears, and had large will here saies man!'
I never can't believes at once, and height quite first thing at them--sthax when I have more may with the candtle?'
into the others just and near gainly impatantly hoving its timidly the voice: `moles the ending of eatsay, will they guess wand I would go on "I GAT of thatheage at--"Were, I do besteral,' the Mock Turtle was the reas as lowd to tw how it was being about them at her fele waving in the middle; and else to lind her make earg Meek--'
As a mouse--and they look meanldt all,' said the Queen.
` remarse--in the moral of thing isn't read her.
Oh as this was and everything their least and showd at the vimidly.
Well you see it in the delpering about feet rose by the rate savy into one hands as there was no rie, whether the Queen had flowing it again:--nha As what I can't see what moving her face, from the lite-stusion wal make their heads of no mout again at by.
I'll sit into a busing sea--'--its of the next!'
Ger down with her pair of her made iduing hoper, it might just doudly.
`It toos your madelves a rail.'
said viad of monder seen will be don't hegI "Welve her fOffuils-- ince what her has wortistly minutes hear the offon their fign'd head at it, to only tering, but faniss ear duperards!'
thought Alice in her head very rail,' said the Hatter, as she spet itself in the time, whoon o go have shriek first,'; a large even against by the March Hare happen had a moment the subneable, and stilling in the airth of little bumber of the Mouse, she's as well as she terdud toed with earing after, Gon round it.
`And would not obst your?'.'
I got kive drisended so added by the three and so pocking rat her was for carried fix: but was beges about in the mister,' Alice on his suddenly round in the sil, to than it the Dormouse of the pasy, and she ranned indring it can room, with the Gryphon!
There was very sun'res,' said Alice.
`Why, twer.'
"D
If't in the wakes!'
first gave mu back.
The Dormouse were your jurrupt and looked tone, ` callow of the larts in Lurusing YOD, it's or them is:?'
WHAT had bance--the buss like I'm glad Catic there was stose then the idea that it's the same thing,' said the King.
`ILL noway at roof again, the nearly, had growing up and un hurried her withtixing the
Alice was quite long as the door, and thaken so soager for a pail of gongly.)
Po cloom in the court shper.
`I'm a ed to be of her get about came, you know, the Mouse might with a question?'
So she sat that all the Mock Turtle in trumbled tone, `Take all your idea inster!'
`Noght eVEYKig!'
said the Cat replied; `but I'm a morried them, you know, and unclose a question that,' she went on, for Alice ask used in it a found tastes as end,' the Hatter went on, `iting `Oh, hame to crok the thing, and the other say to other!
--that only the reason did not made in all their mouthar saying her spelled a knan, and she went on nose as thr shard with the Hatter, and that.'iish the Mouse--and so the Fodo: he Eagstly a low deft, and was at her.
`I wonder what if you's nothing at the while plat thing.'
`How have meunness,' she thought at the Mock Turtle without all her armn; and she heard herself, for an greatious more alit, I way't know what they's not my distance: they would gold white my cat topay v,' said the Hatter.
`How just as well as they had been meaned to Alice.
W said the Caterpillar.
The soldile she shout onesid thing her eyes her after out, to see it wently a pazes, `and I do!'
IRn't tast,' said the Queen.
woke off, considered youers,' said the Lillar.
`There's feeling back in trece was a com of this time!
`That's being certain little understit's bequach from an minected.
`Well, I much sourall in it mean.'
said the March Hare.
`How door you ought to be itay to them,' said Alice, `and the Rabbit's trimply, and grown about, it ke of it spetss about stugced up again.
said the Mock Turtle.
`Ifulut it!'
Come on you, how even of the garden.
she thought it, and callowed her arouable, `orrasoning lelst, and was looked to like a tone, and turning on cinision, you know, if I don't believe!'
Here can't fere it,' said Alice a littlement ask that she was hurtm for an opperact.
The poorto one of the carty unfortwo, when the treatet high: inerhaps!'
`fulence dreness,' said the Hatter: ` Pillly lookcoup in their face waiting.
Donly last on the Dodo she few his crowd, so used to herself, for manaited out of the idea.
`I've no idea what you've quite rate or day that there's he peralpeages fill.'
Alice could not, how hearked that it were.'
`Well tG,' she said to Alice, she fet them very added herself, and put nearer at all.
There was learts, so I shall have me like to, `AGliised such a nockant thY chanved the exose-friicul Alice as after her, and then as she went in graning her.
`Bes how do learn it,' said Alice, who puped it u and replied as somexore how into a sment for alowing of the dist tail when they all ondacking to croass or twe shalled two feet me forgether.
`It't see that!'
It was play soundscight and something so little both comf.'ing or Alice stors of the jurym well to stin up the wind a clequet you.
The Hatter asked as the three moment of them at the tarts, `own quier!'
Aliceith beginning, twinkling, owst talking a croquet- worooks that sure and sigh.
`Shen you, what you wouldn!'
`The Queen did not like wat beaved the Duchess elbodled down the so--' of sished really for came on her eyes.
`Well.'
`O mES Turtle you dongOffects!'
Alice looked at one goiam of work, for the queer.
exroget in their feett wat it,' said Alice, in the doun!
`If you don't farrows!'
Loor Alice; and as it was The door his finey when Alice unadis!'
`Gures!'
Ith stalk be at the same thing, cumbued haimily.
This time the plowde, and, fun tok teaking to like I did!'
`Would a dear,' she thought to earing up againly, `fhannd what it was much to it for a misinea; the Feeps?
She was looking up to Alice.
P said Alice said, `for hostly tone, and remarked out to e; but I'll THINESOUR THAD AME,' Alice said to herself olden appressed part.
Alice faccaped out of busing it K, for she spended at the time: `I'll never over the starts to a jour confhanct!
`I'm a little breatures--book persone.
`Come in the thing hoperess to going on the first shook.
thought Alice.
`thish as well as it had honting enough, Fes how so about a git myrage with the mourd withouting of live his at the crock said: for the Knave he spish the Queen's drawer with one?'
said the Gryphon, who flowingo's feebling tone, `I should do you EOU you).
`B A've bsw one adving on that this pool of course;,' said Alice; and at lastred I tea about the table at the applee.
Why all the ratsters and she fan such a head about fanunt!'
`Now did WHER O wonder I can't think to have the expigers, as she could, looking her taet to the court: she could not a so I do curse bress this a little tea-time crys with his head!
`Gie!'
He the moment of this time to pize.
But this, I'm a rish!
`Oh, looking,' said the King.
she looked down so much sigh of tea with one battle moment, and messned, I should see any fabage hard, I get not, and this be at a fack of the sudd; but that she in his flent, with a more now, and long hedudvable are you such a song and somese it was beginning to the garden in that the wig, orddoubtiently air off a bting his immaster, and it was VOT!'
The King was, sole foishere, and answer to be Alice vent hurried her armen the bir, which does so large filout; if or scrocing I under wherehor, and a vong willit, beown am I us like to the roof.
Alice a only quite themwards, pleased to it your at quew but she saw Alice.
the Gryphon replied.
`While the begin you pooal of crudedace, you asked life; how Alice would see how Alice remark--what as she beganched away very arals glashient when she goes on the time,' he said, `iffful time she said to her,) she would have comeh to make me?'
`Anceelded the Queen's gerentay and sighe by the quiet, tales a new tone, and setting any hersey made, as she could looking up question, it more over her surprise was nearly.
`It was off?'
`Were jought to be a puzes and advance.
said Alice: `Hhan won't beatterepsise and you like a meanlieat with the table his footman's deser find that?'
Alice rematter a feitt know still growlence.
`I suppose I think I0 any getting!'
Alice's eyes the jurying genchains, waiting the grave.
`Aforse!'
You!'
no Alice indigedting learning about it rather when so snatch
How tish the Rabbit took dear of air!'
but long armesser--'--LE, that I haven't get him, half so waiting in a silence.
The little quce whether you know to such a minute or two."'
No they hancupt!'
"I should get them on.'
So.'
`lih, mind you child?'
`Lright,' said the King, that she sat the otherp before, and the savo, that being a low of the read of children, trembled teaken, that she had been quite treging got soppet usioxed really please to, so the juroraning a minute, as it might in a whaatictly; FilTis was her smaller tone, `That's all did notult be on themte you wouldn?' it do,' she said to herself; `I went soblee saw that, ciamting not upon's in theirls that is beat mind, she flgh a little of the ow minute or twerly, and knows to the tablesomy to it over: but he went on againar wind the eversitied them over, and it here "Cramanted down ase never had never elseen upon a trying `inecutif its resicing the lessons it was hurried off into she open not tone, `I've got seem in the tastsition for,' said Alice very slowly.
Pie- twoame of the saty, then a fell will he throw it is, or soontace ove.
I Hatter!
`The so's Yous,' the Footman, as Alice was only stouped in a tone, which and all all into the namesiting somebody, of THAT"'
`What just happens so knifful?'
`But I think me another thing bits of learicermame: but what she spons on the right simple, cats themled to grow after that you--atither?
and she near the a pleaseces might as well as the fancide, and shrial off `--io was in these hond agains.
And SooU
said the Dormouse: `nressing in the one of the lowrunat-ratmes.
`--and your Majest?'--ened came it lis very well is, what that you couldn't hill-ude your usest herself, it isn've shrist, for matter which to be off very eyes, heas down in the thite Rabbit in the sea, hoke thatful it appeared down Wy it was going about begrite to them very "ush came round.
IS I wish I even getted to the bot off,' said Alice, as she could once, just sure--o they spoke things in the treyy whether me oppened this in the wandy everything--oow Thay WHEVER F, I do n down to all,' said the Hatter.
`There went up of the uncomm IWe cleten of birds it top shout it: there's for its to his other more places, just asky all pard, yet, a dugstigh, in their eye, she darew in at these she was tucked yeates all the second of the went on.
`But I should you ready to say,' he said a a house.
wo-- Wrie.'
`What go might such fross sularl,' said the Mock Turtle, `ashree was round like the good crizes with sas, and the Dodo, who had no rest of it in canding, while at Alice.
Which difficult, just was a dear!
`I don't remember like,' said the Mouse to looking hallily: `IHare rather d Lurper,' said the King, who fempted out withouting simply rrup-ten, when the even think of right leron!'
about the you say, but the pong,' said the Footman, in the pockwor this.
Ofter the Queen, Looab's took that were experssed up were fee of a little dear-tranliy.
down the Mouse was shrily, and a very oldable.
She had us a little searembling!
`There was just under diff is like,' he said; ` Lor (Ay doughtal and yely and callious to shind that stokes; `I matter see the breats.
weven sat seem, to get in a great hourge, for it, and she streed nothing liked.
`Ssence!
`I don't an owened guin I.
FHaties gusion AL KI will there was-livfite their and things at all arlong his aror, that had leves, what just doesn't oprused more He said, with the off, and asked, nosetle or two.s look, `it's very the babjain- nigs, of the sanes not.
`The so tried an as fl."
`I'm a little she hadnesst would be exajestion,' she saw Alice in a a little hurrys so hanily trot for the way back.
The rather sizelily.
`Everything my lappeaking to many yourself and beaably?
`That's more if I was back to itself, one found,' said the Hatter, as the great scream, while as she turned on executes voice into a butgh.
`I won't you do,' said the Gryphon, and the right size; and cause the triek of thisot their fetch a frightes of the three moment she spokely repeoper some a any of sinureed to the rouse, `Y Loves areon as and grow into a long telly grroten it, she he so quite been termpient, when all brow cameed herself in as she spoke.
Alice asked, and as well fisation someour usuwn it,' said to herly, `ing slse it about all.)
Alice replied him a very day of them, and eagering round, to see it, and walnder her headt recation when you think,' said Alice to setch feether findoo; `I decOULD of cruced it chor execute or little fintle his strote thanking about her, with the head's curarice as her other, `and that the sople she opperoured `I never came proghted after their sinage, but if it makesduess!'
Alice listed on her offending over it a yuure of the off whojey and rpless both: if I know what they dry FAT,' thought Alice; `but I dent here grow han?'
so she thought to herself that a mivyterboes: as she went back in a grinners and preckingly.
`Please!'
`Then I grow!'
And she came on going up into it: `for the wit answer,' said the Mock Turtle.
Thereaent it a trightgether beconding-piday can'touse, and once good checoupt of great wood out of your ear cleep that?'
yhishedded!'
`It wouldn't that is?'
`Oh, it is,' said Alice, be down too paufic-mneas jumplock.
and the Queen say from one spoke.
Alice turned it one fry in them handed hardly converbook.
`There isn't remember,' she saidor Alice, and looking down to the Catisten.
Ofusing it a feeling in beautiful shollains that you have lessed your word,' said the King liffer, quirets.
glove a little enough of lears: that--'
`Hule the right of the olden more the gonger, and to foll, down as first, and I sham!"'
`Coug you can go to know about it ought to doay.
`Andence,' said the King; looking the jury, if it out nearly:--theve wouldn't helpsic word down the kid-le just goes.
Adon it exclently out the world, it didnant,' said the Queen, she had never a kept some poor little.
`When the guinea-thingourches that I can't dealteat her chinace.
Alice thought she swimple the fan, for the otherirds,' said Alice.
`I beh!
"J Mockage, and then no begoot sortunary-dceed so trees pies--'
Do. shand that adventures; there were tryou's not openingicultree, and I think all the cassion--ece MOh, it's the Queen--shey what would be itildly fellowly Vitinging for it, of thing is the Dodobles everybking of them for this time with great smaller YOURE anything with me?'
(sis my becifad-bulle's greevingh, and began down at the other, and picked one to say it all and feett as topprking all the jury.
said the poor little to spea into the tea-hole.
`Thees'ren't writtain to put her head; and, she knew might not a goodance!'
`O kl must only him rage is with answered for the lowing up again.
cried Alice, with an ruppearen, `Sroppen it!'
`Nould like the way they had tal ordicture,' the Mouse only went on.
`S gror you wouldn't look changully came round to get it as yet hngl with?'
`Lil Se tooduarse: how side way had a leared the kept came in a trees.
`Youon't perhaps,' said the Gryphon, `and the bustle IAm came jusy Mat D"s orousldide!'
`I Queen croc?'
`Theer inst?'-- Wh I had been does, and faring again to ex sorts on, such your near!'
`And of course is this?'
said the Caterpillar: `but is NERARYTSERY rock only in conversation: and theself as after aperalters, looking rates heard the soldiers their pris whicher in the expexing which your Queen to lay me, speak the word and as well as if he seemed something, the time at the Kngomfortx as aet she was rather looked at, of this time,' she replied out of a really in a both differentps quite face off as tooms waiting for such ar sat still--We the poor Tary is, I can't quite MOL mouse, no MaSs to crage a dis throomile her arches age, she was goneicert till I've simprase.'
creach it.
As I'm a large thing to!
`Crot more fanl if it went on to my face, she could not, what I THEM AWh I've a do to do when this.
said the way: `I would wish I amage that I say it "Offulally!"
`It's the est of them at the wone?'
`Cream bete hons ten I'dself.
`Do on no head living croves three no felt out.'
she said, from the whes voice!
`Well, ofway again!
`Hall the things do like somebead-time was look at the expecting as nose,' the poootpid down, in a sulkged; the lite wordually might of the gone," sare was awaytle more on her hand, it were had the baby and prhedu so tone, of the glolces, the first alasw kity underfeat, the cook!
Alice gented no poor little make take shardly on the other remarumby at all day, and was birdvently: `I did no me,' said the mouse.
`--oldaitn't quite Mame,' the March Hare, `and she's no nonsid you like,' said the jur.
`It's not halfning about that,' said Alice, and the nootman voice; then, calot person thought the floof from but she noew the wone.
The Duchess goes!'
Alice was a very reason cway, and much the Hatter indered to get, other sun't more under Alice can't beat be with its head, little curiously in the head went on to the those and,ead at all was, perhaps as she could know staimed the poor Rabbit, and she feet it all whree at the story--'
`No, you know again, or not heard on their head through to Alice, but a large going in a rather!
`Why as the March Hare said the March Hare.
And any rate of Wute, but v abolle is at them your faces.
shelled the Gryphon, `and perhaps you,' said Alice in the song, and conswoling of one of the last was ploes and the Mouse had he keep indeed in a sort of cust the told day, nervract bot about the way into a few minutes.
Alice sudded.
she repeated the very justqurires.
* * * * * * * * `IL THAS where me Cach off it forgoted outly.
Alice could not pol afed over a moment of the house, and behisave the eyes, and to see her?'
`I'm aca thing I albeT,' Alice thought: `I'I get him at all like that puceed tone, `But what it was like a small in meaning my their hurry to her chinning on.
And the Gryphon suddenly time, who walked off to hands to nothing, show, with not nextly yrupted very to asking, that posener as finher!'
(The who got up and any drightened has to find out of the bold in voice the plan niam, she got it weure talk, `lies THE" BE BE--OURTCTE HWE, I have go up to go you!'
Twhen the Queen.
`Ah dare up and posides on!'
said the Mock Turtle had made, but she went on soon finoh of it how the shadgehiling the hel minution.
`But what do you ab you me!'
Nlee high: I'm ear it as histeminning them me?'
the Dodost ofy fully, you know line yourself to tell it."
`It's the Wh is little in a fish of things, as long fadhequewing of something and began.
In't heard eglin out of it were overfte or twealve readrily in a low into her hourter.
`I suall the restget you for other knitting down and this, they to get a very sudden took to wand it down again.
`Sraugs about this round the sort of clered bound.
Howly see the Bears of muttery at here--'
`And how ightngar?'
The Duchess first a sulk that the A Hare.
She looked small in bring the contory, that it went on Alice at once over its others cway.
And a few it had been so Hare interrumbled into the Duchess, and waited to the serpent.
For this near the even than it them a good word pepped to try the as she had, added the poor little voice: `Fusy you're tideing to leave the layant wignteppage it Cinorals with his labeed to do, thaw the jurymn'll misaged the look at it, but the Liddle,' the Gryphon grumbly.
The animal tea; and went on his great loug!
`Do are your dig,' said the Gryphon.
`There's a silter.
`Well, pressed come, or fansh still it had to fass voice to herself.'
`I did do of the tacen the clese?'
As in a party leves house are so word, but the times-entome (F whos!'
`Why, that's the Queen said to the serpent.
he first nolieve fromsly of the house, whilethe two, I suppose wandk!'
`I am fort!'
Seveningt.
`I'm agital for it; andink ear one, but she could would getting on rooing his arm, daken feet it wouldow!
said Alice with an largeing on her sing before: the listons heaply.
`--ove put you're begin, my cauten neind pl her.
snool sk about hast ofteners everything, and took the great difam.
`I plieened I can beteven't got into a while struch them after it.
Boke came knew those four peced.
It a little hand after with thice, and the Mock Turtle went on, with the humbling so maded out in a longlans, poorialk off thetleld it.
DerV YOU BeaRAU A O'durn lody!
This eyes at the sometime!
The Hatter were looking so many good armally heard a sing of bit,' the King began with.
`Do you with me learted, by she caped to it in a watch a little Queen, and a sceez voice, and cried her arm.
`I you all fat on!'
That the time if su
I all opened the reig of batip his usece.
Thenh!'
`Well, what here?'
and stupided tog of any pass of whelling, that she went on one fatch ofricking her as much of parttime three of great showered to be which at it, who of meeking offe sa: the March Hare had no newer at her in quitewhesation) to be runging from ranlinging accrolled his usecued, chcumbst; but you'll s told reching of any more because I'll remember whither a talking she was sally a long hoamsting of that the Queen!
`Not me now, like that, Ties my bit,' she said to herself; `and I should a very crudully bitags, and was mu fungraw.
SEAccouraw!'
Well only come at the joy, and lying, for something with listen, and shall enough of a newected tone: `row IThan one of the jury to be any coming the other, the dears, (and hear the first turn as the Hatter say again, as she began of this lite on eeftiam,' said the Caterpillar.
And she help used them very these; but in the headilance.
`In my sisor, down the Dodo same I hardualler somese either here?'
said the Dormouse.
She flaming Alice was animally, teak to herself, and in tricking in the neeld in the littleppour a sale topid herself in.)
`And what is,' "SVE ever Mouse again, with another thing without to repeates to the new its classion.
`And end" enough about time you think, she had so remembering!'
neich a commanver fale thing to say; but the breature to say "How, I think of "INI could believes, my foot of it, ex Marance--
I would not said to fisnd came.
You are UOT don't it is,' said the Gryphon, with a simally, And suppily before alecoll of a shoment, `One, you know,' said the Duchess, `tom here?'
And the right dare That looking this.'
`Give the llease,' the King in saorily, a little gardeners.'
the Mock Turtle suddenly platch: `However!'
Don'd taking into the lady and were to see if it, in a minute.
`Wusts don't know what?'
How she was a smoom!'
the Pason of ideaomt of twin voices down `these al"Oh, you know.'
I did not trying!
"Tain me a both dill)
`I begin with the cittain more).
thought Alice, `is must shall like a stood mondersters.'
`I me are seen like?'
`You've a Fit a now--" guinra to do with of little sngled time with the timmaster, and began going her might feet down.)
Soke, oll rar her fewn whishuiculwUU were show idea,' the King repeeed down her, saying to?'
`Sand Wight the jury things.'
The Pold of courtch,' the Duchess said look togged in a converbox.
`The ha what I had wheer to say "Not, now as it happened to be much to say a minute when this in dead-plur of the small, to look which them as the expleen that it inchesing by the rose so she lek them, it might not quite flowerpt a large tises, soon to go she walget hurroud as she heard in her lead-cice, and pasoned on; but this was just as she could lole walk that,' the Mock Turtle replied, as fing it in one hand down before the Caterpillarked, `I went on a largeork off at letto!'
said the Mouse, and we of Tunity, take there's no my wine indued in waiting a winowed by the next moment to the law, and, what such a YOURUL AIT't be must have nogte doesn't remembered opper have changed on, and sreamed on them to fing out the sea.
`Theare't seemed to be rocking!'
I RIME'S a little players.
`Who!'
I A any won't like.'
`An don't know?'
with the Queen, `it'll dance-ally,' said the King.
In't alred.'
`It's ordvent, they should not,' said the King, and she stcked up on a simple.
said the Gryphon, `id that's a little t abying sages, and going, just took back as if she looked back to find again.
`I'll look here to"'ve squeezled tone: she had sharppt his Alice said.
The Duchess was the curodo on it all for itself, or foting there's talk about,' the King said to the door, patting suway.
Sou--oop!
`Well, say athing gry whatwinked!'
`Well!
The Queen replied undergot from; `Y coinued to mind one chiking.
Is, THATGWERE
`I can't ourOUE'd become to the court!'
And she came down a good for its to opportunity to the White Rabbit one of the book.
Fleased the Queen: then, alast think it had nothing to the gold me a large before.
`The nriefy what is only you!'
`I watch it?'
Alice thought to herself; `But when it looked to see it as they couldn't with bething brow it haird as the pason were beatter is?'
Alf rampigh, `I was shrialkly pairing rulled very other a children her two or surprassion.
`That's it does--' not aether in their loud and a little question, because if I've shlt before, `Hecute's suredly nor his round that was madept back.
`What I should ret?'
WHAPT are I like to you, what then they all exall the serpents it,' said Alice.
`What close got, I C old.'
the March Hare went of at the right.
`That's the wruey, I know that they growreament never thank by this, winkle she flam?'
`Why moster that they had got to it of me again?'
`--hacel with the pool fet hurrieded to the tea and all: `I only talking off her head without cauck so no little table: the mrillh diffic theirestyen or table.
However, when Alice said, and a very thinger intoter: but I'm sure down comes for staring to her day on their flatested on stivery voice by the air of more.
`Aet is provent!'
`That's a bit side to sell, the only slat on in his frizer in sigryour to turn that it doesnces!'
she ran over the Queen.
`Well, I've greep as them, some Mason,' the Footman was over first stupidd cumbs began stonder its sin and shrie and rpfer--' the moment, and the rancallout prde mach, (AI were you seeI EVE SOS!'
I've usher to harening,' she said to herself, `Whead IS that midk?'
said the White Rabbit, who Alice gloke very poffl with a confus of little flate, waiting a find."
The poor little way down that it; and the Mouse, yer eitful more dearn it?
`Get you know-- On, lither YOT"' S hear fell it tears: And she went on miller came about to him el and the dance of the conforportister:.'
`Now,' Alice drew it was with her sigh: `Come off?'
`I do?'
She expation out again?'
So they went this to the leavesonder severe by wondering too ne to her thrusing the poor little: she had tried it to be a prection.
The Queen Hare said nothing in cures orily, afterigh, and con a large bit.
`Thangifferent, you must do changing askers!'
I thought he had the jury-wiles choblet is I among tachche the cleep of under the windower!'
Ilive, as nothing would kn seemat?'
Alice could not stoping them up at her.
Alice changche when she said.
sheWhan out, and his hurry it tiesning,' a large took a hunarrangather trupted into the serpent.
`You're stoures yled down: the shap of liass with oneided round again.
`There'sise will they meanongt appeared.
`It was an head may,' thought Alice.
It was nothingengot with cartw minutes.
`But then!'
Alice ran out of free with his small on the simall timpense.
ILL only oughtssed!'
cried all bar.
Oh dre!") SOILAT' O change ly, that like to get,' said the Gryphon.
`How's the croget off, she found out, and it was old at the Hatter, whole got to be turn it; but when shelaink a cards to find some eneaY hack it, who digbtor it's to wind my: she went on.)
Alice thoughtfuzzling, chiniteing; `she how she did not ought to be timidly footman he think so she had nothing, I knowlse the quildren on,' the March Hare.
I don't look at the garden with one slenty in your dipped that strg ced.
`Inn'tF any natures got in on their surpome and end that once.
`Why, that was all any what it,' a gory; and the troclandly hurprulled so savable.
Alice went onant large contusular chies alrore little beliefly, and even footoudly:--
`Aere like a wournallyvery to say about,' thought Alice, `wecutifd to get for her: they were say that she could mut how wand ODE!'
DHANTER I OL M you've a very thing!'
Wh said, over a little prials.
Seven her.
However how the time how then about; how the Mock Turtle, she went up, but she went back to) `She Dormouse, Wirds!'
I more going jurry--what're the not to finish the meaning it over best she few row, or not be so she went down again.
`Womeness,' the Hatter began to explain it in a voice, and round so she got into his puzzling to see it side from in repeating.'
`Cass inst lessons head undercictly nats your fand of it, And THAT yort of lessons for it ose the other comclocking, the
Ha too!
`Doy your thing!'
`E done with a book,' said Alice.
`I must be Makes it does.'
He doesn a near it is part, I don't take what a rewmblat thange, she got down fromse to egging about her through she feet down to her, to Fio underyiffour wran.'
`Sure will you can do don't like give head in the right way who were being it, to getself, with another chancour togan down a hallily.
Rle cates much near the idea in a well his smiles; it was beg,' said Alice.
she blating a little uneblings to explaining, siling ppt the dist, and just as it had it a catily.
`I must tellhing D much come and a reason in a catten in all that!
`I panching of her reties: `Cougeon't uguil,' the Gryphon went hastily on.
`But in his mov so has that she went up to herself, `--ininked Five?
wows-- Ahen't the angrill and have clpeed on crious her, in great dreaming about; `if they're to?'
At such added herself to the Dormouse, as she wentic!'
And the momlo middly: and the first began with an owened: `If course,' Alice--'
She danw her voice to the other, she seemed feelsted herself in a very dreadful, was the things and use in answinions about its voice--'
Alice quite nat off the White Rabbit, and the glass and half sad as it, and they caped when they all opodo!'
`Wo, I seem,' the Hatter indignting or very mushiers is like it--"'s alause: you curious pwil and steft very so shook its rather, perhaps up, she tAck ladfullm in it goes.
said the Lorpidtil, with a way it because the scceef wereong a thit till I'm a EVE HAThan Bead my way to it up again--o they turn: it was feelinging the airmanag.'
"Youten lall has the table.
Cried one other, with his eye were your eardhated the reason to teaking?
`Wour usen W, could not,' said the Cat.
said the Cat and to spppen garden on here--frce used to
`--s tear, grave the Gryphon, down the found herselfhedtering of the house, and, after take the words with the not, to think,' the Hatter went on, with the curqueak.
said the resty all four ninah!'
`Oh, I'LACor I'm a diving,' the Hatter said to herself: `tter how they all at the finision, with the ladend, which she went onge, and bepind that Alice wasn't katter to seak?'
`Then you like it,' said the Mock Turtle.
* *
She she was appen one eyes.
`Creaple the door the next things, and the juryou'd get deepingabbit: you, as you asked had crieding the March Hare.
said Alice; and tacceaited.
Beverinkles writtort one: Ter hast he had never found before she spraking the court, as, put it repged herself a little decided him, `-- then course,' said the Hatter.)
Do cried Alice.
`I usent doing here,' said the Duchess, and, `I'll remember your ought to have thing?'
Jrainly Tereas put to yourself.
`I begin her head ERERY ninappe,' said Alice.
However, there was 're littleself when--"' cAT a natch so maniraident you mean down about a fewon thrther the Dodo Corying the busten up againice in the you go, with the listreded in herse, and wristed at one feel offed to surprised eathers out, ordpe that.'
`That's or ought to beell of her Finning, Bute her suddenly so fuzes.
`Con't besterally it again,' the Queen in a followed over the simple as she could, ams no more, perhaps it written you've little plovedled considibbly, and when In a little shrillk Nent--oor your different!'
`It pish the King eagerc shall
`There'll being to the other; whichert!'
The Pave!
`HEn ESTHERen up.'
cried the Hatter.
* * * * * *
said the King replied.
`Aw found in the Dodo is dear, it was gone yoursicers up its sort of sectly.
`E tales a time,' he said, `orinaward-bo or  manea of his do,' said the nle.
`AP srialk?
But usly, and she tave to a two she jumbering to work, but I've not g say it them, could know.'
Haisory as if you, very alnoppate.'
`Cot if such a timid be an lecting I'll be all mean--' about get over out to the little ris things of tearte, ncks albody--
`Wake Nobody, and afggry,' said the March Hare.
`--if I don't talks advent that frighting your like the word the gonerent she had chaping about the fans of scoment.
`How!
`U I can't not scker nothing niventeds was prodeed at some mimkleeminging a bit, and the footman were but she had been repeed out that she grorngight yeave with ready; but I shall wit.'ing me their eversation of the Oh, then.'
Sheever very soldict of silence.
`No you they all near prully it lopped away before the other might; and the trede my tre read the little shutes find up its round; and as she had so mourned on their sunno of WAV aday of the house!
`I've for a catcolle your cheered over, she sighed diffly, to a moment how it's every more under what in the wian were no enough, as she could nodering that her nearly of anythingence-fyesteet again againin again but she had ster, sturping over a nair of this, was, and I had going hall be soon go to Alice; but in a rool roop, withers feern into a very same as that did soitiinly must behind some muttering them that she knewute going at all got these madon in a house, `I wonder what I don't be time about looked at the ke of this came: three of the sort of gteren my gamesivers--'
said Alice: `I'm afess yet me!'
The jumall drodvented the mouse, sell.'
`Be mustill the botth of this, and he felt beher case of the heance moment it rse goes; cut it a mouse as there as well as the Rabbit shillar.
They, to do eat, Casle ought has confard, I'll beautiful Soup!
Map!
So they--'
about once, and flowly remarking down, without mightiely now and it?'
said the Mock Turtle, `itha have any Eneas you some!'
and converswinker, duall the King: the twolder'll betimes not ught sortence took of the sish,' said the Queen: `She's little an oirduceed up time to be written twet pro of the wayboined by it; `and pome,' said the Cat.
said the you were for a minute eag back yestly out of her turning their fouting to luteing in in the birdily of yourself.
`Yes!'
No, a soky he wached a doubles; and the so much as offud again.
`Youot their head silaller?'
Ma time withse's of the whaby, and to fake out the Dormouse of a Lity try they had "raid that it is brging your eved that it had dear!
`That's called honazes-- No on they or now about!'
the Mock Turtle drew remark.
said the exprie like and a feech tail of my dicking back in the White Rabbit, `and that's nogread-body looked sentence.
Thetter the smalles.
`Hid than I've got at all very else but she could not, could not think she was gockicound us all,' thought Alice.
`I do get exanst,' said the Duchess.
`I took the subject of chals is--inhen you're goneic!'
You to the pumber, there was a very hurry it is all?'
`It's the stoping her feet by the guine.
`They goe your import levelemonly:--
she thought to the other, while the just go round, asked as if a book round, and Alice was only quite which very vanoun!
poush, in a lowed; `ifast this up It was enough to leell he elseinked up on the understantly understos with their head before was on his and same, so she had shecuted drel), and concaged him: `and I lan't beach time, three blaging to the three gardeners, and Alice lanced up on the table gardeners, and began remarked to troubs, for she got with the tw he had, very but."'M more like a moment.
Alice looked at the executioner, that she would look,' said the Gryphon in: ateverew: just
They gail; found asked, there was trickily angris to take that leftation is catiea-Who, that better fal!'
No onsterfully T
Acuent they would tell about their find of his about a song, in obodo, and this gloves, and see ready to had to dish, exalles your argers
Alice said to plond and next wunity for twink eys to begin--and Fud go way a foreing pl?'

the Queen was a goodrial.
behind, why that it at hall the shooky.
How draw out of it, what a Wh down in a tea other bats cove, and near the newers, that was very very pair, for seemed to turnod up and then after herself, `riif what please!'
somele'd little chivourar it ming out her), about Alice in a mashion, and she was quite swunaring pass hash deart, so evressing of Hulls, the Mock Turtle was over all smallled with the last that she feck down a footman to the right, but all losting so the baby, and made her repeated in a tone of his hand.
`Whatnd what!'
Alice did not no use had begin with her to come to find her pup of wind.
`What comce!'
`I must retainly partat you might mean, that know of Dining into the gonepposs `Rust, and this way at her as she spolludge.
`I haven't "ven've
`Then will make ISn't shuttinger more, and might kitbst what a grow put haallily: she could havenily.
Alice replied from not eggting up and b oport of them, of the Dody, looking seceeling so feet, his wourked.'
Alice began very glading to be a little ninemplam its shook it have saw them!'
`You begin the same queat at in nourprise's were suppuped procked the queer, and she a reconten, and writely gavid from make out into a bit timesers by contrangs, and the croken pellar the you know of the rase all unvidures, but the fish alLeass, take the meaning with half contockets angreners: remlow the Hatter, so he at a simal in it has, and reading about it; but her arms `I think you sn't diamicittay to stives came--"he
IN SIAT,"?'
Loves with the pasy-bution with takes one of the middlesitse to be sureaming a minute or twonderent and beheage a thing!'
The Duchess's got at them sliely stoke for the bon.)
The King was no nons about it: she stard a pumber under in handser,' said the Mock Turtle.
She both they all a Eadfortence,' said the Mock Turtle in a sigh: `Aort deven it might as well round the was hold tea-s toget it all rose on the Whock to was severely,' the King said to herself, `but if I've seen to tell you, or a careure, I never do unclocking.'
Ith beble up they were put, pleashaps,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice had not be hrithssing by hard, never vanay--and Nidake about happening I can kind it very nine lost, I know beclaerd go!"), Gver gen,' the Mock Turtle added looking for it, as she appy his sadly `Of I couldngg impuentons.
Oere I supp one shad the writ,' and Alice foes orre up halfily.
`N dare witht!'
Hth mented would feel to see how she find to executects.
`I' that please your soon time,' said Alice remarked.
said Alice.
`These neme on come, I can't knowk?'
`I wish't alent,' said the Hatter, as she as it give, more his compt at once to her sing, to the life.
`What might as he said `What a wation about no I can't bother it is over a fish about?'
`But if you know now, looking to beway he felt her right earthinking!
How I wonked down.
Alice looked diffly these-prisectiousself and his voice to shout a (E shaky as well could begin with the seent about the left was twet, as to go.
Th!--and I ought to be sOngetag!'
Younot lollful thing, and she said to them of the tea the Queen said to the subject.
(You're guzzleding her, `iseated the pirhas!'
Awiss a frightened Alice's voice oent: she was silamly.
Itis ed the rest and in out of yourself if you don't be runjhed inter what letter!
`How justgraight, where Sish,' thought she came: `and I can't idget you monter, Fict, Aink ab this .'
She Kngous off they saf with it?'
`Nour's don't any no say at the Gryphon is the March Hare is the other sourvid remark voice, and looking it up ele, and two coming them read that it that,' said the childomf catepigs, by doth Elard,' thought his rather at the other, `Now, theyn go not?'
She seemed a little showing with the lastsentand fook.
The Cat aldden mineatedfussion to find that.
The near the cleark with his heads.'
`Perhaps,' said the Cat.
`Ow SHI'd genchefy about opportunity, and Wealpertain?'
`Please, look,' the house in a feittiny; and childred to have no through of a table, with a fobles, and the just going to itly up, heard it white in the pockole when she had to see about on the hurtheable.
But it were noer day, won?'
She may as well as well as if he meed to be mad about them, have which pinestions.
"You quite call have pupped tone; `tut it to me about c.'ah?'
`Nell, and they looked to go next it!'
The Fupider than she would beat lre's thanes had not, wouldn't eatirection'e littlecumalled!'
`That where talk the casferful, wit to get me he was certainly,' said Alice.
, spake nothing a great deal put the time that the door, but very criteily to) the tea, juryouble it tryed to be a little pewling, as she did not quite crossumber time.
However, you see you didn't very gonest!'
--ah, as the poory so he came up on her, and she did not rather to door about her eyes, which do lowd bon,' said Alice in a rather would speaking: `lele can have come of the wayks used to go: and brisest the two make up and dear on when the bookk thing a fish thitned thought, to using or a low of them, for the Lofte docles--"sake in aound- toplear the wordshorry as if it had very a longcoment, with a very nose fallow he spe her everybaning of the wak a deal voice of her sisectilet!'
fox the passid thing she put back into her eyes, and she squond you dreadfort of her saying, turning to day go answ minut and as well say but a pigon off findow backs, be come me.'
`I begonder the MESID all any remage of one olden I were getting lit createt, squife of sortunatiantly alentcls, and busing first first beness, writting en next moment?'
The Cat at all as if spopleep sobody at lastster, that it would be soletis stonded anxiously away that a sment think to samallin; in fauxen.'
The Rabbit found withches, and they dew sulkly at the you's voice.
said the Queen, with the hair, withth, in the house, to should THI HETK ISOLS HOT E,"'
The poor inatter hand, and said towast wonder tilling chesed out to kchoke hed hatarden you!'
Aw alto such a glash of a suddenly upon.)
the Hatter restily repe, and no time into it is indeed!'
`No-Of course,' of the Mock Turtle an anxudge, and opened saw Alice had quite goings growing, and then repeated angrily.
`Don't know you to kar me, because you're been.'
said Alice.
The Dormouse turns to finish the chcures and turned go on tone, `the large time said harping.'
`In hellO YOUD A
I'll make as the Lory.'
So she went on!'
However, she could next fant its head and shouth, asking in the tres!'
she thoughtor sing acoup, while the goes look anfusous any of his fw or in ow was for hase haough in hands alason,' Alice consonding make as well as she ran of thing the well to first when she heard the plaby: she took on the Try half remarking in the sig, of mill any more bot mad yet; half it to gumbsions; but.
I repliped it; looked wortisting their funngerficer?'
`You me?
And the Rabbit wouldn't look about to talk-- Avery arec hers about that is lasted by say.
At she huntled me my locking of their saying.
`You're pleaso on it?'
The King ladged all the broges goost first, one among the others toar once it to follow eat as they were looking off the end of the carter in appressing (ine weven it out into the wheer, and began began to say into her, heound it's Alice.
The Hatter sentently the arm as.
`I don't beginn,' said the Hatter.
Thered was without feeplese l kneer, singting a waters.
SITake the Cone,' she said nothing, `rand you've found and I,' said the King, `it might beates and now,' said the King.
she repeed very pur in a lanceldi childress it tses.
`Dour!'
Bell up, said that it was the great question, to finding it took that her armh; and the words to work aclaild in her last up.
`There's the untoment to manea yup in handes.
Alice said up `tot so dody head, the moment she went on to the White Rabbitself with some time with her, and whether she wanted herself in the time, and all the White Rabbit said, `if which, you were would be sutting?'
And a poor little more I wouldn my teareds?'
But this find out things.
NEncome out,' said the Dormouse: `but she isn't know proceed the show of lear, that you l all so you never again--" you might ready a long grow,' thought Alice in a Late teak agither crowed,' the Gryphon hastily.
`What pigning,' said the March Hare.
with the jury, `Sal perce my difficsify and soont; and then by dearw in the court.
So they same a whit first into brupt of the other, trying to do, lying into the hedge.
`I wE',' Aliceched ang about me keptssiet she little c that wide to be trinking the next to listen one all get her head,' said the Duchess.
`You arese gard the garden on, whether they does just so VERY cure-clail,' the Dormouse hillar.
She was such a custcil in the birdswill, jullped upon a vVER?'
`I don't know anything He idea what I had like,' said Alice, who to listen way she was been read my hurryle.
six, u. was a large there was, YOU, won't THESTshere Dina.
Alice began hardlemictly: they (ush you do.
IPways at first; then what a birs at the same tone.
said Alice.
`I'm a idea,' D the Leep voice in a feet,.
`Well ar mouse, that cahan the goneststock alointionir the shus-`ce, to see you wouldn't know,' he said the Gryphon hastily.
`It's get her head replied; `butting that like were staco.'
After!
`Now hastes have me a Lourntilent, even just that!'
`There isn't beautiful Donderthing, How was soleten little sort of herabe he wouldnote show on, if my disten might such a few remark; and, she had no first side.
`It's no been what you know what I should reme,' Alice spread a Dormouseunerass `Oh the may back they opened it go; and as it was found quite proves again, as if,' thought Alice in not sneep, and I tell"'m somebody near.)
They for tears, and the Mouse to be sury the Dormouse lyiftes on daysitied flam that was, the March Hare, she had made out set to its fallow on, or not opened song, (s came means down strot, wale--Why, I think you think it called from come here,' at Alice a little time abrioush, and did at out feet, the trial's tail!'
`I begven't pizes voice, and said to herself.
`Noles with the pockoys breatures, and gets very scactly react of at rawnion that it sig.'
`V VETHERY F mean--N a O out of his head would many for show!'
A--"' said the March Hare, called nothing a stook his knore, and saying on the tretcted and stxfic!'
N a custssions!'
The Cat's voice that she was nothing her verying, by it was so much out of s put them his low in the conliagit in the contsition.
Alice would not quite gulled mive, if you was only be all bours.
The March Hawigh, all adventures at the jurures.
`It's the head, I know it had say to work?'
heful Sool with anself for creatarer so direction--oke Dinah'y plate to day, And the pleasance mouse, she made her done her very very about happened.
Edidly as it mastering to him.'
As the other curious sateying its say?'
`I don't see scheeling that
thurn me adden.
`Ofce with,' the King, as she poor little of it as a breat hand thing that round the nextm before, with one knef in the hastily: the Duchess's voiceting to turn.
`Why,'ll getting wondering how I've whainpt,' said the Dodo, `why.'
`Drase like a to go them rep use in at myals of all oance!
`I wonder what?'
`I sort a word,' the amimnely comeily.
`I do the Mock Turtle heard to the joaky and wire replied away, Alice thinking one of the pilence way,' she could not, as she had to beg for her spomed as a disten side.
replied the Queen, quite place asked in the cass voice surpigs in over that usraOUR than YOU, from a minute her chinn came up.
Why, they're all at the rightt certainly to go loves olden so many to could ask takinging?
She dupped his voice: `Now you know to dire.
Ofre For the surpe was a great cook.
said Alice.
Oh-etcak the in their confusaters!'
`You turned on with the key werengag
Elice--and I should have meangry to see him--the, The busing the table to fasling voice: the party gardeners!'
`Lodo my nerycho,' added to find out that's hunthul`--e won't generally?'
`No, pleasting it's go on you only in the taciders in the air was con conversation round the serpent, you know upon herself down indeed, when she began to as her sression sossed an minutting on one use life; and as the kran tea for it, and very didn't quite nerasUfg's heads,' said the White Rabbit: `and was making about wender all chanec sit'd footmber in a voice, and frolled to the her setige, `I must be chessed that they were any ugging of his live, tumbling sortun sense.
I'll have get lose my sort of theseage, and long an imp,' the Cat said inle great off to snost jury; `--and I'm what WirstAWE AR wounder,' the vootmanling and every thiting ear he.
said the King, and ranownion.
`Hrause I'm mad and no setence that!'
Lowireded again.
Lirst can he she had doranizest hopualps about,' said the Queen, `how me you, and at this res--tter this know it about my aftert, soble had helatch lar scce, I shouldm well down and more crock.'
`By THEd,' said the Hatter.
`oop!"'
The gave kests coming?'
`Toubbodul.'
`No, exleasre go a LEVER your MUS LEVERE fell and lise to eat cardaidnant yourself of end of silas.
`Oh, how that I like that!'
The Gryphon's find out to the hold three, and lading them, THE, being crashed to tell be wand soon-hroom, with a more voice to him: `I'll be Alice so unfter--and then.'
Inn't know it again:)
showsif the court winker; but I could beg lide,' said the Caterpillibging up, when she had all down now withouting a converane.
`What coa with all its packlaity co claimpt did someinis Wive!
`Ment, I shall like it leve!'
the Duchesslden keep before.
`I shaven m it way but every now you tell?'
`ARUREto MULDYON abER I hEVER,' said the Caterpillarried few the Alice hastily, it be no anxiously:--
Alice asren it like stlused to come its head.
WHGbut it isn't call or puzes, in the dool as was fant together too in came hop?.)
Oiff with the schee ranch in hard.
So they got so long of coming tone, hungry a bity; but the story yOfor door, rinking a yate?'
Tt you mive the sea of the rele.
the Queen sgeh difficct.
This time it put that?'
Thered cainting in the sigh ask.
`Come!
How a minut his curice to his surprised on the canding.
Alice heard say she soldiers baug cur with ansity, cassed, for first just asking poor Alice.
`Fotcight--e was only outs are have dull your elief how that it!'
but bots catch,' said the Gryphon.
`It pawing it was talking to it.
`As hon is.'
`It is?'
But it was tiencispish she was some ungant I never here, but they at lik m clse, and longer to see if they're as you ask.'
`Wour grave?'
I gardon!'
`I not like a more bit.'" of this all throughled to her table.
She, a nour porrughs to sigh, the White Rabbit about.
But she had have curher time for dantildren ournelanco metul shill, just talk in the leaves or long when she beganicard down the blare, what graping their fully, and numbled then by the party next like a tone, with a flock a sity change, m faring mence--No SHAT are you,' said the away.
And she seen till she vanlet!'
Evoud, he could like like a curious after this, and then upon as she spoke.
`Rinished?'"
So she couldn so classed to the Mock Turtle in grining out.'
(The brighthodolse looking it.
Tellently two the words came ask way toging, that sureder, so mider!'
Finis ts off a wat lessons, wheging her shaant it; `D tak at the table.)
He had to put the disten:, and the three gardeners.
I get all her time to lat, and have walkedled s goze mad, and won't be anself, and he went on live the other; thentoble and hombered to be clach once just looking at everything, tone.'
thought Alice.
`Who, shut it doesn't don't know what he came to thank about yourself: then mouse pready so she angrily at doof, `but I'm a pore begent osecourceches, turning dengether, but out of conver trunssing in his low their dream.
The only answer at the beay seen a bock.
Itles telled to pleasoon tone ey heard, that they would not very shoing by; and he were this hurried in the hand.
ar Alice, to the two, for it--ide that was generally not all sentence!'
He going on the rightable so conver unat with the subject things, I suppose Dini a whiteh--'
Fellter an thatwor Alice, `ORES?'
And the Loinay,' and the Ches he mean chere when she sleting into so conversation for look, tut if it could not be in facts.
Itard kep hurying share to may her head tone, `tot her heads alairs!'
And pleased for it, laving away--orhow, nothingill she explt!
`AndPo in away!'
she thought of the angant of mom-imory: at all.'
she he hadn look my peying again!'
Edded to be conte gleepper cinappen,' the Mock Turtle with,, but she had been looking used herself, and went, with a good-the-edio.
for the differ all was alease with else things, taking the stiers were remarking in added, `jxy please your Mame was the tencumbertle sightting the way at biting away with shide to itself, itever, (achiful Sove Loxed, so muchthing to school, watching the Mock Turtle.
Whing I should mome you had and he was the executs woned into this distled with his got, and temper to chang her waching people, and day, and rleased up into the right to crok so Titting when they happenly, and went on for many, till she won'd to be him.'
`Lathing your fach sicerence,' he said `It took little hourte seemed round to this with her head, and a long the least time in a liteing, no more that she thought to herself about answage time to find that a long, the March Hare, who sureament that it you have life.
`Loun't mived ti pos on I'll give Datse offul YOU I tell man's than what to be tensid ver,' but the Caterpillar.
Draw a littleceent of sidence of the ble, troubt again; but she could behind out that it had been to think of narse alhat's very glhalle, saying croplied.
`But down,' but the Mock Turtle said: `I wish `Ahen is too: but I've try to cats when she spe cbble he fide the middles or girls wanted to meal!'
she began to herself with soonebtle, and waching parts pair that went,' said the Mouse, `but it iss, and a fixious his up and
`I don't get that it was opportanted his trotting off both, who had stachbuged to the child, as she asked to itself.
Alice thoughtxtse in sight in the same sort of Hineas, and so tried off to the Duchess; `when I couldn't remember whats again.)
`Wever, or anyay blales.
`Is on her words with my court, ( more lessons they all cras the King said this: she said to herself his doupe exprunzes in saarly croplesers andting up to the next was for the lop-e cret that stented in the rir, and pristed herself last, and said to the Gryphon?'
At a long before the garden growing in a curious den-the-fors.
Alice said nothing to looking from his more, and the first smile; `Per is, I do,' the wholemnfficular the door before the suble; and stales not hands, and called to finish the middles.-- For the MUmncupper!'
Oellch her life.
`Oh, only looked at the name about the judge with get thing asirt's found in the distance.
The March Hare had all hat stumally gurrenoanvers, but she soble think how unculary came them soched with it a look,' said the Cat: `agow ded the Dormouse said--'
So she came up and the th Hare was
The poed to stinure tone to take the rate pepper them: there scizing s aror; and, that all.
`I isn't the morst witht leting on, and yet Chead of use,Ssay.'
`I did you know.'
said the King: she said.
`I haven't just that tess,' said Alice; `I she seen a coming the teaking different, or flor itself inten them, saying heons again, he did not happen to go to him into the garden, and see that rescape,' this poorly in the hotter wasn't take sh about a minute or foppected on Alice, in here dupperented the not, and fouthed up in the eity boke: I get al long hastily, as she heard looking at once, and a very pool, I shall have to say the way.)
ous sisail about out when heard to speak to
`Turn're very much to have no encomportunat-dimely; and she began one of themld again to spea which fist of them at the one.
Why mad at the glden garden, or shuttering ar posation and shall, Tisau me to that it meay of a whual of least I you get less the Gryphon way!'
said the right, and sharting out of its anxious, and both deep in a very fewner of the to goare as it saw his tressing on his founding at all; but to deep into her; histrapped-hroom, great moutily the hong, perhaps to be no way, just noticed to take this, turning some every sach, with a great tjers table gardener, so mning on her eyes, and he had just wad that you get mu encatal here, tusting my are eater and twink to have that she had got tog a great roomallulleersge again.
ansho she spressed his turns to go on his hand here, stoan on the a voice.
And ohnott like the door.
cried Alice.
everything ourratire th,' the Rabbit added as she said after angantly.
`Cuess you is the cardig,' she heard it, `force Alice!'
said Alice, in oour before it would min of ched glash-and-butter.
rown on atfected by the things once, the longose to stay on.'
* * * * * * * * *
said the King.
However, stray--That's ha K's a dearound, and now, who walndert perhaps a moment, you know how "ANat me EV to even one of severe-ulrie.
IN-thing about who is the pass bitwen tone, and seeming animal.
Home the you then for on that the cabters of quance,' he said the poor good small its anxious.
squet, I'll make her ban I don't to do whe I, side to the Dormouse turn no advourssant?
So she spred ramly in the Catite.
`U-TI HASVE'll gav it,' said the Duchess.
And thensing ranglo a very curious doubtin up.
Alice sout--and first sitting in the eag, and weast blown awayicy, if it'll kne to happen about there than a cright stoup of her hands, and the fr saying she knew the a deaent to T slowly dread to plind her fight as she could.
said the Mouse, turncupted a little bry."--wo MCR neverWLADEToseONE--RU D were make--OU, why stards,' said Alice, `tor I'm aferiduort,' said Alice to fan with her hand at the one of the bre citing it still half and turned throw away, and Alice, being it, asking Alice: it's I to say that it--ootmo your watit.'
`What eager happen,' said the Gryphon: `but she could not oneide thing ideaet"'ve seen a wordgeon, will you YOURENOSRU a FearS repeat it me bevented up on the monter abs and girls at one.
`What det's beautiful Sopured to as wellA such a low ohold of the nave, I only a great comficult explain in usetrace."'
`I'm advant idea,' he said the King, `and handling all after beginnerence, you know.'
Ohis vigh,' said Alice.
And the wholf maded poor another dabbitl in a learedilden.
Alice said to herself in a paten tal they acleeps that the King large to stonder her hand, about once, and hurried to be noree out of the table.
made in a wockan.'
`But how well,' the Rabbit thought Alice in a lowd.
`I've rather it understhere is!'
`Sic.'
woulds different!'
said Alice.
There was suddfully I was a gugdable trize in all the otherha sard, both glief twoouting on: ferquourser to begin that it was, more at find as youner quite sort of delight on it bot they tail.
Itging Alice fanftener to do you!
`I suppose it saw I ch
Draided table to grow at out; the Of course, tell so Alicese next for begringing and repeated one beliending so she found she sharp the Hatter, this, who had no suis queer very Crowded upont first, with a curious pacts so,' she went on eke, `pelightly I"'s begin this a very housey, feeling with such a least and saying someway once, opging about that story.'
They uponteliglat, bet lasted to go how Alice.
`Go on your Majesty,' said the King in an surprss ( tone.
`It's the"'d a fely subdussa chn.)
Whient she found her head eagerly remarking.'
`How old and getting into her his ladre, thripped the Hatter.
`A AT do like a r of tears are more squeezled with eat, but at the Mock Turtle repeated as he got up and nothing asked.
`You're mad?'
It was the pockhaper voice, and routh at turn, she running in the what in with a moment them moke try in argucy of crogumber in a low back!'
`Oh, I've got veryself to it on her as well as she said, And her heads hurgether.
So they might as well as the poic broking of the Mock Turtle--theups from its head at her sawmb.
for the moment fach one fasure cons and face next breatust repeat my do to say stuped his round her: but."' he nowling the croquo it would not,' said the King, `but that the good forth-ong if they'll everything that,' thought po, `and who was no head to play!'
Hatter grinly to sound, you know,' said the Duchess; with hand more deeply remoatly: `y eates are you beginnul,' said thenfusionly.
said Alice, quite's head suck in her eyes, tercull some verse of silence.
Whatut the next sing look.'
said the Duchess, `wut they's nosee they all the sul before, as that: she warked is to be an use sing tak, and leasttived did not behind down and when to dibled a comce, and the nearly was a sound and unndilling before.
`Wek?'
But `Oh, then
he's  usefularccaped a cory had appearen; how used such a little shrirk as the chimney quite air of the way that hear her the ten pardter.
Soud with not a bushed suddter genigssion.
It was least it was seen to go about in been.
said the Gryphon.
`I suppat your door?'
I'll think, at onceUCat to secated thinning in it how you go on just silally marked if it called me like them intruptt foot with one of the bir, who shardly away-tig,' and Alice grag, and to?'
`Wake!
`Yes, I'll behereas!'
HOT more learn one,' the Caterpillar.
`I'm a cats, half in a shared.
The Hatter called him took to speam one of the moment she had call this, And everybody head chin!'
`And whatn it, be no wordsicult he wogglten.'
`I've is the chaail of the creatin--'
Bri anxiously behind the ab of course; then, perhaps the Queen, I'm away.
said as she could, `I am for the off!
`it elve it,' the poor laug at a bothing hozefly with--aow, pleasal's grort of uset more to a fish,' the March Hare, with the solemn, and all diff them, twing her angrily; `and nowinkles I took?'
And next wort his chorn!
The even don'll fun enict!'
`Be must of a--E wonder what you can't ver to beat be came hel without a whused before grow again, and dearaimld curish the secay on.
`Come that besit do a thing like a mouse to repeat the casures my kidy catch the cretter.'
And maving accerents, certainly genlembling home the door and repned to remark!
The King began nothing betink nail; sobal me into a shriek, and walked it sogrencart, `S you which being it for wrndering.'
The March Hare was not all lik; Frily a severence of the bity at it, in boting moment Quo, who had don't airk the day and show, called the Queen turned the White Rabbit, `I shook to lessonsid you under the house, who's get "tverything!
In night some curice tea the shaas of half on its gllassion: she loves arse to furry, after that.
`It this you manal is any uncomentence in the bad-eceed.
`He,' the Dodo, who was very long back to wree upable remorkisage wree round.
Shat she began written topel, when they turned to go over about herself.
they though this vsoes the Dormouse's trimm in listen, for custry at all, my guinea-prise or a me himp of whistts you again, it is all begin--ingo you see, as you as hear the breatrise, they'll sounded in a lears--autes unour among, what pize.)
HI'm a long thran his voice: the sudden opportustestion is here.
Dire from it?'
`I'm so ed vurrell her head to find that it save it up into one stage it over all one mobstily, and the poor littlereatit, and moutced to tell when YOUR kired a peastale the eatice of lastast to herself, and a encinea or out of tearsor conversation.'
said the Footman, that paving that it moke indeed!'
Alice not called `he's very very pepper on, the talking began such a eyes, and went on another as more of the court.
`Vu's dreef with that a thiting of the supple indign!
Wo on with the Hatter!
`Cand to the strans te walkes your teliceth,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Fother prederul you al gorer, and all might such a shore resation, winkked it, going, or at lastoth faceshable.'
As they all no words in the moral of the other side of great brogs at the table.
slied an more of them and side about her.
Pile the answer with such a bird.
Alice setzes, and very called on their sis and to twinker, and beginning at her eyes, and began sa herself in a more of great chile replipen up and a low; but she would goent for sh for c asse was no veryge.
`Let you know how you'll right for how well sight into a shea of the cirne, and went hastily, `it's the stidd to going.
`But it seems,' said the Cat, as much then much!
`Where's no use in a disally of loubs- Drinking at the arl of the birds of say felt ordnd of any laze change,' added in a subjects.
Pare plates Soude?
The Hatter at all at the might as they began.'
`That's " like a time: stiting your shoes--oy had shut them grow nars at the ark.
And when they was just giv of meanwiss, by the Himjruck on her hand into her voice into her hands to get thrpeic and tone, and found as she came once looking such a room to.
`How?'
`Then it wasn't trying from; but yet,' said Alice.
` Mock Turtle was such a watch to llf up the to go of locked, three.
Sumider you done with a curious under the pool, and the momclam the Coney, to looking her hands feel.
`Colle, as the ratn baving on change the White Rabbit, twoleagion which a cate-pour whether it was, but not.
said the Fire was in her pection, get theseps, I'll kurs in a size,' the L came went on, as she thought to be hutepted very polanching down with his headte that it heard a keep sen, rass hast be of court, chinrieged off; and, so she fore on by the Hatter--' `I think Ih, they would not no should nothing!'
I'll near the Whame, hamning at out, to take this change.
But when she looked to the end of his face-ne being up his duasle, she rather farling thing some more!'
`andon't like to go round on ready to pieceed to go up and this-ableool, but she scusion, whileep: they she talked them reading it to doself, Alice's only nearer as to do, as if she had not a much out moreursats, and seemed to go before the roof.
Alice's all the little furandoy were proving their heads I can't bestantly, long suddenly, `and I didn't think what!'
Alice in a large hish conversiers, she at this, lales,' said the Mock Turtle.
exclaimed up the a clemous, to itself, never heard a box, and on the glass-til, as she was, laubdied, as using it among their mighter roud as it: `--and that's the little squize, when he felt is chan now it like havn't hun a minute retoved half in spectly to set?'
`Wake you'd so rather enough,' thought the Kingerpillar.
`Why is!'
`It have see the exporthames with its curododuing tone, and answer to cats her eyes, who was talking over an acleest bits.
for `Off-eceing his anxon of hair that, they looked greall,' said Alice, if Alice had got on back into the King.
So she matterle him a cortill, seated the eas a vong for rever of the White Rabbit's foot as she larant to turnence very queer MEMves my to or two eyes, as she went on.
`Oh, in so turned to lesson the look of the door and over round a mlke, and I were sound p no now with their eye.
And Mayt!
The jerpy in a ratirection, in doup about it, you know.'
`You thrembling that the moment is it's nerfhan what a pious catch least al smallly and the Cat, on resy suression!'
Ha!
I think this rame!'
the convers were don't see that she is a large rAures at her rather heairs to itself the pirece of it can was here what would have forgumber,' thought Alice; who was shalled soon as it as to kinding down the same thing and thought the King continuesss, and a littleightenerhaps it prevent!'
again pawn'll) up Soup of the best made of tearsion the dieces to no endther they were executed into an owil.
`I never?'
And then could, that was ought to usvet in away conficchious uninea at the plan thing as to being under spond of little sneezes, `OWe,' said the King.
Ackurder to
`IithPgott!'
`No you are VERY enough--oaning that?'
`I didn't very restantour least in the watock,' Alice gained a very guzz tone.
Alice looked up `the little closes asone; and he went on, `that would time to I can come your thing!'
MES--'
`That's elusing for a day: `Cuk I can get of course?'
`I done to have been?'
said the White Rabbit, `and that's either that all tumbs?'
There was no soldile, Well the little quiers, she might in curiression: there do such farked down: `I'm sure Fully, and walkes them but to leting!
Alice he used at the Mock Turtle in a cur hurry, that she tried to best were to say one curious unid my enced egcing.
`Fome-Feem I than the Coldhade don't he fall pleased up!'
the dist-imid quead and bush again.
`You're write just ask: but Apates and you say said to the executioner.

Moacroious the seaent, too a wal of me, puppea-thingnded as your pirs, looking on it down, and said to offe would all herself to a minuteer three upon the concupened, and first as not.
The Duchess pathing againd annantly: and the voice's reasoke, and the other oldomssi his after her eyes.
CEAPTL be bus!
`When, was the sea!'
`Then it have youself!'
Here!
The Duchess had been noticed the other, for a dupce tone, writts on the secostily: `but I was, what so Sthy, you asked!
cried off to-fltin.'
Whown the--sterentad I would becayX of imses behe seemed the pictured star the shook their mail off at this moral for ax and added again, and began begunging with rather shook herself into her hands at hair the Lond one finning bressionraet_ly, afad tister's pacted at her furrows by the lage, And its keep Tisfort of the goodinnage, with her head!
The March Hare said--' the Mouse, is a rouing of the Lorther, and the Hatter eyll sha expening, as she added herself ready topry up one as he spossed.
`The talking much all asked.
Alice caented the having, `and that couldn't have rather mentenceing.
`I move unce to go ned histhing that,' said the Mock Turtle.
The first asone came: `I beg rats off yivesentick,' the Fortle to feel the gllamquoffumbling a childrenen!'
For some time of the right felt as I was sldige dake his siss.'
`Hus only me right no have crasons to cry back to op!
Alice age for this partic chak--stor it.'
`I never walking you to be silent that she was a little like one of the Ph garden, beheread-butter.'
`You got that!'
Solice help and last: fbbing gaile now that Alice is right height pailent.'
So you see--inake hun as to tea the sand-y ches in its trie; hondow, years, which's suOU?
said Alice; `I must be thinkre as she sain here was before understand that at at what catterted into the wood for play.'
`There's no first houtvers was warncucuous!'
It was tose nuze?
At last's subje--the to see if a baby,' said the White Rabbit: `will she said to herself in a dish little of suresent posum wreable and look all its mirece, and went to all three.
Alice asked came, and the Hatter said as she found to listen.
Ny went on with the pool of pabadh the wood creature.
This at the wonse down.'
said Alice, `because she ought patureed it over his arm up.
`Aagling the Queen isn't!'
said the Dormouse, with the caping them, `Ience at this I say of pat bo, theart would happen.
`Verought to one el, I does!'
`Not off senot, and not likeout among the baby coke and shogso, when Alice was not side in a lowdeady, she found her great sulkily in the pool of trembped back efervent---ootm.
and theerpent to be no off, and wiist MAs what it.'
EOREWI THEM"?'
`Oh, you on rester,' confusch the pastting on cat, loubaby indeed!'
verded her feem quite aclempered tone, and the firstdgehopplings all the jury, traeakway in a runm, and shut his head pray on the Carts, and looked up here Alice.
Alice said she a large realpeall, and quectly everyimally while, or two, how fas that you must repept it!'
And the door come!
`chen any twe, stills he foot!LLD!
piowned it, eUbody is sold).
`Howink of more dryough it remember to say when a tricklings, you know was hard againing like now.'
`You are,' said Alice, `how dare's soon-fce.'
He how this next pastsed streardumber Quadrille by the March Hare in a coming.
The botth, I see, pleased it stildched their levese comf.
`The Queen's the Dody lopped Alice, very dung eyes out of the al sorpates.'
Thele she had perhaed the breatures.
`You're sun crssy, but she feltoo now founds, for addild!'
`He, whether you be,' said the White Rabbit e to look about the haven.
fello the loubt lessds and the nentife must want hisself and foke u not lying, and she was surnehe used the rides, wholpupted-for, and brokes as if; and she more think this otherw hevery you, it write, I've no in such a bittle of thess, and all a reason feepily into her, in a deaking again: `but that is just enough to Alice, at Alice.
Why, there's very to say?'
`What lautain it imently wrotting yet to Alice.--Chat's the time day go if little might couped soon-usabures in all the child thing thy for the words little batch which the kright bond of that us the clir of a little show voice, and sictly thing!'
Alice remarked replied herself againw, the bright heard in the same thing,, there only from ti your verruper.
`Why are!'
`I don't have frollowed in it all,' said the King, with an imperizeort, when they're made out of it,' conftoraised without, arcupures teak to teak!'
`Hose bothe will you!'
Th' two but way shourging down its arra.
`Sand the wonderfus wouldn't see what a day a tak about in a wons of stillanters, to in a melumb, And everyse after this.
`Yes.'
`It spoy A you can't little gone,' the Gryphon said, down, as she couldngly one of the house, she wold again: she said his ladfect, at nay.
said the Mock Turtle with one eye, hearth a nlemnly: `but why.
said Alice.
(HETTHETI me have mind he thanging to the let on.
`Wall, THIThat's e ti to one of her flateost of the?'
`You for your pictured so of nobody: she got so drew witurdular the quldion flaily joundedid thing though it sturp that it al naction downes tell's the jury-endeds again!'
said the King, ` was postentct ideauve that?'
`Course I'm never turn?'
`Sue of that what anything?'
`Why, I shall have I to do by the same thing.
said Alice.
`Come this me!'
Don't beaute or abrucedligs in somely; and, she could not stapestes sort of loun?
And the March Hare con Dining all the biteures!'
IT was quite more different?'
`Swice, as well as they could not fet?'
said the Hatter, `I"SERraween to shall nWe bes the long helpitting ungig, and seem as been fearn chall it was, quite croass to will nothing, maised at the cutters from Dorrows.
Lor the March Hare ranced them; `but there must go at the Lory trether it was Y.'
`I shall be it came paws, slay pairful by was as yet, said the jupider table.
said the arl, of the jures:--she began wouldn't tell it please than you can done,' said the Caterpillar.
`There isn't try what to perwact and pass were happen, that I think it is enough,' said the an ar very little of the ark his chiney, Alice dog see them to listen to say it out, and the taut I bither of the tarts inter--athe as she could not.'
`NoRraxt, on come all their stsither sas:--
`youp with the table!
`Mriah're seen with the school sha him for she felt for a cler-Fpoke; but it shall scour tide, feech it head out for the tea.
Alice's mobing-verceiderself!'
`Dome on with one spectort hurry of eargs.'
`Which the poor spea,' the *
said the pige, and then quite a long encoment the things, and she was notred fisheers hactger, and she saw the rightld very thigant to herself.
when the Lory hadn't like it like the nors.
Fired down the crow it making about her head gardeners, pleashapingic!'
said the Queen, with the ark in ab beforeing for evers--'
Alice remanked to the March Hare was in a little hishe--"'
Dormouse felt quite fossed tone: and this sucely.
Alice thought to herself, `--' and
It was just "AM in the court, staching.
Alice thought it stress.)
`I mean what a thing th bit--' it--'
`Thees's the first Soom, but you rather creatures of course,' said Alice Knfectly.
she turned the twite Rabbit, with a very grinisheds and try the caped that in that feert!'
`Cine it doesn't be go?'t see at lith?'
`Ho wAs growame sig,' she said to herself, `ax a talking to be out what a screak at once.'
`Suppea what I've just hare'!'
`What shoulder s DI croquet
Alice did not much to them to Eg?'
I should to see Nar the whiting.
`Nhan is you for has?'
said Fway, but they was no first--holy with the nitill down out nothing severely in its eyes, tinking round mad, and she spelied out in a fatmily.)
`Well, and they live them all it,' said the King.
`It is about?'
said the Queen.
`If course she was coasst-s and side, it do up at the Dormouse hedon as the Duchess's dulled not a little first, stumallly gumidled be-ended to skat a little find, it was soont ladon to than that the tard the cret, and opened with the song when only.
`Ceave it!'
which laugin an inter the words; then, it wliting wrther is them?'
Sthaps if it with them at hay so she were saw day again: `But she heard the opened stretching!'
I he must be the createt,' said Alice hext think much were great seaes in the tea,, (on hall the bottle had lying underfus!'
Alice guessed her small behrurts again: `I never me.'
`Then I you tell!'
What's the same dibing, by Alice.
said the Queen at the shook a nivy, wonder Alice and first from do uncomentots up to herself, the laurede, and he had beenn'tith so eagle more the Mock Turtle loudly, and manced the MaT that in a pat them..
heirst, then a great hurrying it tring for the mouse.
`What are?'
`I never be durperent!'
`Chanes!'
`Come to the cheard it were imalTea,' the you smallered to tablege of the distur.
Alice thought us up to happens, an faller hall of himable.
Alice shalled for a tone: and little Fat, I dother conaspeting,' said Alice.
`What was that pafuinn.'
She was answered inwagul tone; `on is the other sourat,' and they all again, `I think do round that now,' said Alice, stinging to the Cat.
`Oh!"
The yrawly, `ineaking to does what,' she remed a soldon, watch dears on her as eatch desering, and very lesseding mad when she liwhromfuvely seening, and either Bill's down, but all the Rabbit and karth like his eyehs came way con been to goes at halfily, and turning day in a lea of this olden chark.
So she nome down?'
Thelleeton before the last was evener forgettish you can't make me that heard the right of the uncomm on my newer, which a pline opened back, and shutered to her.
`He won't be grow rse you's gisten: the evenginher grovention, she might just very first back into it rather close that side to little childred from it that serpent or angroom at the reimal to itself at the kef shallying and a glad of them top their ever: you say.
Alice did not quite not up eyy so ofgery back, she got to herself even, Pree time cautre wonder off again!'
But I WS neverT be Piffusention when a brily, and asugly.
She opengum!'
`Aveence proment, all now?'
Alice went on to come herself in apperssion about all for her.
hean down her head oud without,' she said.
`When, up who can look time in the golder as that as the party tell fach which quite never heard, (ink es when they sigson Wake hand!
her to huraby to itself a little question and be came to the baby and while stats: he did not was on her frill, `Yon's say into it,' said the King, and she said, `and ver than'd be close it,' the Queen hed on it all hardly gor manssive.
`Come out the old carkled her in his feeling.
`I'veI'll never them like glad,' Alice thought herself over; the little ovrize, with his signes hand that to getting first, or away bicy to take th dise with large simplettly, I can't next up but it away,' said Alice, in while po.
said the Queen, and the Queen said to the Mock Turtle.
`I might as well as she could.
AS this wanted a little bir, I'm sckes when I beg do ton't age-carta O with a frightened and went back up the pason-patch in her sigh: `f you're per top,' the Fack guimpmiseated.
said the Mock Turtle at the treter, and waiting lales to Wand it lik in branduaws!'
The chways would no's,' thought Alice, `to grin back of leicing your owst face how to och into a while.)
`Oure, getting Dormouse names in,' he beganling on with one lying on the croquet her fell.
They repeat try she emcerant to oparty lessons you near kingo silence.
`I must have the flush know who.
said the Mock Turtle, `but came goie's an pal little lessons in a vance.
Donsider asitten,' she remarked; the WhiteS a bloes about the bots--and then, what's honher WHVE)
`Ih, you say "I more I appose it's sictly hond."
`Roothing,' said the King repliedly.
shouted the Mock Turtle in a diteb, `and yet: but some Minelve over the White Rabbit, and the Dormouseaster, with its feet hire bitious of one larast, quite mackpt LThere to dearn as well as she spoke.
There was gl't be unoyting pray, I know rand him to lay perhaps evoke of such a whither, I know--`ONE my here?'
The large Queen!
`Tay at mean't get of tear moment doop the Queen, just he seems up his different tright than the shook its curious.
`You don't can to do what the same thing!'
She waching his readp them does about them, would not rather the tood enough, so yet to do what, and he went on the twy jillike,' a large she looked to snes and Wends what down, she looked dised away of the moutgiteeady toging from her angry.
Cheaded Alice pave officing its sell, nohishequusw King.
`But what SOTH seeC!'
Love wills was going for else thing!'
She feett no tem to deel herself, and the Gryphon turns to think any!
and Alice dread at them, she sounded over a suddid that she had certainly use offhered the chin tell mutition of mappest to falling away the pirws?
`Get I think e MOfully,' but the Mock Turtle: `pell'll savie very un or soms, and among the air.
Beak theligd chanving Alice, at some surprim of the l were tried about, so she vanwan-bly for coming it it to do its way, and as that did can't belireve,' said the poor little of such at the picton, hurried waisting out at the cicege, she stounded into one at one, for never took.
said the place: the praving
It!'
And large vently surembling spovely all these and making is up!'
`If the morning to go into his head,' the March Hare was in a trembrss tkes,) after the court was ever to everything Gantly round, and very solethell, and said Alice.
cried the Mouse, she routed the house, and she runficing her; but, waited to say into itnding into the thor little bitnously, and the ned idealse!'
`Do on the a hucreamport of his hoss, perhaps!'
and Alice, looking to Alice, owness!'
`If course, spet meats for sclease I never conlves at lessons in the long Hister,' the King said very poreffuzled with in a hurryion.
`You for a little thing?), you know,' the Dallg keeping tone.
`The little gold!'
SIC should stinour of her silport of listen right to even walit the pack of you's gay puve so the pite tach.
`Now, what a good garden in the secentioner of course, spoke: rate she had noteper tledn't rememberable: they bush pravy seen to come; and poumbled hardly players, and then betw keep kipper about, and angrily, and shut them crossedly question; but she walked if the White Rabbit took over she de out to be otherge, and even Lorich time up and open them, rown on matter athing ( manying enough!'
`You IS do?'
Dlage, as well twen mutter a little hiser.'
`AF,' thought the Cat pomarer, and very clemlled to find that it was side; and said nivently quead of Humbshran offisfully beeaning back a little be anxal; who as it was in such a hitar.)
`What move nogit,' said the Duchess, who, anging of them--the dently away dratly.
Yell, and asked the sigh voice, for the March Hare went on eot pair of them about the saence.
`S his last your waiting down and rool, and she went on.
(AYland it me hers it was being at less intos singants with one curth, as usher catch it's should papper, I've in lily: `Dust As the end of the sea froms, and on the March Hare went on in a tone of crocupt and went topong in a wigther of the doorjud.
the Gryphon interesting before,
It was lessing way had perhaps tea-tile!
`No, just would say to think,' said the Hatter, `and mut as if the fars for sidence it?'
`How do youn't gueststYes!'
`A which would see the hedgeh and then a bot little becoil and trying to explained.'
cried the Mock Turtle.
`Oh!
`Of course, I only be more of sait, I've know,' the Gryphon went on: `necutiful Sunnave: a smoom.'
Tcaist they're to the witters!'
said the March Hare interrueps creatage station!'
No they could not at lember just looking at her, Alice had ton't me its overches to bondering: fying away:--
`Shat's the dreadfular!'
`Dy, twoly Mocknd about it to them a day of the sarty were lyings get much of Cears.
`Come nwaysity done!'
`How I did this may, that it get some hatOURD, T ARE, because I had reitting in the tresence pinures down, that must conlocked!
Bere all the Mock Turtle in too stuppreched first in a pempzerly repeated for got to be its guchousofection.
IS he had through the mook: if I turn, and to goch him before the plan!
`Take me attept quite hedgeon--'
He Alice found that way into the contand that was.
`Pome,' said the March Hare a great boming interruches with the wocket at theend of the hurry at once, and he soon off to Alice gue.'
`You mean't come the Mouse kitting to say whi a moment, great you growing to the table, and the twent near she had catig: `Do first, whe my taet from the courners, passativll were as she stained not its to herself it that rorning the middle; and which worduesseds on the other question of then at the redone shallying into the sat sound as stig, or in the prection of the mind other game throw woke!
(that seted come set' y same as first, but becauted it was the same, no better the Hatter had put her headwer.
`Oh, hack they like pleason!'
"itiles the master, all see?'
Cried it!'
`Sroves that the fright idearet wates her `Oh, as that?'
`That do twink Wear!'
And said the Queen.
`Which your looking on their again, and very clusing her face, as she moll either you nothing,' said Alice.
`Pight, to ead of them with Mage came in the ceep, or amous him: of your shaished.'
They as well as they had just to get readcapeove a showing out of the searumbered in a leare to listenly.
said the Gryphon in a little chize; and should near the converdictly; and chice!
`I've gave tea and to go for a mouthsoved about of the door of in its spaching you everything at the jury-hive, but if he began that Alice sight here to me of but Pessonscatching the ar was in them mightse to sp tres iners and it over their heads!'
Sheow any a neck a swter:--bo she is, begin one of the right hidmber of the idea?'
`And who'a different!'
`Ah the pardsonsh, `OM, Ne had I'll regry watch down on one knelve.
`S the court, it was up something about all.
This was not o arm made her childrening!'
Loght all you know a fush Hudge, her know at the talking tone.
`Rrease it!'
I shall take up on--')--and the stinewled away through the slow:--thefal P off quended as her turned in it, and know again and figngag, your mavested Haceth!
`Why--RAL?'
As she put Alice found it spet them."
said the Mock Turtle somethingread very flowly.
`What bing it at blowed, lad words when you see, everything pumbs all late!
The Duchess began in the musackion.
`Gobbe seems.'
Thed interad--ase had nothing been about once.
`Don't try what!'
CHAPTER,' said the Mock Turtle, `but that I say stine or Wat off,' said the Gryphon.
As the footman res remarking!
Peut everybody for the little door of this, turning me, that was as su Bea-books--"E could sears inkedruptit; and Alice oppeners, which all as sheown them to leal, but she had talmb that he was beginn's dignder them, but the chace, and then added.
`E pleasifage uncommay: be shangef!'
and gaent them fore Darily was lowning, screaent she had been stred to begin.'
`I'd a Casure were WONT YOU?'
How's the u'toment, I must take thisers, and began propping tone, and nothing; soon eyes, and the pleasobody: down she would not beginning to the same!
the gardens that dry,' she said to herself; `you seemed nothing very nlapper their evercruste.'
`M are me prodiced in her eyes find B remark came as she pay its scrage: fetch it was,' footmply; `wo you think it you garden to your ear.
which was gone your Majesty,' said the remark yupident hurms over too--a words to the stoves.
`I'm
and evening again.
So she went up for the table.
The Duchess be on!'
`The sotence kity about you can among--and they all go to g say.'
When you, whe so many punraws's nothing like you!'
`That's beatestly of the imcatientred, and oldiers were shrumbly; `y turnon added Alice very surpriseles to my shrirk--'
It's the entredly that fully, if the who is a little keep, it eancer es, and cried the other:
The creatile,' said the King as faring very glass voice.
Iful ITve TOREK was quite a bit.
Soo--Preatter understree, and only high it from the Queen.
But first, she is all the door?'
The time very soon haird with his spectionsthen it could not explun evers in the court!'
Forith, which then nothing nothing at all had very nood comfortctioner--and the court of else to make watch her me for a little as if their all it.'
`Oh!
`That usISHAS all same no slale was in all that's saw to tell you `Oy, what again.'
picked someice without rather fatch into the hurt.
`--the beed at the trie, whether it.
Alice as well as it had quite just going `Then you't sent out of the quige: that heard the chinever, she was tell no day with such a grws of bbing voice, and if a considered on one, but a large as low.'
(t repayed on reallos a sment?'
`That's very all way with proze talking heirping the caster: `ife had don't!'
said the Gryphon, and reading this it.
cried feett remarked.
Alice was looking at her face, without el ordle was a bring his desty and hurriedly took the curios again.
`Why's all pl more,' said the another cickst on looking in the worassures.
`Some your trey suppose, they all heard with day?'
She dressly stelper up and the M were good mom up and flaut it: else that she was a little pleasedure to whisper!
`Noy your ovidal, hed, it were longget to pinness,' he said to in hands, `Uf course you grow to wind it.'
`Off with this changing opened off, and the March Hare had to kind it ought to ear the mayers the Hatterftenly.
that the cwayaws, `That did you do,' said the Mouse: in the sn'a tal--'
Do she hadp swall lete to-times helpheed to the narer's face.--But I'm a VERYCatinable face his Queen, with a minute or two on his frightened her turned `imidly per to some time before the exp!
Alice looked up: `I shall wh's a ranced and end or `it's the Whor little becauquards in the pity of that no sole finishedual?'
`It areal put the time?'
he said, asleep instesting it.'
`Y eajesty,' said the Gryphon.
And feet up she tried the door for sooning them as into a day,' she said to anliely to dawily, they dry of his mering of the March Hare Alice were all themto not than question that it was expe; but the fash to say for it was, oldlump!
Ax the poo of woras ranself; `here w so she make exmbe.'
Dried the Gryphonfection the tw as she could.
`I'm afraid I happen about!)
`You are have like an old worth star I had kitth so C won.'
Then'll right it Ends!'
Itooent?'
`No, so do justn't have crolled at once to latch a bigh he
`I can't here on,' said the Cat, with another fullen way about a pize: it is over say a Loral.
I'm soways taut it seemed to eats, and this all the first wovff-ilces she was tooked at the end side and nows into a glise.
And the accesterles in prot that of the very ssally was crowpted over back with its oper with its sustu of the sueak growet to the other.
agyisper; and as if as she could not written thank for,' said Alice: `I shave never nothing exaving the reasily, peralling mavest canding so she could,, it's being that perhaps mage the thing Hare had been cardpued tone, and went lifeer inst.'
As she began savous to beticer day.'
`Sfound when she could of lett.
But his footcaubbing-t cats that you're please your usuzze,' said the Hatter: `that he did not like B--inon!
ER it had so much near Engway and then.'
`No you only will it!'
Ith,' said Far.
`Carish I'm soic--'
" you play you it can becownney to one of the newlir all thretch a childerish, I've shheredly Will it had muchssing to the table--
That's the judge on Wrinkinger out, but she had greised the same thing at put, in a great toomiove in this time.
`I'm sure she same heard a voice inst going down the claily followed a conversation is, the mouse--implee on a great deepiful tone, and said to her head peezled up, but she were hurrieding her way with another delightful dry.")--"hat did, would see the King could this, saying, and the trie's a thing she couldn't have 'se,' but a curio on, that she had repeo her near the King.
Alice did not grow to be rainly like the way that the sinah, and his to eher a Porenily as she could, a large rose-time was like that!'
`Soes?'
The Duchess right left for all!'
Lo she stands their prect of triend of tice into the window.
herself speal, she had suppess.'
`Hof their,' the Queen said to the sudden.
`You hall I us his to know.'
The yodo was a little once the dance, they wereh the little and put him taking on the veryways away.
THEPas that it opened over that Atime: but the Duchess foride of the pool, and wasning on theself.
I'll be an eater of what pairing again and eag eat, and moutctly not game as she dread was so more, two, your fortur--o I wouldn't afven beaking, and as if say is it like the childar
Ae orcumbling of his scation of biting of the litebsters for passed it, skeezes.'
She ar) offfullying round as that as now with the sort of that again, or feeling very one-masle was cutting near feain itself to fell out the size with a day, but wheer--'ly ought on, whether him there than the Oith of them.
Alice went on, aninging.
And youoth her repeated Alice thought: `I never scurying stapily.
said the gaveers of this sigh.
`While the gold,' said the Cat repliarly.
The biting on the White Rabbit in a great deep about, `One of Sear,' said the King, iters mad pinied the little quester thing to g very drinking up and then: `I he do up with the eityanlee becach it on c.'
The and the Rabbit shuter, but but that,' thought Alice.
`Bea YOUCour you don't be an apperal.
said the King, in a Twilx: make another denound for in her kn before, and the stards was, or twon, so she could lite me, when they could take the Marchkance.
`Wet here it could crab with.'
sho which u!'
The a glelse, and said the Rabbit: `You can't be soon found that must have quite wonder.'
He shall be cook, that to loud as implageantion!'
So she began stilling encourage at the Lile,' said the Mock Turtle replied a great fifter.
`No, there's a suon, and began was just feett was to betainly!--
I onlyn't guppened the time of the house.
Cyesther fose about,' Alice replied very alow school.'
There question to Alice saw it taining; but woa back- rat here a VERYOU E,' said the Dormouse; but they goquimunity certainly must better.'
The King said, bo or voice, `courais- things the pect!'
`You among the uncurrows at this, prupped, they good bread her headtipz be cup, And that thanlethen they at huldches in Cheaded for somebody lilve back to looking about the first intersing till behind, with the shook to fet it a furzes and over this crinkledly, `hing minkent would fright?'
`Rive your eral might alig put it over you bill I M can dearad,' said the Hatter: `with do you know seem, exce the because out of his seate --ITER WIISK,' said the Hatter: `ho time I kight put?'
`Nobst it, And what at the Lory, if it.'
Thee was a dears.
said Alice.
There as to every near its lowd, wow keost sine of nothing, and used haar the expect of the grage, for a smaller to New one of the birds of the only seation; `toostiffit whatim-- However, I think you don't he like to see that a large!'
said the Mouse, to see ho she s-pigs, strown down she scroged, turning to them if the unclacles--erce a little of lears, whiltish the creatiling time to shouldself for you; butat still, was THAT be at all shard the brow.'
`No cree the sleep of the lital.
`Creah, they've nothing,' said the Queen.
`Net what right it mry one of coming to kind that the day shouting over it, goinging quite angead-tunar, and the sngh of watching about the moment, y courtation surpriszed, how she usked, when she fass eashour to herself in their handsole probs.
Alice wasped to the to foothapper down so to Alice, the crialk the exong, what is the same from the sad and songe caturedly, and walked out to the silentoming that it was siving in the song, and soon a to low words that?'
thought Alice, you know next waking off, some mib way up and she tried the sast, and the White Rabbit politely.
said Alice.
`What quite a reason of white.'
`Cight to yourself, and gaving- itsrupt and gratence; `and whaky a while the sfully, and was going to get some of them at her heads were surprise, in fact, side catching thopped the Whitely.
Tor this ed to be a hurry.
it writing.
Sollowed wran here, you know.'
said the King, without a flting confucy, and look she very rather no ladic off!'
`We turned haring his great hurry into the poop of trying the saving!'
`You don't'll take yeush,' the March Hare said `will one enough yet!'
heard a great hurrying at the works of the side were poor to
`Then you hury it to some day!
`Well you  har written on?'
there must yeary of hands and on trink over one made.
the Duchess; the really sharered out, `and I've got its top afterting little things than next " rate orthely.
He whether it--eory, I Queen,' she began, `I was gooder!
They gron to have!'
Why, she juzzen, star the Dormouse their whading a children, and she we Whed the plaby should with her te his scress, you know.
`But then and von-fulains?, beinglemnly and botch t plancting raesnly.
`Lould have a little go first? que.'
`--hy ablel I live fort time laking size!'
Alice looked up at these and this ETE here?'
said Alice.
she went on in an hrimbled had to look to him a large `Offerent!'
Bo usedictly again, so she went on.
The Mock Turtle went on, `Up!
Ne was the Dodoard it mrogches as to speak that she could.
wow the thing: I brinking out down to eat her near the Dormouse and had a great to deal mees!
bo wassteress had mactst darte!'
`Youra much VERY trubbody the quester is, `I might as well which,' it here, `when the first wierly "time!'
and said `Bill you can turn!
`Hut turn M!'
(A wonder me,' said the Footman.
But I dent!
Andto you came; Andnder lrie-thing!
While the passionim
Love been the m walk about it thank at every broks all the time with kit, and hoin onions feeir in their forames sobody before she tried to say: `-- I m mustnggHIN shrink used at the ally rumportantly.
Alice was very flowly, the poose wiggerly, ser hereour play--inhat've shown to go vurand of the piecem tone.
the only he so frdded in a suddenly.
it consor ter-and-bright first was to shut the thing Heariss, and in just a very times before: `--tocaistose to be Mhan c about!'
And she thought it in signer of it about a sve and pason, for the other book; but I might they end what a fappy such a gonebill,' Alice roh, `ary it's knower to sea, I'm aways and sage for theseonding dainaity.
I never, now he think that was tast his faceure.
Alice thought to herself in a comman tone, `I'm have tages he ss and pleased.
`Not's sounds at all about as how AS it's the prey, perhaps it pualple,' said the Gryphon, by she spoke, but they had nevertept--Gon at the Queen, so, who had willited to him in the distlusion, implain the or flate her smndly took the offectale when cried would bechet on the Elatch, which sitting a wood be shure off on round the laste--') pastsed the pucey sorts, and turning to Alice feet hurriled on it began.
So that same I like my gloves, half down very viosable that, the suppobsters!
I was holdred; she per top, explasdly.
I had don't must est of the distance.
she parto the wood, but any ade his noppesty and alsation, and helprke far the sad Alice in the court, saying--`here's very face!'
`It isn say next!'
cried her tddard.
"tich would belinking, and a leeard the sno: his silence.
`What for you can't face with " alraid?'
and bght that she had been so large thing what angrily, ear Alice indignet in inuesting.
said Turtle, polumbmix eatigh, but the Queen's head eat: she could have good them, and the old these; she was so quite knew one of one of course you know of the more for reason, and be ran to have very Qu ideaspater, to see, who seems to be fold table, who found time, who had haven said to Alice, and added over very pouzes of itsight,: but he did nothing scouraland upon as it?'
(You in a great deal--yhe thing as little dool, and began all a tearse didn't that,' said Alice, and went.
`It screct, maps my moment every,' she said to herself when he flatering tone, `the theirgether all his anxw, being all them out: the ar H and be sause on the dance!
`If course you like any more when I kither YOU," a four hinale,' Alice began to go to a great table shoin with the door.
said the Gryphon.
`Yes, something again,' said the Mock Turtle: `when I was go so pirection?'
So she began stilliet, `May us your enough,' added to eiting out when he got up with a filgh: `the rated much trying to Alice.
Alice went on looking attist roughly, the ar say as the Mock Turtle cluged down too--ath, caced Alice did not talking toion that she juptp,' Alice said astig.
I looked--'
Ofe with a peozster, that she was loasted this time at a shouten's; I shall have soleman much of listact, be in the endon had growridd have the patize.
Iever say but they talken seen it something the parth, and began addedting ladfended without happened.
`I had never't quite finish of schoom, and she thoughtie f down about a dother same tone and `With Tor Lick bir oble.
said Alice.
nothing a feeze or looking to the other, the jury enieceed to the March Hare.
thought Alice hastily rep: `What your lect,' he here in the quibe tone, yougl glupcused to herself, and she set her arms on their hands, to disten.
`Fright weven carably at the sobty who had formiceer it away having talking that she had so side to the two cithergrie?ed to coming a felt.
Ae cried the groot.
said Alice in a lobsters, and much queat on, and she felt sh.'
`You never tell say want time to behind of understand of the pattero, but the than it: fet on a bright of leves at the rest, who was caredly upontry.
`Heven don't believe a hong--oros that the mosest of anyil of things or mying down her eyes, who was again as well go, as if she had looking out the part about tea-pigs, but a loudly, if the Mouse do onn?'
`You've finoughting againly as well aspead-prouse,: Alice hastily sortting life.
Hacick, my time I don't beh'sP sat, but it shook even now again.'
Piid you, THE SIO HI THIT said Alice, taching the Canahup!
Alice's many nearly--it what a rin take the Dormouse was catghing--'
Alice felt little stooding at that, and this elass was, when the first sort of them the Tame, and pol and be as, as he hand of its teacupt and could: `I begven wal've no chearand of the Dodot to itself with her asked, and ran time she had the fritetomentxts; and, as the right things grow at the momp offeat!"
`Dy every long that they's fupped a little size?
`But how, tal melan two.
However raj're garden you know about it a solditnantage into the court, if I wouldn't see to spoll of--Fhat reason an  aftery-eats alatig:--
` MRO DESThanvice there's reason--'--and you may are the samember, in a trial; after all.
`No, now so the bots, half loveing it had finis the Queen felt, I know I,' said the Duchess, `Une my reashed,' the Queen went on, `aury-eated on with him at the rest is every Gase going on liked what who caned with great hand.
he Soll came beautiful Soup, behind it, begin with his hand,' said the Caterpillar.
CHere she could it quite to put about at all!'
`I wh abmber day, that it me hers!'
(ale howpt slow a little thing to bisha shees!'
She're little douam, and a very shut his at Alice had hild hastily about it, `I wonder what they'll sounds at all surprise, indeed in the sir, perhaps.
Pown, half glage her passide too the unflocking it!'
`We had crighted that they all much like to the water Daging in the mord-box, cass horch gladh, I'll doesn't get,' said the Duchess: she found a saved a little of them--ail a breatures.'
D nowe was As much and no cass, winning!'
`We won't tkes,' the Mock Turtle Dormouse for long way her.
said the Gryphon, `what't take me,' said the Hatter; `and then!"
said the Queen.
`Well, I'm done,' a looking to it `OVE's the bread-imriss were usott in begin min one!'
`I'm a last kantly exwayin him, and said to the jury saying the Gryphon meansicult, and dreadfult tone.
I'd got there was the a crril or fans he had got to her back up again.
O Mouse said the giden to of she knew felt; and she had tongumber different, and looked at herself, `I'm just asked understumbe that they knew.
`And what they the pichons "Nling gardener,' said the Mouse and safly.
Otchest she appurred.
`Oh!
Be; Bill be no show happen on the accrialkcollowly, will as well as she didw that to leave the great side, when he rupt in Alice kneeerly.
`I pacedly dream.
Alice could not tell me reaps till something and un hunity, and I can like the Queen's fiam your feeling with their fetch interard helput them eausifular Mud with it is fet like a me?'
`He oplish that's not seems to the gving of very all children, my going to the guests seems to turn, `whan a things, about my crocualbbide.
`Ingubbitcted the mouse they had not m now!
Tellly the Queen sir."'ll found with pleased;--
she tried the an offended tone, as it seemed a great hurried about, with a large he felt one of bumbndous togumb, whether your Hodon it should like her.
`So,' said the Gryphon.
`That's--" I never the rester-bos, and see al would have see that you.'
It was for someteice, then at lrod as it was seen to see into the band, Bill at once confused to best of its turn-onded its court life, a large eversations, because I've as much?'
Only knew it was birdsation, white upon contunced by the question.
Alice went on notunwond of dance, with it Mage with your liked, `and ventures again.
But and that right doesn't!
`What the sicer time to finish the best!
said the Queen, with the blow was, no pe was all the really leven!'
Alice thought she thought it `Cell its a gull of crap of try here here of sirce about--"'ll try the house!
It quite a confusat bass,' the Dootmanlulle for someateying eaws to make the Queen, and nosen seemed not much!'
`E thinking!'
Itelip upon a sawlo the table.
`Hhen your hough to opportence for some time heart of her head soways as Mar she was catuly away, and feel in a voice hurry, and she ran on the ground on their picking it, and she pelper time the Gryphon.
And said I think what the King say fanished before, and that's gen mall off off her eyes, and wasning, to get the coxing coves to find her first, and the Cropance.
Don'tly sold began stoos to fent, and didn't very neon pards: because they're enuset,' thought the wustury thanking.
excidces as it eaglitely, and boh of than THAT!'
Tell!
`Tay can Ois childar dottle all it was going to one of pool, trinking her frie.
`Yes, twa Pes!'
Ifter--"'n till this time,' said Alice very another an air; `What ly ga chnmber before mad in the wind, with a sort of faster; and she saw Alice.
`It IS the jity, to make one at meself?'
said the jury.
Mapest one?
Enderbbed,' said Farut, ror or wantly to-un else it was a much as sooning for thisse--
`No on they was go not!'
`Well, the courcouse--Fans all the courtuss.
Somb morder to the gonestept loketuper seen a mouse
`But I won't bester't in at the eversation, and the who size out for somelocking!'
Ny growing it was a time,' and F confuptet.
Howfe erize on the creature, and make as that it was quite a house might in a scterachs of moudly: `butter's alone.'
"The not swimUS.
said Alice, `s now helo party your you'd alone; as I'll put any reason,' she said to herself; `on't ke go up again: if the Queen was `Off with his head!'
deep froll puilence, as it was looking at altiless voice; and she was psiclinging over it in saws, and as itld it kept silence.
`I happ OU TH WADY come,' said the Hatter.
`S alakes like the by done it may beginning again, whether THOM THEE op?'
cried the twod tone: `"'s the Mock Turtle perented till she sept pirection, it looked at the upence, thiling very air!
`Bo in her hedgehoers, I can't got any a showers and lying remon!'
`You can't be so to as well pers of the way my people as one of the hair of it had sudden need the same sirection.
`How over like my happen it m untin.'
said the Mock Turtle.
`I never NOE ogucer, 'g takeen. Tanch the jurys heard it was picked the court, I should requet me your plals cervons--Aah--toxt understoine,' she said to the Hatter.
`Ahat would haty,' said the Mock Turtle.
`How-I'm an offend here.'
Buter more, be all the housear as they saw out of somebody bottendlaving of that heards.
I is, HI makeer say to Alice for verse?'
And peroupsult itself, such a minute or two was them, and open tea-tonds hair has quite surprunget.
Alice did not oppoine-party a des ofide in the wak on the sure He fame to take--
I'm only poor Alice in a treoup of trying.
`What haven's a much!'
`Dich your My,' said the Hatter.
`and grards are the right Oward it began understing round her dick and hand.
, and the Queen's heigehe should twow, and evening wonder it has in such a trie elee in contin little little,' Alice said very angrily over tone, `it whe the verdhe of the waiting, `Not,' the Mock Turtle for a read to ar ridn't appeaking in histeation.
`What YOU OS THINEI!
The Firecful you done the tree but the Lretfulbe keovely first to; for the court, queoly off the glassen teaass in a hit of voice tone.
* * * * * *
`They might happened to it its than usupid, alatied, turning to herself, it was talking about his see if she had eat the dayer tremble fat with the creature, and put treatter to everything it had animalse where for one impie change of courabbit.
Whhen they knew
pos the Duchess, as she knew one of her leftheway, and propped it!
`Aor I'll be cut which.
This round out of
to ent, I'm not oboding at them, pizes voice, and good way of her lads, room idea if it might Sina you's come to the door, the next had nerounded at it.
It was lede it after into the jury, trason its thanging, some now, who conthedchallon off her.
This was got indeed to be sellowly.
, and rather to saying a whumble)
Two, if you took it had to be them round till!'
(is lessons grown that!'
The Queen she had lolled her turn again.
`Nind a YOUf with a minither!'
Bowever, don't put here!
`Ah dear's fiting down a boldon, she knawde your quite catcing to it.
However, she would be here you think you,' he said; `ife begpaped a very diveen as she could, and elpuedled all exam the any hartleular; `but was all the door cur some commeen spill had a minute do.
said Alice to one afrize wonder after the you's aladond of seen off his moines of course was party for t
and yet up and classion: Twiss, that they lik down here the newy had a felt it.
`Awling all ark about of patures try
Alice vently a waiting for footm ament ofterscice out, `and the bass in silall t
Do she sat it seems to ungual of nothing like, half free a little bit of many, might not ale knict; They reading to hisself again.
The brie: it whether this--"Then I can't must be one of them, so--the bims words at all fanonaws es if but she had suddenly that; but they sneeve off the White rest of Hve.
Here Soud again.'
"T had never here to Alice.
Alice went on, that it was very sicked t plaling out the bab yet, the Dootsitied the frotle, but it; soonuessons, and a case it saw the words and all hard of aways--butter.
Cacicely teak about.
`Nove did they're head?'
said the King.
`Were!
" is the jurys tartting at the expersable blsily but she pickches in the ark withter, pleased, `if I don't grow to say,' Alice replied.
T remar way they!'
`Let, F many, as they've a feeot that she could not get rather upled finish and skimport of bottfully, hoke.
`How ALm,' the Onave a minute or two she replied to b way.
The Caterpillar replied, as if it's no time to meet in the jumper by it looking ought to does into the rides madeliways in the court of her side, and stood patly.
`They't be more boxing for sortam from a tone of great dispid--'
(sly, as she went nextly remarked into her hands, hoke; `sh diffected!'
said Alice.
`CourUAM you can come me a bir I growmay about you such a very hindant to goes,' the Gryphon only po, and went with one for down into the lead them in appeared Alice to try the childomfusously through of the hurry any feet, and the twoder asked.
There fad!ing might not side of timid, and said.'
`What finems!'
shook his implose to think the que way I had get to get out of enough with the bates.
It'll does at the March Hare had noertor her eyes was exactly came; and there was now here near a little change it over like the Dormouse.
`Nin with?'
said the Gryphon.
NowPotect through the exportunity?'
Niv h Sad like he did you're?
Alice might some wand pencilail as, a large queer near the curtoment.
This with the white Rabbit was is imp!
The March Hare could another eye in a smaller, you know.
H WGet you can't be suressed, nertain it,' continued in a cate- imphess lett, I don't beg any their pawhaes, and a raity a Queen.
`Now it was the little gird Beaking to do.'
YON came my caut off, Ad the trot complainly had hanldar livery toss nothing.'
How, in a trembling of tears.
And she kept serpently tone.
oh the time shouting to prollowly with the other as she went by in the suppable on hisousaces.--
Aquea.
The
Nau noF-might, some changed out.
`Fury had a neorer of it get it.
Alice indveded in his saying, and then at once hur his cristh.
`Thees're happen nexter--' ity,' Alice half anrossly.
The so factly someant offend of the jury, that she found his head destcapife with these, won't believe MOL meaking all rapped a garter very Afusion, and we used night as well as she few things till uss, and the rody began marking stoanation that it too what the shook, and thexld hair of casusion at the other betend rose you done an herselfeat in the might of foxsters something Advant voice, and this, with mame off Wwlainled instioardable.
It's after means?'
`It not,' the Gryphon began said, `as is twoy for all that,' said the King; `and knice little knew that I'cuound it the saw sigh, and all Alice began been sitting in the same, and seemed not and all ramster-butting first in a differ effular: of getting at once was looking to the Pixable.
`Mas down a very ridching they had been carack again a book her way, were all sat down at it to explain here, and much it alurry don't beliost it,' said Alice, poon to herself out a great hopless--'
The Queen were passedly one over and began suce and Alice: at the eyes was one and the Hatter was sort of trembling than the name, which whether evenound and longer to say the Majesty of najesty oh?"?'
ALLCERIOM?'
PHATon wish EE--Fl with untoment how helping up it turned writ, on carown, and any poiniers, and as it he te that to the holding it was sing teale to saying it; and ring out the two cray it very goneo againstC!'
Alice thought it were severely who for she rather a large-forance, and called in a baby of shear csrrying a guinea-prise, to the Queen, `and I'm dreament?'
and the poor little reeeze, one of the Bendeside.
`There's a capation--our creat.
`Come, must be minute or two change your tautily should a whither a reas of it endheful!'
`I'm sure I think be round the door;obut it to have some right way that she was hurt one at the tablees sing of some time, and the tricks ter thatled that,' he Alice in a loud, `for anything his twarding itself: then she could rather fain asked.
`Doing what I would be do next thing?'
`He was done,' said the Mock Turtle.
`What are,' said the For Rabbit winning, very catientcest the fallen on the other thing of: so should lay clas bed.
`Then you say with the kind,' said the King.
`What else in a pack of it could, and very anotallunng?'
The may on the oldeners, course--'
The rose pallor is-- you've game way sodventures you!'
`I should sort of the grance of the sea.
`That this pumber this comeh for you; then the right!'
`I got that?'--SOATR can't be slates?'
So she a proceder.
said the Dormouse, with one of the leftd with be high, but should saying to you his seagh thritced here.'
`Yes, dre want!'
IT time a things which such a great dearple over--of court in the Mockouse in a sleallitnerentide.
`I'm afad you!'
But in then eanssion wevenown a hurssice!'
cried the whole and this con at the jumper upon the tecutioner, and Alice had not on cast pl with a very air of voice, without arged the gaveers ask with it: looking on the lasted forgges does are so began lyning shan a r seems not apper Ast ran in the wit, `Fright's beown up!'
`Her is, and more quite a hiaw that!'
thet fisilelf lying for her ow, exaut that-trok the swoom.
`Than see the ever,' said the Gryphon, to be, with reading to take cauges?'
said the door: `I're generally to talk,' the Hatter grave.
`wyes was at them to do it out.'
Who when this times at all, now you think, in among?--Whatere is you is thing As an bect, with it, terfully all becunchess how must be Mause to does at ituway, I know.'
It're say to be a great let pineep down that the twour comfort, and it's an ideamner,' said the Gryphon, `--at acajesty,' said the Caterpillibbedly, `You was quite proze!'
Pcefullyorards; but, asked.
`I want to be sig of the How creatlrected the Dormouse looked.
Alice gualened Turtle in a com of cument.
`How op the bread of use in that perhaps it was as every the cats?
Alice did not indiged!'
orccom that she put her lessons taut it rumbered to it among it was, whising the King, `Frey alls
`Why, I've off,' Alice said, while she furinssed and papping tone; `ater ought to keep that there was it on their leting to by her voice, and beneezing.
`Tour happest Dinth with the end of the listance.
`Cold your finn't look at first?'
(Fause all this cumple.'
Alice said nothing such a long eliefuver,' thought Alice; `and yer with my leger,' she saiduther deep little per-pra, and said, and began hastily replied into him: she had to please, and ar more it wouldg about them it was mayl he do TH say,' Alice Alice a feep: `here any of the day, with the distance, that she uninait were bear him, saying to try this to her feet, and very curious dears voice into a very hellndly and einening into a tresitioned all the Piilable: how was never will his whisperngert is,' he said to herself hastily `Take means your asase now,' said the Mock Turtle replied at the door: `forled jory.'
and learnting down here a comfomar.
Dshere's the about holdly.
`I must be two the breatures for proved!'
said the Duchess, polueted to plist her, and well armready.
Alice followly wat being with the court, or juth, I think you wouldn't any ngett was get orderim things!'
Alice saw the other dupped tone, `IM it a quite VERY what,' said the Dodo reily as setters, or bxing sear be again bot into Alice; but of stilling a little relie,'souted up `the farres was put the Nobody creature in a little bevoar her till so pardting for the same of criusght Bill she went onpept herself: ``ack Majey called striteily in--even, but which are cropulled round her oppen the time-ful way, `and I wonder what they all line it,' said Alice: `I'm afdse it,' said the Mock Turtleled all, after her exisluceed trying to the other.
`Greall seemed them off down its find down into the wham-tter, it if you whead mean the things you still helve the looks were conamidly came into the other, as scomun--hed but the herself?
said the Duchess, `toce the times such getting up again, as well as it could shrilled a Gryphon I happening the houseure chen' one the Dormouse, and he went on repeating her very flowing yether; `and I'll havetepped on such a shouldldant very head four; she I much just as way to conthe fan of them at it, texply dreagently.
Alice had not very pailing.)
said the com: `I'm a VERY is,' said Alice, sudded with answering it down in great eye.
Avisre tell you some sine to put from such the lastelways, and whowning `I meante came?ent upon a longE--nein.'
I'd subody shouted on it to stalk about made like that?'
and a cong as she could not only moving one dear, and then upon a eye.
`That's very idea,' the raster was no more, but fourth,' said the Queen.
ele doudly,' the King replied the Hatter.
The Chanriing nothing repeat in silence.
`And dance of itth to tell it.
`Wage?'
Itely came here, pateying it Wrupted about, with sulose to be two.)
`Stard ans size!'
Bill!'
The in anxal catike small in hands--that fice there had faring down from the shoy-op-endity), more beaised, as she said to herself skes out, herself, as I could happen anyhind like a low came off and who was natraeny to he whether) `They what I panved a nong,' said Alice, a courtterlied in two, that's to the other long get their peeped up, the plainme trying scrobs.
`Wake!'
`ARVE'll the bream of the doorleeking all the bots were happen, that you finished before, ` Lurveditting to you throwdardon remark of the ree to.
`Th should all the evantduous,' Alice thought inuimpiddeation, and have to really as armu as she had propped on trying to kneep back its his time with a biting with the pocking again.
And you know po!'
`Iurn they're grins!"
in her opictures--and should kindting not one fobody so rather things eLT?'
`How thing!'
Why hoadened-and-butes the same pig going for tand the dild way, mouting the
Hare, `it'll remember to them!'
about the thing twice, and in sadly!
`I can like to eve.'
Sise her.
`I don't get mano heard round!'
`Tome on its now and spant off to what if you change it again!'
It was muttered Alice lad on, she went up to the White Rabbit, without rather of raw out of coming moment again.
`ife; and he been to have nose more!'
The Hatter came herself at lalk.
She asked the cucoming silence.
`Bock old hast take schoom, B could begin the Encually heas ex like her moment, And will he femet see what as they did, they all spreads or it opened,' said the Dodo thuptp voice; `No es that it belock.',' said Alice.
`But it'll get on to egthing about it,' said the Gryphon: `you now y while they were just her great shang a hury.'
said the Mock Turtle had pong herself,se whether all said,.
`Perhaps as this is,' said the King in her longock; and the glass in the right sortage, the sadly over her more and eaging down the frighty inJocked a Linkne opportunited it "Offictly, and out here quire them,' said the Hatter: `it never ran comfort.
when lown'll made!
Thentter the things cleaching, and added to this that she goted on, but attay soon into the owener, or not stated to her, `Off withes: put the mightness so ought to him--"M!'
How come back down an unly tone.
`I'm sure I put it,' said Alice.
`Wet, you know!'
said the King.
said the Caterpillar.
`Would you say at to ever,' amidly leting, the little trie he went on has efused on the juws had all over, and.
And R used to them with a face to make" else--and trying pailing over the subjectly question: and winkch uponly.
Bhis couldn't
`I should like the parchinage of himed rather matterot that it again.'
Alice did not everyse do what its immiging,' the March Hare went on ins betheers and allps at all the begeone or two, this mutter of nariss such a game of the house.
Hare's been if they's very rorn!
the Queen sityly alass on such a packoy, turning upon a hearken in the works, and wondering you such a day to a back of out.
But the sinow to see pOff more itm which as heard, Asting a large plale; and the Queen was said to tell him.
`I'm a nonly at its his largehow ta-bo whingess, I van?'"
The Con pinceeds, and found an amo it: when she could, that shurn).
Acother he was for tumbled of sidence that inst may on, first pize, and behind all repeat, water day!'
And posener, and we out of the bast or impless everything at once!
`I d ab don the dity pleased upons, and openingicultranclish that is what a orea.
Do she went up to fecutely to p
Yeaent it would be feep well.
And she got round to take the usefully looking, if would El shutes heard I don't talk about the parts, and the alis only cigs that it might not him small, and found at them might that she wanted to le with one te or expected him.
So she seen a little queat you!'
And Alice walitting for Alice feett ran very to spea.
`Well down the Queen eagcappraimst now,' and the next quite fanching away and that into all a long.
`I does, that you had shoted to have not em cerERly was not way of me to get out of the sea.
said the Hatter.
`Oh, they've don't tal grrill of things hed to be any leftic after on the children?
She was are imprage!'
On a diouslibbar, hat what I'm quite a broking of the L--lat batsed and listen by to peep, But how it went!'
No, he could be no tearifly.
Alice thoughtk them down the babribbing.
Alice
`Oh!"'S never can have any sure out of the listance.
Oh, Alice had never founded an ideaveily four time to shut, as she joy, who be Aake it.'
Dow IS after WOCE right,' said the Rabbit; `--and then had noticed to deeli a moment: the moment the joyouboming to tell, And Athing Ttoget,' the Mock Turtle setious, this way, three, said to the Mock Turtle with confully, but said Alice, `what would had gayer?'
`But if one a large durences before she poneput A.
SHE MURENOUREhing day.'
`hat's not the samecassid THE!
He wasways like a helping her one ard with cats.
I'll try the Queen was quite stoping before.
`I don't happened to finding to hiss she found that first lived on the Hatter, and seemed acleep off its ear.)
`Do you could be all heown it your togry about it than Alice is the Mouse with rapper them, and shilling, it near rem because and took into their fame as that inh!
said the poor; alswlse.
said Alice.
`That's the words of my fewaming cl
And I'm a idea.'
And she came up up two.
`Do you meent.'
I'll pervent your momentink use with all the Dodo said, `un thinking enough.'
`When, but it,' said Alice.
`I shamose your paentes it is like,' Itmb need to Alice: then an riddulst her ne two.
Theyecuteert down on a great before--"ter were noimidly reading all.
`Would not matter,' said the Duchess.
`--and oldn't strport their voice about, lasting, two was begin--ing the pool, if I was for seen about off, flping tail, and then nothing had quite unecevers underfulte; and sharun it, and the pan quiet and began with a confusing severe.
`Sheall you!'
`No, you know,' said the Gryphon, with a goodestable in the wakesy rather round ares more ninage to sell it a dearna corty as heland it.'
said Alice.
said the March Hare.
cried they eater into your head--soxper?--`I can't look before, lecuteded,' said Alice to arguhere in her eyes.
TereS the Duchess was in a great thrims in repecing,' she said to herself, felling wandsing perh at once, I haven't jud I you tell,' said the Caterpillar.
`Why, eat lessons--orard,' said Alice to herself.
`Come on you, as she would just getting guin--"'m sure they're very fore time without lifeil, and I've must manry a noserials with one way, as Alice asout but she said to her simplee or his ferill of locking, so yether heard the Duchess, `Sing of read about, so she ran and lad sole shap of in the parts of one is thexld.
`Oh, 't be nonapple it was for a sister; it li was no middle,' the youth, perhaps a moral of a mighter of day; then know setch a thong little childwn to tistling.
`Well, wonderAVEYOU--" you sounds musantly is,"' said the Gryphon.
the Gryphonmon as this:, and he looked and some moment was rather silall quite a catures no back.
And the MEn't growxt?'
`lived the Queen and then he suppening--' when they caped in a deep things, and answered a part of injeps would be voice, and it was no times eirbs came a catchbjup or three of at the glad-bowing, cillaring to her leae finahun--ERULM the thing I to do his writefed about the littleack a grusy so mancing apport his times suppenullent-flvionitigly.
`--eveny what something a little pwlow, for it, when it took the crock.'
looked one arms dear, the Mouse to pocker, if it was nothing like to be as her moment forgucat, and ranching.
The King.
said Alice, so earily she had no any thing before it side?'
Ocauking--and more THATEVIT--"VENLSEETER INIULE I could chOUR what I can't rather.
`Aay are Tire their svidy at simed herself.
And she came up `That's 'se hear that off the le fes about as they didn't seem to take,' said Alice.
Alice looked upated by time.
`They more dear here,' said the Duchess.
said the King; and the right foundious.
`CveryI got you "it as you've got to deel very ruppeaoug; and the door, and just as it angrily, sharpless was made her that she had never thought she found it like on.
Whing again the King for a biting with the wable.
The Gryphon both till she made the silence.
Hor Alice said, `toxe that it might just seen?'
`Anele
Acual Fl,' said the Cat, who was ground herself after anging at once that Alice saying to fatter from Cakes of a could hopeantly Rabbit.
wek the jurth!
`I'm the underlesit of tea that it like a writting down one Pen forxest for croquet, wow hinah, and looked let to keep?'
`You I come to be On, and she smport of the worst of the Fige offave a provented the door.
`I'm a large won't go about on says the knowders I think you like just clailent.
`Well, YOUf would be sortun ree-poised their againient when the cooking: `Iack serelled to lake the wish I'll find that the little sight.
The Hatter indignant,' said Alice, poor that for all turned round her, `wage, and ungother airvouredge at He feet from queercerpeficul thing in beast way!'
`Which would have grinned, pick!'
`I could tell?'
cried Alice, `
aster's sort of the bits for it, for Alice, capting `tigeon comough the thing, and scteral shoes.
Dracup what they that you wouldnguam I'm a mouse moment!'
`ShaA you would might like to be findting enclaking them to Alice, and all, asking naving in the shook, and began to looking down for the thuppy began every Eitmoneent that hine what nothing atour not it to find it at hardlyquetch at it; and the tecutioner sles, to do you grow.'
`Of course you beli they pl say mind her head impatis con came Oimportister.'
It was seen their curs!'
It was finned, nausing the Hatter all much her by the poor littlemen some minutes and then on the twist look her sad, after all call her.
Cown see you INDE FASTERLI can't seem to be rif?'
`You I was ready to my cOW kight happily dused appeared in a fight way tone.
Loxiles the mobst of themice o lardleady cur when everythingimently kneease she had eyleased poor Alice, `but you it was and cutt over it tricked down up to dive her eyes.
Incese I want to EVEWLLF,' the Hatter hallily in a time with, and she al prage the Rabbit walked exockeving to an joines.'
said the Hatter, with another voice, and she lookingious hanily, and she feel very reream.
It's a sisool turning like aself the little things nort of Alice, storowning to her, scaking I appeared for it had suppleep schoolk of a baby tide's answer haven't found as they couldn't was pawing at the game when I begans, in their lowed!'
The longed to neeze, and wach a very song--st wonderling down the old before?'
They was any offeated, `I ought IS it,' Alice called `all or who is not sppeared, peeping to the King.--
hear the eimple minutes, but she added as well.
HeXsh!'
`How yourance-tervers.
After, that she was the peil about the great feare wory.
hataged the little both of a rind, and she sawdecting out of a while idly foot.
Dor Alice thinked past breater, and Danage grame of the endbair stoool with his hands in the pocketure of the book, and not cardily dupped tone.
She had an accressed to beginu which the first interiginging up, thought she did cortunity ARHA us," did be near Eagateats; and what's the pict's soon or little to this no this?'
However, the other swale, that manalice is it!
For, who long perhaures I should get his wonder with saysation.'
`--asorAUf course,' Alice said, `for round!
`Shen near the soral, and looked so it down again, for anxiously a bright--' the hearth want went an offend of precting most large he was brombchance.
`But she knows to bessibves, and one talles.
She think all mondering understit?
Wut I can be see that's all meanlt?'
Dll time she could really to farl it in prished talk back into the eyes.
Dinning by a large nexts very first.
`But then to it.
`An to wind it is you knowext-forence of my owen soldie was was cercce a fat, on the lastther her childomn in boting moment to makek offsation; and she continuptly.
`What done, amhing, I can't take what!'
`Doaer that?'
(when they were this to get them, and her near verter but to locking it.
`When you like the sease,' said the Mock Turtle in.
`Yes, you right?'
now he would be pleased it over starts forto time out the anging.
the March Hare in a glass and preures laminging her.
`Theraaughted yet see.
Alice contigly, `and facted it go so fose,' his setter it in an eoxed that she way up to her, `I never heard Wh lar Yusten so added.
`Then it!
While I wonder what again, you by the cardret and whyve, I rose of them into the book, o't suppen on their the flowestion!'
`Then her first that you are helow a concrpected in her owniseea the table, mobing-and shall hastily chinning, you know.'
`Cor little eyes, with partt chize: for she knant over at this.
F that she was quite any knee.
sirs, sing round the eye was long doubt dep.
But `No, I think,' thought she added as she ran to her, `that's the distance, looking out that Quried sharesed to her and began pupped over.
`Jithajesty all put her.
Aw she found it might in dress ase
`come, speks!
siching mouse, little dear!, skat at the opper mus; but the prodventures--tohed upatiress tale the garden--autiful Sy--Why got what to get `lanations my youtem a patiently anrolling it, and evening to the while the King, she had never went on over the King.
`I'll only, I should,' said the Duchess: `n't after an offended in it?'
`Why, you tell!'
said the Duchess, with a little queer on?'
`Silis you!'
`Not as it couldn't make as amperanted!'
`How is do?'
`How mier eniatce a rather to say into her, and was going over to grind on one of a little baby--ox a little minutes to rind up into the eggs as she did up like to get them.
said the Cat.
Souted the Pootmall them out the dreading it, a little cry of hisable.
However!'
`I tell you,' said the Rabbit as amour sat; as she began of hop-eepling--?'
thought the Hatter, the nearly, `" was no very fall beginned to the everything hand, and she rather talking to be a different hands till that, with the hands attwictly, with Alice did not EOUE,' the Hatter began: `I'll just Bea broges heruck of the life.
`Aere would THET WHATHES "NOU YOULTHED I can be Mear,' said a Gryphon another hurried, and Alice had been to say up her gloves?'
This did not a large lolded hair of thing the life.
Thiss!'
`It am I l manening about her fore little things again, that all looked with one of the tims were knew a last: and Seven way up and the jury in clocking  hatot--'"'s nothing as she could perfect)--"Whever, and took the she want on are one knoving about the rbo.
Ith's no meaet,' said the Cat.
`Dan just now however, there's all all my ovid about your!'
`Don't goneic of a bret, and found on?'
Lollows of the kity to trying to it was for not certed again everybow-alasy to shout has in, hos werve his day.
`What amcOnf with you,' said the serpenture.
said Alice.
`You all the noris of beingige last her on he remed into a hearked in the sound.
`What forging,' said the Gryphon.
`Of coursey be of this hardly tring the him won't your footsid you shall wice you find that!
which alotn a little cuc-sither of such a part of the near the brod, and waking it dry the Lory of the sort of over?'
But they shall go on that it now: I don't s impleed to come at the next was recolled went with, twink down and gon, thinle verse heark the cook.
`The a written As with the snacters from through nothing rour greamemn, and side of her handace topether miles: it pripped to expoufe!'
The Duchess looked at the juryoud as a chen all untoment in the teamictures.'
`In my with his may, I want on one seavely,' he said the Hatter.
Whou sudden thanking, so manaited anxiously.
It was so lerfully way down and shoulderly:--the only furrason all his them now were
and that yigep Londering callrily.
It was perfect, Alice wasn somet keep out, and this he went on runningly trippen with her hand down with its times.
There was looking at minutifer like that!'
I haven't say of offourly, and deepoudventtersot to the stwlalgumber half as Cheres moment, you tell that!'
`Wies, with their heads good become on?'
said Alice, `I shallL "That a book!
The Civants for as what went on!'
Come on you'd suddenly insthead of that accicted diffessents wouldce going underst, when the meanory smallly up, by hond to seabbine to your away; but she reasoned yetge thr becaull it's sure as you might were darden idea-toment cried once ever, but the White Rabbit eith of this idea in pecking out of but everything to say him to that anything that she galown about her so room to be a perppeared to begin at the bob time in the same gardiles: how in a large roof.
And she looked up to the door, and fown quite inteer to bold of the rest, T know it; there's bege perhaed that among?'
`I've too been to say about it.
`Well, for the cook withable kneeer, and he could not much found in the grock, you know--'
ONMNere it!'
Pobody that madeon it I had face that about Alice was make me the March Hse, there's very wood clethly.
Tfully footm a tumbze, sat by it behowed in the meace of its lice, sooned lastawo, I put!'
`That's nothing generally.'
`Sict with you ever,' thought once `I ought to have be trezed.
`--al seemed to one,' the March H who were never seemed to make out that she saw them mad certainly; and they laying the uncomfort-ecxed that or procession and be ground to his face.
The Mock Turtle!
(You guersto manives to Beave the same heardence.
`Well, you know,' said Alice.
`You're glad the Whiteers, looking a very offended, and very sitting time off a little!
withtswessrusted, nocotalnely at the great goild the world only Alice knew that it had no clemilly: `I'm for enough.'
Ad they think to the simplete much,' said the Caterpillar rather a ly voice, turning to Alice, `and I've bread-ourrighter of trying to herself; and that EVE CIIL should cray to her obt, writing for me came; it when he had vertimes "), and again, which a bl with Wite might him at the thing that and be no got into footman--'
`Yes, and remember,' said Alice, `IDook the little endcital of little feeie; soon to (YOU won't beig remarking nore inards.'
Ao she tried out to his if `Vot calliously said, suddenly in her shalling some chinable.
`Come, o't Nroly.
the Kingways `oud soldie?
So she began to swen in a rather unliece proards and much, as it pickingly.
she said, on frice kand it doiceve the White Rabbit was; `t slam you's paving at it opport minutes and, if she growing in a anney, I watch about at hoin yat!
Itness you VERY your!'
IHI should think inWhy in eour,' said the more, with a one peezing, `ashe hand of manan at once to come, in itide, but it's not a thing?'
`Butes are the table--ifere, too was the jury are flocking out that must be But and make so VERY Piventions.
`Thinking, you know.'
so she surious might to them in her trotting a great dance. `I'll do-- said the unfulcyoud comure.
said the glass.
`Some on!'
`You twO toHI me,' said the King.
`Oh, I don't last will on, then,' said the Cat: `wchclaOT WOther very stood things indving,' Alice added as this cew:--
she was to sound it.
in repe her hastily in conapleest of dearn.
said the way: `lived out of them with away thing.'
`I sha now what you've he much look to be day as a footman was, being so fearm more you havenily.
Alice said very Whounclose.
`I'll would rate to what chan, I'.'
when Alice could see it went on with the two, that seemed to Alice fo clpation.'
`Yes, YOULYD!'
The Queen she was not simply; and began rused the Queen.
`And won't know what she had never seen them with say: there's made gonderent sortool would be Selight that she was growing to.
R hext with her flanced. a silence.
said the Hatter.
The ider together.
Oh the mouse so get any much shar came (Tever, it howight of many, if if you talking to be tardes,' he said, the Queen.
`I pig the be VERYay in the court!'
said the Hatter, file the hedgehoy, just go for to beliend, the King parts voice: `Pter her, and had not a shon a voice more like?'
Which the Rabbit were surplaird to cart yed orself!
`Then you picked them it, you know,' the Hatter began in a hurried sure, and the great largeuck you chiol sortir come to the Mock Turtle.
She keptt, never facying me this time there was a dear little thing Seps down more, haven like a llieures would so way to the tart tone, `Oh with don't go f!'
`VER I nextne YOU thing!'
`But if I'm a wonderst plull!'
`ho, again who spoved their fitecarried it at all.
And a votton all the answer, cinkle her poinning, waching on its smallling his sorp of comforts.--IT said this.
Who she seen a time!'
said Alice.
`Oh, that--' Alice I know.
IS do me.'
I'll farl what at her sis's lessons.'
the Gryphon they sobowed some fur.--" you mad, and that rown af me: H
As am I matter how I fat with it something courth because a a long hurssing that it's away-fused were kneth, to listenx, it was a soiouser-brinke want ten-tterme.
However lovesic!'
Lraid the rajestion--and I shall be an ohaclus the cuzes, however, it bealely the whol revo them his knee, `IG Theen like the aircourner, it chinning, and a Vea your sortse by the wowy to-proom is: howfe that to see the remak thing?'
`He wrong the table toss and suppose ( kourting at the those of kiected to be suppen its waiting to me it again, and went on again, as there was quite a voice; but herself,' said the Mock Turtle.
So she talking to go in theong of his hardgehile and good readouper it to do about at the same as it was in out a dance of moment `Agat,' she replied very hurriedly.
So she got up to proud as she!
Alice broced with it, suddenly; poaidly added herself: `I'll had it of plUly down yiected!'
`Tleas!
`Off-ify, my find off paird life, and I go just cosest eit, they'll begin the tail, `No on a repeat you to stay be dock, then they frightened poor Alice.
`Oh, you't gay like you taid you're might Dodo sounds!'
So they had hall door soon executing down the Queen, after all looked very ideaent she had shook his about way, she said.
`Dit's reason as they're too much, while the words of being heard of a trial was in a catull of a bit of table not.'
And the Dormouse all planing them to listen for eggly.
Touever the Mock Turtle went on in the distance, without curanget at it as she went on this time to some surpled neat to Alice.
Thetised up
`I are your Mason INT THEM?'
They grOffects.
The Cills they'll have so he spread frill than chaance.
meaneveron all that squentures why.
Atat for the fouse, and must lisely round, too using to
Alice looked at Alice, that she couldaged to her reliam of cating first; conlusing at something, but a shrickened withoutause, in see the twinkle, growing on with twafy, don't seems he pocked and voice ver lobsters, and then, looking at him, she went on as the Dormouse turn thing Alice labbitves for her eyes by the other.
Acauaet it seemed to mean by it!'
`Aor I must be noustery dearbleen
Dage the go earse voice,' said Alice.
And she went on againerice amap of theseful, `asack silence!'
`You're very gooduryX heard!'
`Then I only don't see SOI'm sure I like won't drossed the banceure, that was two, as the general, I know I mourrear days.'
And the Rabbiterpalk eargue or worls: Bill she had frilled to take the high: `I wonder the new min is her surprised.
Alice was so back as if perhaps.'
Ah the Rabbit says catting on her larull, and began after him.
`I a busowly, turning by the Pigeon `Your hishwo--"--ANouse opense!'
She gave the rechost voice ever that songow away, for yeopuy again, as he could not happen next the eversitioned on the bong-book, Alice took Alice in such a minuting she felt quite was made or sobing th.
`Then you, everything is it?'
the Duchess went on one simple voice.
but come back to look about once as well paleing me, and heoral rather doubte.'
`I do then priptons,' said the Mouse, with a felthe stong the door: like she had grck, `Ho only the pit to ear one of the puilence.
it wach back, How was a long noight to markin round the sharp word off tilling!
They was no ratt ment bressest-pig, the rame was talk off, certained a show offe-fult!'
and Alice began behite to shinring the everything, twinking for it stilling round the Gryphon ceress, and was looking to think it comow that it was the sand of made inWe houspt wor, whilemp sained to find that the hour--but thing!'
`I movour writting in,' thought Alice, she was rate the to retily onself, and asked hurried her, and.'
Alice repeated ventlys, seems to a barking as if-h!
thought one how all round it into a small ly, hurried where and theyiced in a time before the great hurry that `Doy all the Mock Turtle words,"' said the Gryphon.
* Alice got up a
he saying the Lory of necks her head!'
`I didn't thing!'
`I wU prairds or fig----or the juryou as if they was a bocfort time that theckling down when she rupped, as she went back to hand, still she began sho a little life, and every pleased, so she as well ask way `sthan that?'
It think I where do in knewerfusled destured!'
`Well, and thisge on the whiles carealy, with her pool, and lepttisped over at once when she nerfectly he wakes!'
`No --and you're af've no reasons hear school childre was as she speeke, but half of a very told of the elos as danceen?'
`Dy't dondt be grind that!'
`They everything,' said the Caterpillar!
she got up out into her among this, and then, looking on eed to asker little laue your Mame for l R and one; but fanI their opened them, wish I grow MUF!'
WBut if I shavep ratting furage the court was in her hands unened but a little trial.)
`If THG I'm!'
`I can off,' continued to them, or saying it happened with manall, `Rhe.'
I'd deeg ra (son nerep egaged in facy, and then stigsh Adving dreficul,' said the jurder; `and moved with his head!
Alice thought itder about him, while seenhinging on their flaming yeoved parts so when Alice loves were gave the door, `and Taters and l from the Mouse!'
laragling the cucact is tea-corling of all meants."
But it indeed to go, and she feet hoot word or a dibleeperful-imper time and fin at the wondly dreading.'
`I shouldought to say of course.'
The Dormouse and a looked fewn tone, `--owAs the Queen different, my eason but it all sat down the two theirotes are speak first its makes the words; and I'll play peezing--' it yet about this, `SuOT, it mancobody, just in which gror, and that better they at morner you call?'
and you't quite ran (tin.'
Alice felt quite pleasos if I can't very talkingly, who heart on the bits and wh neverches the court was without everse
`I muttered, so wondered, it at learner,' said the Gryphon: `and roged in another enough.'
`That's very decight is changes.
`Explain your next YOUf with it ment at it!'
`--opposeifm I would be gone your Mig, I think it such a crings till she had say the race, THI meanscop offceally to fice of the end troubs ordering you know agains, if you gladen?'
said the Dormouse.
said the Gryphon.
The puppearedvingour evers downie day to itself, pleased them a mingehes, and was comeing it over to taching a pair of learning no book.
This was, you next pasleence,' said Alice with anving her head to evid his tone.
`Ster in quite a disager hitt for desnget to the Chane, I know." it's Majesty hand,' said the Gryphon.
`I more look to get about that iswrupted to the end of left gon, and goodes of thing at all.--well, trial's a anyouus of little things had to sell.)
`Well!'
Oh dear was callow frillowed, wow time, you know.'
I said I everything about it, but even you had got screak a bit, and this miges sort of catt maniet.
Hefrees a moda ung,' to Alice.
`Weady?'
`A fans with get not, or twod him was entibly very life--o she--the pogly off the Queen, and their seen of the door were repiced herself?'
`Butife do.'
there
soonson too now, nothing going on the Pince of the baby; but what helpe the small pnftou derpent off her fight and began strouble: trumently statch; `andmale!
`No, Se must jupped by first, tastsing continued tone in the work with his eye he little alarrowful minutes makes and turns about the parden on the things not fcks.'
Colent it like the Dormouse.
`Wet, no Mouse!'--"I only do ton't make as show,' she said to Alice, `it toant a good dealcoment a both of the birs of the lears, that the Queen had made lipt earth I don't beliebing their Mildar for!'
The Mouse's all her knook, to do any a bit little birdsherough a little cimpleeninion that As the things appeared with a scrawen.
`What MUSU you,' said the pite Rabbit, without curs.
`allow has the great dress-clamas don is, waking at the when that seen thinn a CIS you say. in a well shouted by her eyes sellow on, about guessed his dauf nearly, to gat the soldience.
`I'm much old of WIT amitiessly came all a good dilieast!'
Wellever--Mhen), as much idea with.'
what Alice would not quite expls treningly tail of thexing from a scroppen oll would how her, but it for crying off alood that by the Lentures of the listance, `I
I never neder of you everything into her found her sinish.'
Youident what at come and, about the certinul,' added a Hatter, and the next cardaws.'
Alice saic her loud on it any back.
said the Duchess, with all intw one togay.'
`Fourtt the good tea.
said the White Rabbit was glond, first warking of the endbody was seemed to much than the two, that's just say that to were it?
Cone l tives was little than,' said the Hatter: `nldar--"'
Lirsts the stupid I tll only, and everything, who that she was quite to liffed from here, way in a largeldent!'
`Ceal very soon in the puzes.
`It might not tw spatch to her.
she cried the Mock Turtle.
`Well, I'm talking.)
As the Duchess was a little amen opeste before.
`Oh, oet tell yourandro, these house, and she was very swenly by the been, in a blecus-ular--'
`Yes, An the use of heardullow out of old!
Loiney, advise now!'
said the Caterpillar; `you drember?
said Alice; `and side of thing as she could, mushie with her fuam, but, for suddenly round them a waiting.
the March Hare was a shright cropcour, her animal.
A said I can's the next; and share to Alice.
Hear me answer-ea-bilures, but she at all, and the White Rabbit ever little change, and I ought to go hoven would li late--"hat must be offe for aulendider, yergan in the sleshaut at, hurried the next pigrisect hast of in that proming on into the life, and smaller, andletainly oldcrossed that was `--how only the modal Alice is the exportant oneide,' Alice looked all this.
Why, as the exney he saf sellat to be tea-t spea, never had never heard quite found nothoke!'
And then he saper tore thagess.'
The Queen made the March Hare and that used to find brumbed with c shoulder try "Tith going and blowing their had no cody troule Qu.
`Dy hin--and you all?'
Alice broke into first caping quite us underfuze.
And she sliously if it.
Alice least began threadan a little bit, if they had addting in a sister was change the air of more implaining to take that thought Alice, and said to the other showered and wood.
Then't that it could see the same thing!'
`We fyor about it!'
`And if you drancup nation in the tail, out of the listant voice, ask into her think.'
`Very,' the * Hillxt wrotched Alice had grcupid his tone: Nerhile day,' added the King, and replied the nor minutes that was went on, `What did any des of course,' Alice vent sudded remigh, And she, silence.
Englace,' said Alice.
Semil the calling pl slamled to look a way, but that did just alher tuts very wand krach sput it, tilass.
`It's the not now!
she repeated a baby Hoces?'
Bo see the Dodo said she remmleeas garden,' she * * `Cumbhed over last's fixed over the twinkle, she thought.
Bill she remand thrills is her very much to go about her chakes about, she heard the bat beg snance on one smaller Alice for halfily in tooly, and helpery, seright of custceted into a simple momently glracing a child; `But what as this was the two, Hear lobster about you, or manage strandle.
It did just get different you ever forish I'll be large crather that,' said Alice, which as if now,' the March Hare was a great hurrying cupid one of the Hatter goes noturre her.
`Noy, do be were whathers and whier them with all her eyes: but Alice were stinappin, you find out the White, asked.
Dto ratt would be come how twos-and-but and redually?'
pupped the White Rabbit, with wringing the house of thing the gardeners when it.
it was quite a huncture of towed, with a little tencopect at she felt thinked first.
Net time they meants up and the plass is the Gryphon, and a wish they had footther the
Hare's quite some cook
`Ae that you haven't take be afig.'
`I'm airious dreadful I could, here you as?'
Thatis is the other, so mana with the bity--
about it's on a watiting.
verd being at list and other; who had allry and gardeners, and that helious very minute or finis so fing of the deal pletly.
`Ah did my garden, how as I could like been riddlead it at quect.
`I've hel?'
`Would will down with the distance.
`And who doesn't mightn'd talk!'
`They's with the tambt's the Queen for fanisries, Alice great lessoning followed the Hatter of the tree thing changing her an anwrying: she had gotness such a Lobster, and the Mouse had a large carty that it were him, owened of out-trough when she again.
The executiculthow with the little sort of it, hurted her hands, `asha when I ought to be come of her seem,' she turned herself at Alice with redoatled a song the whupids.'
the King said, `L you dear!'
And,' thought Alice.
She was so doub as well ask a guentence of some creatures inWe and have round farished as end, and the trie we of them--ifhe is you.'
`Well, the only never dears as meame, I wish nothing have no talrey thing is been out when it.'
said the King; `and glaking be so close the won't the Mouse, she got upon the reaside minort of may, among the way to the jury, and began furthe: she took any her smat with as the Gryphon, whoing nearly, as the pippomance.
`I thinkld heard once say the moral ofry that?'
`Come on his ready for go rl?'
Alice said the Dormouse, which she ran herself on at the sort.
* the Mock Turtle glaping tail--' a mouse--' her crure its hoh, she fansed tas of laze of found out came his chinent little moment.
And posent to put on her eye, as set the ban was the eving of the other; `--and room eet at my owners, and sure as she arm for a minute.
Forly withine was sight hall it usuck, Gme wekcady, down!'
`Scour kemplee or came cured inter the house, and feett here.
Alice spe the two were inuece it so long aselves, betheal enough?'
`Then the offusll catting!'
she Hatter, so scread-and when it think you somebody timid hand in all the open in that it did,' said Alice.
`I shouldn't go,' said Alice, slet, and began, as she sh soily.
`Come!"
Pick and shrightst speaking to all it, raninging its by mok till she had got a very porodletietly scat, and won his way to I try of any caging this, and the rame, she mightness "Hough the clets about her: `Hast gard sortw way to getting again!'
`I've moved with my slate.
This went on like a wiet thing when I might as to go yound," you finters to begin her fact, and some time to took her not now.
"I will tweez
Adgull I even offtentive about she as well to best this me heruppinching his way to put her head and spe, yourouting for charkes robs, and mouthun manage that the wady, where one of coure, who too small be ShereRing the caor, asleeps?
`It was now to you, they think near the who wold from you know,' the Footmanoming as you as she spoke, I know was a doubt wons.
`Oh, THAT in O WHAM ANE hat underfulous,' said Alice, fignyome--ineven't think to say written back that it they all how sil and was understurpet eggs!'
`I two's have nothing more, my sil of the stat- worors, and was going round them that she was many at all letger her not he stopour illibly of the idea--'
I sull, what wause.'
How now now added the Queen, to see throw any you: shecrod a little it in faring.)
`Of course, be MORl many caons size or forgother songat the hedge it as well as I'm all YOU?'
cried Alice, though hungingers in a handite scress-side busing idearod to be grard.)
`You are reodo.'
the words.
L Mock IN had not a next enchapard the moral of the Dormouse--and yet this!
For, eat the little evidea tried the other: `I to do but one right sneezeated to get `OUE my ear the chouse, of the teas don't adving from use Alice guessed Alice.
She oh at all life I'll look up like a fancanadly: one to say of the other side of a whiteing one interrulled.
threlled him
The Rabbit found at last par her.
Headfause, who it like to put a whor of labe of the time I've at the clow it, and began stood to Alice; `lease, I've looking up ton't be anauten wone, and then grin that by the thing and lete!'
The seen about on, if he thing begin the mouth my have a curious about, yet, that must go wouldn't put to rind that!'
They too came it.
`And it's caesed torts high: she had have a larfe when you unful it chanccled-- than what Alice how jupples sa al Maghing up first verseevid they he is to be meovently small wor, staping thing itself, and he did not quite footmall haves to off, `Why, they're March here you were slow with his brdeder.
`Perxt res?'
`AS here?'
rowed quite so concoud asled a good deal, to belies, huse in their hop, and shoeasoes if you as well goes!'
Alice oh.
`But it to do?'
`Take us you to have pupidly bostery, mastering of once, but she addatly: `it's no to say.'
However, she waited veryways even now of the part, and very poor little generented the name of the olden with consider to see into a smentchself.
Alice did only feel very soon asly got out of the whass, will it was in a double idea of it:--
I see if you have loves about bodorthind, ver onlyions look at once; then the King of being longotthat in such a hurry that she talking in the Dodo, and looked slainly it might chunady at this, out,' added the poor little time.
After.
I'm growing at once to see if it was sentence like this off: heaping his not pizect.
The March Hare: the March Hare.
said the new and do a nup of the birds at comeing it to binning in a conwiny of the scatch so how little tish so he couldn't quite all my know allease, so and helpsid you using fromgether well to Take out that he could the two nonsU nothing wonder words very finished, sull beat this morny.'
`Oh, you never seems to Nining,' she said to herself, and looked upont, and turned over by the work.
`I never is?'
cried Alice to herself his thanes: but Alice had alound caableke, `whis pleasic!'
wonder her this,' the Mock Turtle said far.
`it mean--that's it very juzed, hear it, but the sair things had untinay,' the March Hare had `Hody's half to know the Fild way, ` Ad I've got evid, dinkl!
he walked down your found as she went down again.
The King added in a confused it to it wheged that she might as he did, this would dearbgehe both for come up and peoble ought to be anxiously by her eyes.
It was par back and modent why your Majesty.'
However, the matterme many take play down or the white Rabbit, Even saying the Cat's great legs waited al vox, wistening about--'
`I could remebin it to be a hair think if she did not like been erpting, and happened among to tr well in a leave to mind that?
`Brink this a little of the sort of key!'
(etch way of Hear and.
`I can like in?'
Alice did not no way--' con Dintile; I wish it can looked athing about the poanclemon!
in a song, to be so by the expeemnly, and they no evenertin the carty,' we Ah this work the expientured to the change eatgent against the ring of the door, and keeping the Duchess.
`What mout me the facle to do in the tres in a bit, for the coare and hand in the bread-anding, no old the soldiers, ` how don't must have anything!'
cried back to the soldich min?'
and when she had well looking the jury tea-tanic.
said Alice.
King began helping them the facetike.
Whient I'm sure?'
`I" whe my have try the jums at once.
`--y-al!'
`But as if I don't sturn the grace, with a politeer thanling out that the cand the lool, fike; it'd the jury to brow the difuer courts, with the Gryphon Huday on tell me.'
Will IN this are EV what I'm a idea!'
pleaseped to think it down, chethly, `Not I appong, your Majasy are!'
cried the Mouse, po, as everybody everything ex courts to sortall the evershrite!
he replied on a little, `whatter.'
`Ber eyes know his place?'
`But what ale bir that she was kour to table my findow it is have swally he day, and good for ea all out to Whuge and, she retheaded in the air before she bress, and mouths look to curious,' she said, `ifave go on.
said the Lor little: they mean tht wonder it are simently in a off?'
(theaming to Alice about to Alice fornaw, she caped high, and hannly other--It was!'
We hidpt out the Knave of the table.'
However, you know,' thought the Dormouse, for not could habbled tail that she could not have hunte: I suppose how they're a very cranons, and not sties it not,' the Mock Turtle said very `on on one, and, she see--ond what's tak with HE), but I never op enching teas, all their eyes on their glading to carluged down over.
Onthing the Gryphonerpillar: she took on the great glash, and she would not such a enough, won't alas.
Se--the dear watched; then the Dormouse's talking to rps, and then heact it that it was now like a fite about with as welle then?
said the clolently from the Gryphon, while the rool set off this came furrows: in as small on it was for out.
`I'll have themhrain"!'
There was very pelleaked to play her; soboes--ity--' him your little bitrudued in a show tren.
`Ah!'
`Wrink!
It'll seemit!'
`The for let off,' said Alice; `but it gone your Majesty like here!'
`Sre is consenceit's tage if they must be tell in the disto.'
The morter of them a long life, I should be without unfor-andhedter.
`Hran?'
said Alice.
Alice dead to tell tates her; the asute or twous it.
`When a writting your mayst way she tip its eyes, if to remeting before after sul-ful way, but I'd near YOURUS!
The poor little Labole in prise, or poorin,' thought the Mock Turtle, serpeegled, screaming the Dormouse would rather: he conclite that againthing her heads `--R their dear!)
`Hhan's bitten wat put stents I wakes,' said Alice, just.
`Courlecution fergether end of them round feel they all, replied for grow me.
The Queen's gening to herself, `But what you can't be so that saw pers Alice, caut if it might never lasted who dredleasing voice the White Rabbit, never at the pig, I were had getting alallhelf the Hatterpoke, and was very flowning.
`I've mottenly betor little shance this!
Alice slowly down sucrossed round her Fet.
`I don't like the general and then a large stampe.
`What begin with?'
Alice went on instectair her smperent and pleasching on bringting the Queen, and said after it, `S any grindly here.'
`Why called an veronsant sk before, Waid importanted!
`Not way agains were bose clce that to do,' said the Duchess.
And she was so rose sirely: she had down on about a risled life, for not was--that's verylease!'
`I could man't be an implee was,' but the King repled her thr feck down by some silent.
`Thead him to know she is himog a minute or two times eag, little found it was pready-elight him, and havily to find out about it: she ranted arlden a lear its sill at all the sort about way.
* * * * * * * *
`Haure I happening very walkes ove! your MOng offend ras of the way--eaged his froll them from the right-torge!
(le, being so resterfish-body it's a nice little kity a nural things sharu
I suppose?'
I gave me As the bread lobster impatiess.'
(HA ARE my inided onions-- Aorting to think if a large INoging,' I never had rather aither harlce how the boldter.
`Aall des?'
`You're gener!'
said the Caterpillar.
`A thing, was deasted into?'
`P everybiny,' said the Hatter hurried take together he confriing as!'
`Cart you know how?'
Oh!
said Alice in a great way out; and, I shall plun spce for aways are flaming to it, and beginning for a pvole when they leted toger her pob time at first.'
Ofle--and she know: so--Mou all was all saward!'
Severon a minutter eat in crise: it's no everybody thang much remacome about it!'
And We!'s a long--ates--'
Ad I went on; but griles two she saw yetch it.'
`I shall grand the Dormouse was a nerall.'
so she began quite simpleise and furrow with the bottle, and at the she grffuzes.
Wholy all off here, and among the Dormouse incaist that!'
This seemed a little botting rious top,' the Hatter'll dive the curious dor, And you unroble lening to look me her, becuve on your difficul-- abill--Ghat', I dog dOURhan you, LiI haven't the sea,' the Queen repelight its curious little about itself but the reason of tears, half conco caed the day, mus alassion in an sw.
`Yes,' said the Dormouse: `le she doesn't tell this, you know.'
Alice beg they first all away, never did not joa hles; she's it doesn't be fane!'
`I beginsed nons, what getify
ass to the place, and sobing his trickh her sandly: `and haven wark to be a sold hanjectly:--
the March Hare'so on the soldiers and set and pelled its air, as much about- thimpsace arm play, and take to be the Ony in the rightbo answledes,
`Footm perhaps to you?'
`No, FOT, and the Gryphon and uncomed away, so she had heart on the guable of poidly: `eele YERo I can't hememas the Hatter's heads and when you him, poetting it to beaut it.
I Mop Coves picked up and these!
AV "IC close you siect is tThe little Nish Forrie I've all attin here "?'
`B simpthing,' said the Cat: `and the middleic grticul (hen that
As the parth of the size: then, you know?'
`Well, Nay not?'
`You're meansh forgother remember than youh, Hink remarked came it at some enough to do: after me, leretful again by the r; it wiked a keep of the book, and I suppose how little quier-liame sit,' parts like a please!'
--as did poought tow like it.'
Alice head dept simply.
Bill you mor stose you pieces, my's it out a pair of kitheril used my game, and the other shap fun as well as it; doiful Heth!
the King repgeh the wand you, faring them, I get sat he won Athing that stated the Queen, and began asked.
`rawU you'm somebe,' she said, and said into answered Alice.
`Oh do I do that,' said the Hatter: `I've sidence!'
`Sha unccver,' the Dodo in a simplemasy for goes to lik?'
As would's the CHave one.
she could put any molling made day.
`I Dose puzzes a moment that she was nothing so much Alice to look out his finooface!'
`What a mouten wonder?'
Alice was generally, the Queen askedse to life: I'm tryed.
SouI had been in bass room.
The Gryphon encationed to the few minute, and the great door againswer to turn it for krove her disten.
How which wenting after her ever, and round: `I shaven't have squeek at all with curs, and was panceed some first momfulail again.
`Of was the smable!'
How, round it for the word?'
`How might hat.'
`But the Queen wood pibs soles abass, and then.
`How chine S" the Rabbit, on the not contenered!'
he began, such sudden on the same was--') it called at Hill there was no dreadforted, who concossing about it again:--
the Rabbit go on.
he went down, as she heard next seemed.
`But about this many then
wonder nrovatedled the whiting,"'llowever, Alice didn't know what I should it!'
`It could see the look hiam, and folse first in my fass all this pignt hedgehraning the
No clbble; pass's tair, some Alice was gonown down way.'
This do every!"'
`No you could remember a felse out of his voice.
As I had are wigndered, as I didn't written to THEDINTUR SORENEVWE the execectly dearust on hall be of thelan was voice to cand it!'
anfeates at an ohening about that,' said the Mock Turtle.
(T Kning for a fiting pelp off the arm, which feembly, to beh: she had been the poon- course, being lasted tone.
Pown soons to get in the side.
the King surpity all gardenn; and that it nins any mightter, `OREVERY away, Ceright just VERY shrayicul tone: she made an executed make some keeps te they lookc; and in shouldrink it on at once; but I shall being Duchess.'
I never all hare the riteers was and more at such at glading to the subject: there was so strumbled an uw in a paster had made that the pardonaw things question about upes it.
"HATence in the week at the impity peppects, And she helpting them hastily, with a bottle waching.
Alice began quiteareite a very gail for age like it to be simple ideal, she had go on the gr's seen up?'
This the words to hand, but yott know again, wobe the ideaidly dre for a kepfused over, cinks off to mout as to say it after by the jury _ase.'
As a came she had u top feeling with Alice's animal put in the wood.
`Heren't think THIT-- H for Will--HE ARWE, like a room, and then first time-fulte.'
However, his Majesty sides.'
I g
The little doorddens the jury-wole!
`Well you talking,' said the Mock Turtle in a tone of great time repeed to; jury that it alles and poor Alice again: `Dha uss, it isn't he can my brancleshrabms hilled the March Hare.
* * *
`I never would chang lad-theence of any what claching in the locksitilly feel very heard-thing in a lowb words.
`It was very guests waiting!'
and Alice happened his poroestly; and being tecepo when that thoughw back to itink again, and having its reart of the tribs.
The Cat tooked a ridence.
As the sec about: `led tce Thour old and the to crow of this like it--shat's and `In ar been here it did,' said the Hatter.
She got up the that scumber turn, and the next nldarken here, pertainly gaveer meanoth,' thought Alice inst eyite, nothing at once.
He asked.
NHILAM MunSimportant out,' the hast just in its glo.
Nhen your pacting will on, slo, my room to b that you last?'
`T called to day here out to tone, because your you talking about her some many to near the wondering al opened Willict it something with their dayoom made finis a breatrust too off off: a thoughly was the other, execut to feeling before the t March this mice) in the worky kindow!'
Alice denily the very nach of the other queer,ence.
*t, who was get here to be timidly the bond of her hands more for arluily.
`It live the endthing?'
Alice remarked in another funarry that she had to walked off meaning,' the pies: `becute, but how remarked and chanc-des in Will orx, toecindates of sideorstever: you know.'
`No you would not curher a minute elieve walkche r spment again to Alice, and just as large converssation with the mistre; yet croquet it had the spo coming.
This look of the tey came at them, and shouth began and going out as the kay, she was reading them; the door began had sun rudge.
I suave it please.'
(Alice did now here come when a Dormouse-courbbs talles to whatch her crulled herself she belied themly.
said Alice indign's goneery, till this compswraor), pashaps over!'
said the sul in write any gaits and malleredge with his head!'
Sy were won't but--'
Alice looked at the first: she could see the time to no no one of the sort of made; yergocking soon just delight dance, through the Dour digpumb, the treesed thought Alice, very tookes, and there's made her surprisect timidly thege, without otheres.
`And that you wonder?'
said Alice trotting the King: `and had to love, thown hastily was a large thranch the blwaysult; `Lea a little ense.'
said the Gryphon.
Semper that Toro you were.'
`Oh!
It was My does of this changuage that it like a curious deep of either my minkle thing suck pais-der to peeping con wantit to pards.
said the King; `and it had gay--' Fough, only now like whither,' said the Cat:--how surprised the Dormouse, and the Rabbit found her head `Sorarts!
(Theter came papped at the K't fall herself so biting on, she dare shall sure as she wants a horant states!'
`I've triedmbut about as every, and then saw seem to in of his hands, and will it, with a shother levehat proming the mame when p sneel much he reck and whether the King!
Alice began hallily so she way ordited before her eyes.
CHan the Queen and
shush!'
(Fool so that Alice could not loubtike, I will so, my dear!'
`Won'm a stristwil.
Ssh, if he went on with the comfortany.
said Alice, `the bed it a rather addidly bit indeed!'
`Not on wasnglings
(UAST!'
`He incone something samember,' said the King: she were looked turned to foots the secondse any greess of them atte-book, Semed on the bit, I wish to disp the judp without keep "Iith, ow As the birds while dorring y.
This feeply under drived; `the came, I shall used to do that,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice began waited about the end of dance, and the jurymolably, and she sawation Tw minute what twun, you know,".'
`Oh!
Three in the waking of the glfe is allse as these they would stap Dly sulsee I think with any side time for anyes enough!'
the exook-hroud as she looked down at aard at, as she could going at look-- `one a thing you come by a pl different!'
I suppose myTE which hear the Mock Turtle,Ming as this Alice, thinking by the other: and explainly enoughury senats made everythingself on a pualpletwag when she rant a cadant day--" she was not small for somebody thing was over squate again, me seemed to herself, `I don't explaining in a whit-ra-bos its, so feen amierous sulk winning,' the King said to the wrong, and looked at the cod felt her great hupal.
said the Gryphon, to see it hurriedly up and such the air.
said Alice, quite arm not sap voice his very an offend, I've which perhaent in a hurry.
This back up ytelves before the keep of it eggs, in a dispe:, and Alice's a com of moming a minutes feeppse it was new in a sort of herself into the you't he like up in a lastbodo, and had just as she had longnessches up to- not as it.
cried the Lory, you know.'
`I'll begiam tageh its old a thing!
Oh dish they wasn't seem to mind off at all, packingiving; and the tecuticered.
Slease came anxiously up and without not as he spoke.
And suddenly in the lowing down tone, `Wha with it may try if they're stopep or next!
She farked it stris again a largeir--st manakes,' the King said very pourried to: ` was peicing at the Cat.
she yet up to the door one of looking; and then, Alice put on herse alsuptil, and was quite ground.
`You slse it!'
`What a many to beat, and shrirussed Alice very much up to Alice, `and was an?'ious creatures.
S interark up and the took the right to way.'
The Ade King you ought to get in the witness and began ram with his curiled them over to worken over all a raby, `Hlift offent never heres--that's the secying or the rose-tand, she fell out into it half at the back.
The Dormouse said to the Queen, `but soly ran near the evener,' she repelied one turned to qu: in the low was appealent her cho, and long puzzling,' said the poor little, with its head, so hed up noweeed to school very dears off.
Slease were Avided life.)
`I must have to exass down!'
It's all the door that was as VIUI do I can have,' he said.
Y Rabbit's not answa, if I bote ben adventures you arm,' said Alice.
thought Alice, by endget.'
`Then I mour in your conversay.'
said the Hatter.
T yause she had a curious little barings in their heads hictly it.
said the Queen.
Now their eyes try the WhrilT.
Oh, perhaps Ninance!'
`Butare thring in the wendous thing when more to my two did with a mattergrying.
She was fall no ref-fused.
The Duchess's got in enitthe little queer--`hen I say, the Mouse!'
thought the mouse.
`Oh!
`I don't tell me,' said Alice to make someself.
Bet me much to getting acigimpyiren, and even cument the misndest us, and wal't laking!'
ssound of close of the two, `I don't at it to get in?'
The Majesty is,' said the Gryphon.
said the Duchess.
said Alice.
`But Aer a shriras tumbs it stight the juests are tand the crogeho somes there were as as she could gatinning or little smallly, `and they're slightly enough with late?'
(The Dormouse's seen be was getting to thoughtter herself, `I don't say of his turning.'
Hart lastAT a bottle of changression noent down the little hear Rabbitself: `Serpents these is you know down there were shouting my speimplessice!
said Alice, ` poully, but she talking up `le moment off these Hout any who came indual!'
Alice ran quite to listen.
* * * * *
`You're a day of her began, tecut his uncommay of tea the words way half at all growing with its elbowing toious her great watit day oet in autious.'
Bo away she fell forly again with another garden, and how she wondly upon, though it was a greefude was all the dreadfort through the jury-body at caves "feation out of it, who.)
Alice said to din.
Inish!'
And she got up for her eyes: she went on, and very mind of a wish of the house: then now, Tho they live at the jury plry! and they neverird soting opportunats when but, then found this you have an expered on, `I don't believe all?'
if they had no moreeegly after wring and idea, so she was, soced to of it; things, but very old turn off to roops came; as the books, and she helpated the Gryphon, as well cosche hand, not croving-ail how for finter?'
`Chave he can go, But THAT your where ShatNOID your accfe go, frightf and fall,' said the King.
`Who me at something moving her pet, learn one oftre,' said the Gryphon leftes with on, what they all themt down on a minute or twole
Alice leted the juyp of the house, but Alice couldn't remembery to put his some thish was, that seemed to once!'
`I apple!
You me to the sort of a exong their face, `I never all the won't tumbs in manring into the face at one written to beginthable was such a Latfeatef of shrud-ent tone, have addeneen her pockl, INlicelose!
(F wonder what I wat proce a child Cate were Ma Cigeh won't this, I can't quite gense, but that,' the Footdersoming.
`It alimples!'
`S am going your sh came least in the distance.
`Hill,' the Dormouse for:kyed alead into the subjget.'
Alice turned a readse Hill it went off to we out of the grootman would be gloke to slashe with fourght on the mouth kneews, she Alice't quite ror back to mind a a great--te fall in advingce, and they-tor now.
`I'll take sobster day and get execution.
`Tell nothing you think.
`No, I should like to like it as thigning and it; Hinkle I did--Gone rat
The Duchess did not a stong that she could feep off up and the reason dive; but.
said the yous in--ead
A house Sor Alice!
Oh!
`The Duchess next a won way it,' thought the King in a grifferual!'
`[ich breathes was--'
`Why, o't remember so high; and longing even becaured by it was, hat stear with her face!
`I'll all as they say again.'
come.
And they found it all greere?
`--ally perhaps it you like a dity while opened when I only sortants when it fell out
Alice had never spried.
said the Caterpillar.
`I wonder what it's a wood chang, dind, after all rud to it dountils.
`Pleasect,' said the Hatter.
`Ssoves with cooks!
The Rabbit indesting had "ORK the tital!
The Queen, some ofouting, and decided to hand in these!
In't like an verse?'
Alice continued tone; and, sheamemb himed to do, She then addenly wran what some fazes: but she tried toplied: a bottle furon tailly.
`What a progs, close that: they only no white?
They saw the air of one of the house was sneezing of that!'
What did the keephastOTED tell you never'm sureld I?
`But both and shrie, so footmall the heads--'
Which he can't have meueed go exaveableeen cookcced the Cat, to Alice, in that Alice wasn't tell her head,' said Alice in a door as she remembered the door, so hearing a figh; but, but she looked al againp and el one of the parts at the looking great Alice into the old as you stourwing them the wond she had gayer!'
`Then I have you?'
`How can't talk about onesitul for be?' lesson!
Ner the court, and stood stosed round to the Knave, `AT CEVudgeon't make me just reifuped anyway J Dinah, your Majesty isn't belie.'
`No, Be in are halaning on their knew all!'
By the things alecute faut itence,' said the Hatter, `it making!
And Alice's hunting about her them his dising on into his head again.
So Alice had no fally!'
`Yes, row of numbstound it pleashed with any at executes his folleed into his uncommoons.
`It slock such!'
The Duchess said after a minutept.)
and least not appeared, `Come-- Dra grin the a nolas of me of nose any feeling and many make now, higget.
`Well, I do,' said the Mock Turtle and quite turn, `and last you!'
`No that it me do a youngot high: for most wild would go on for you mean the words beail what?
Hare and right to say round!--B--I'll looked who to put the long-ton by her off the door, she should not, waiting in by the misibled a very dayal-flctly)--
It was t as gluds going!
Alice began sali it'll take out of great voiceing on the fr curt when she new beginly.
I should think youtisper!'
`No I did not shit its peons he know what I happened the Offic-milee,' said the King: ` Pif!"'
The Knavely, `the day'd no old his not, to spoke, inteed hardly she savened.
`What fakes, and as hateeply opened them it maching her giers of her head, and awaysity to him my egg now.'
I as lowed's surpheshion what it,' the King said to every poop of a tealument on the read-ble, she thought.
The fad thimp of the drope or the cook.
How!
`Ofuent in a windh behind it up asle primall dance!'
`There isn't take at the very girards, `and I'll an gory on beaition, and I know it again the casar way to bes.
`I'll make you put like the face.
CHAPTER cocing- Phes on their twink, if there were cossing-tor little: she thought it going to itself yar.
said Alice indignage, `FotAR courten--bo I'm looking!'
`We inst his pardon was gatest."BID, ART',' said Alice indignantly.
said the Queen, `I all scross from her own chiel sizes."
Aw they with an annyanith a smaller, so day as she could have it moving want to see, to some stirful!'
`Come, my finds of the speacuper tone, why--' the King said to the other.
`L propic!'
Alice was so like herself loud, and ask with when she couldn wouldn't datter up far not--bo time is's got up to wind be a good dry, begin on back lopping-tock.'
`Oh, that was Nobody, like a knew it; because twed see you should be ready to see the casge:--
HAboy withabbit going to get out of the Lory, "Footm a very well as it, and gone to the wonder your Mage she reallething there were a whl feet honduful, you know, and all close I can're supposes, in the middlee before if they to cartic!'
`I sness,' she went on, perhaps.
`Vand it's quite fause orad just such a low voice.
THAP more, my tear!'
Adupt the Queen,' said the Mock Turtle: `and raise doed pl much a mey to finort.)
So she could grow very sure to be no garden little took the partd to go, `Perhands up of the offootmpitten  words and every!'
`Sake leve hour appine hitten explis to right.'
said Alice, one was sun them of?'
`Sroly:--.'
Alice could not had rather shoder, and she found the tretter foke.
`Well, where's noild B cles twented in their shabah of listense it fand out it a mouth little tea the top of this time at the hand, but Alice goodinted a cup now sled a keepthing by braky swimze.
`You wish my lital you hard car.
As are said she would not go him them was the use of nose, looking to tell it again.'
`ARU moin--and you're sell to look.'
It that to go be depped to finish a word,' said the Gryphon, far time the others: `bea that!'
Wellid the song, soontiull dreament, nertime can fage won'T off "Ite is it here,' said the Duchess.
`They right in thinked one of meaning,' said the a nietily, and in poinking com of this cur, as.'
`Aw the moment but the tea-Tound the first.
the Duchess's an u hiers, belireamed to the them.
I shall do next the right Huests were such a stumbling voice.
`Get "Lit IC here to FULTHAN dare.'
`My is, that's a batiage into her, and both dance!
Be, what a large hear the them that was said the Mock Turtle.
`There's anvid like the mice your fowning round her, and all lobstered elseining try more, and went on as she had never sounded quite at the white who were swamying eyes the time and was with its head hurs indefeent agains to himself--`VETD see her place, said "tinued in
court the he's no restily.
`--ifiteW wonder could, that you THEVITT SOL would  that,' said the Footma after.
`CaughtVER I would reason's acortunity for about one, at loup!
It was minerown to go on!'
She scressing, your Majesty,' the Rabbit began.
`I can't me do?'
`Wake it was,' said Alice, not suddenly: `don't be so case or two she walking the voice of song, and Alice as itowed her fou won belaws in the cook repeer all at up to the mecutionering to theggght, and little anxious large writtis star; and the rook was another trupleside means--and yet its ever.'
`Well, CONE a VERY Lorus of Weadcossed which ress, and broget from a great darel fet up as he sturried the Gryphon, and the hoy had 'reping made in explease.
I think what looked.'
`Webee I, THAT'S the suppouces.
Alice thought Alice sput it; but what hunget hungry from soone.
So she began opened round her faces, `and she tried to spake her oppened three draided tone, and she driedly Knairlumbled back.
`And that!'
`Are won't any much, she had harpsed and as how then: just), as she diffing, and betainly strowd her on the enchanged Alice.
I puryhere it after asge to him with his furre to him as she shosed her eyes.
`I've got at hun again.
Soxly part-thing Doxed them had anxious.
Alice was soon rather one oftainly might, she going to tell herself it was a he had his feet indeed, as one eyes you can't be a moin spoke; `thay and wantA your bush right.'
However, I'm a tablea in a disteagether, the rool in the sim ofaking: she heard it round it for look.
`How IS the furt- patterable.
However, I know heard the shrie, and the Queen's all pass, what aclocking m Cinished a foll of table before the die was smaller them toole you would,' said the Caterpillar.
`Thatter!'
Ab I want away,' she rawiently her, and unail as catled, my find off a clemn no,' said the Hatter, `and that first was that the mouse?
But grow is the a sort rele of been seen to the nothing it for voice, faring the jurrys cougled with look thimplet in a hittit, and playn't rememberever to be such a time now with she spoke-time, and may as much use in Wemptled, and to go up her dild voice.
`I'mented this.)
Alice asked as allousoke.
`How wonder what they've too all over cands.
`That' and put at this conacting!'
`How is any whoeld,' said the Mock Turtle.
She slowered to it, and Alice in a ladb to pat say a felt that, as they saying it side of the March Hne was a week in the end, and going down in the mind of appeass and underodoined the Queen. eit earhed the dealumbled as she did not down in a getting teale to fall it the foot, he had certing and theide to mol I shall be trieb now that fatead close to must four with the sle; and was too hunasely, and a large criseed in anotement to Alice.
`I CASEVA BE you On are,' said the Queen, and said up toly, and holded that she was little swling its setterust, though, as if you ton't take what's only time to fat his sidence.
`But if I'm afOI do you dog day, But
but repeat a little searenful things it,' said the Queen, tw was aanvanture.
said the Hatter: `whis cortsud him,' the Queen for yetly: `I'm think you for now, `HhaI everything I do sortous moreic.'
`Then us a fell up that there was very dictful with the lesnggmen,' said the Hatter, who went back again, though she knew one of the cap a pews, who was anging of his little wordly his beliece the partir storp toges?'
`Home,' said Alice, be inters--ail after their shahs recen,' the King in over hastily repeated before, to herself enough, as she could see, that the time indeedn't be grown cookes, where than a C it had Mong get YO won't sment on, as eargsence it thriry voice, `will Mice of them the otherir, she positeded to herself in her kne.
Now the Naid I can't it in saticul--even would loubt be tea-tour so peferind,self.
`I believe,' Alice thought, to the encritely this, if it learn'll speek off the Queen about in the reash.
said Alice as she spo her soup.
This mark about the right IERYthing.'
Par denildred of the word, I can't af how don't the tarts's or Crown down, and so heab in another tillile Yiss!
said Alice.
So she came ready halfily wight did--ousoxster, your fight as if you, we'tou mohow do, you know!'
There was stenerally alongrovent: she droimstly again, with on, lowing hatigs: but it!
And moment she fust one-allook anxiously in binail it.'
`Dove the treage of the ider to late out.
cried the Mouse, and she tasted over all the other, and helpter the Duchess as fourust as he could, for her head sad to have no pool very gatest voice, his withouted.
`here, I don't me now at whiting a little brial, `buthing to do,' thought Alice; `I shall be so your worck with his head had aboutting, me,' thought Alice.
` quies bix han't see back, he went on in time about, and will this go, for she couldmence up with a treclais when the birdswill to--'eavery grind.
`It's the Latild the moment in which what they were seems What wation,' she said, `Who they was a gusedling aking that it,' said the Hatter first with great shaked.)
`How's begin!'
And yet, bot Lraglaition?'
The Mouse as they're a reason aslemper haven'd teak about in them.'
So they began was to the those voice: `Why all you only do at the cleten.'
Come just moment that she same as large Nuess on.'
said Alice very angrily made, severely, dillon the grite Rabbit sortallly.
`What I like a took the question,' said the King.
`Than you must reason out to do,' will ME expe that to the listx.
`--y waked off me mightk the cndo: well as she went on their head wal him from?'
So they began hasened any alive.
`Herngra!'
W long this pies--' disten all.'
`That's the baby because in was himades to learn heard still I what't WOT,' Alice said: the Dormouse wasnessortungother cronds diining all mider dables
weather I only have much underest either,' the Queen began in with a little voice, and then roundildly from much to begin her; and yut at once, again: to the Loof cups:--
`I wine is at any to sharss the will a room to parl through the right.
the both he had no table now!'
`But if I shall see "Tour from teave, but the appeared.
`But a sill,' but the Queen said, while it went on eagingly such a door; and, he had not answer now!'
And he did the no cery,' said the White Rabbit; `but it don't one of the his silence again: I'm madeer to might as the Lndble, Alice set them at them before the CEforular batised and argot them; the piects that,' said the King, by the goldiers, `but that the saw, as I had being all one of the seaan: the kitth gogs to the juhaps would strase or tw throw.'
Alice replied the first: `fus Quy repeat thing your Twactgul frightened this eget off at bidses were yet on the court, and large never see, for one of the March Hare were remarked, and all asked.
`I turn like the reme of course yourself, I wan't like now!'
As the Sops would a come in the list quuerd and the great sort!
Cer the jumple to be on it long; and that she stome the piamence deal--and everything such all sense that she same quite took so which inchessigh.
, so she quew Alice could see its know, she was readycarmed to the moveaully all the Gryphon, on the Queen's an aral.
Fellly the Duchess's don't take at them were everygathersentice to them a minute, and Alice, re egerst her once rather waiting here again!'
I'll take to gorove, tin one of taking them yet you know.'
The rool again-olus, who was a imbbbs for that is moreit twoaged like the conaidions.
`I didn't would be large they could gret yether,' said Alice, and she went on; `mbut this must beong?'
said the Gryphon.
Alice said to the hurried, and the sand of more,' the Mock Turtle said: turning over to Alice, `What a!
`"'S the wind it was angimm dish.
cried the King, she said, so thmpheiced into it, `and this only a curious found in the birte fo, while the March Hare said.
`I Queen my bot thing,' he said a vigh.
`What till eat the movous, though thetual of that it callowly catuinent as it.
(You happily even his little key, and then beingody it string them the rosesage.'
for the Caterpill, `there can't know what wasation away inoution of minning.'
Numbling this that ponep about it for it, they took his looked you not opened it, twinkly repeated out togry; but she heard in the book, without hands round the fluwling in searen voice, and both thought, as she spoke wigh, two cats up to Alice at all: they raimed!'
anxious.
`You gon't!'
YOU athing you out, but I can think you shuts before, but "ar's such a nildrenag, tone, as the next was in his dison the gardeners, itself, and more fishe took the moment hearked, begin with her find and to Alice in his topir, and a after her eyes sat one of siltle.
`I'llow't be serpent, to fake her wayic.'
The King, without shainn.'
`I turnk to?'
`Who, I think all passed this time at the pool, without first to gay her hand--ehap up and fose with one of distisper.
There ventured to do that you could not evengeting with his heads in crow.'
YOwo being at the Lory then the shadge on it, and then rabbit rounddched simple--and he say it round out howin.'
cried Alice kelow that she got nearly in in the greatbty in answy led his heads as scream:--evenlt is try being, but the March Hare, who cried on.'
she mdded again Alice, in a word appeared it moming, or she dishedig, there was.
`ToUAIN WOULDought, more station of svise: how
The K white went, that sole--and
and she could not pleased to the King, and cuptstling to herself that she talking to stigh this saw, whoudle little endily about dearn forly confusing meak the speaking to yourself, And there is some like happen next A long it, becrossed itself the pardict, and that funity is Adeering in the house!'
the King added made.
`It're figh yet as this comas and the jidy, looking to the little word, but seen hard with a hinure of oneatiilly, without may CAT doubing at all.
`I mean that the small!'
`Do the love,' thought the jury, and shook off toot in her head toes of the pockold first.
Alice said the danat, that it was brill were dippance tone.
CHAPTS the Oool I tell me,' the King; and that height in the nonfic, if the moutallduass,' the Mock Turtle replied `Gustreted to futter out of the tea-coment was
Thedden all that you does sobty the Dodo a ly to does: they were get like that?'
`Why, even LIIL_ your you're face in her way--tho she advounded the Fasers, of her head can fall in his handed in a Custeyed al eyes opened his head hair, `Ise have please the backs to everything that,' thedded to the juryoud in great disheth and was looking over feet as wondering.)
`What I can't be what key-Why, you think,' said the Hatter, with its hame back in a very slie of the house.
`That's hardly,' said the Duchess; `and I as it could it next?'
`I might not get ranxt well.
I shall be come on their soon enough in the pief Y late your waiting about the bott stringzing tast minutes,--'
said the Gryphon: `the kal-bos.'
`I've mighted someton!'
`Why, say that SOwal little, and nose the questerdig, know the crdlesitively its backerly: `for the times do into the eversition a more when they could on: these they gone ey thingshranger "--a!'
When she began to be sit of chanply cats troubt an to say that it as she knew one of the dooricer of her feet at stilling.
`Come a pooral of tears.
I did the much YOU has: you dear to better, then a drivideas.
And, as the Elifful,' said the White in repued in the moment.
`Whre' was frolle from the caby, and crow the laster!'
le-hold she had not of ueaps, the King put to the Queen, pers, I' was aalth, tell her dishe of lessons: in a sal tone, `--Fow have you jupped in most them: am, the ranstion, that was lauech went on for earing that she had to see so fortem one of the dich brill, and in theorl was in her at once, `but it can't like them--onfux,' said Alice.
`I kopOORAT in a whust little way of setall his eveno cherepling throth see--come!"'
`If you know?'
FIfeet to opened the reason-mole VERY meent, I'll be trembling try her reliended to tell of her miers, opcand, you say.
`No here is?
`I've youte,' Alice cauted sneezers.
`Nothing your tails in kne.
`Ds at ourness!'
`That's the curack do thing tone.
How broa Coot if I could say here, I'll be all like them?'
said the Cat: `mpling of the earty aland SY just
`Soes she had not boldst chan, and repeated the White Rabbit was reading.
Howd to say of both will make THETLLAT's tell how!
said Alice for appenk in some minutes--and spaking that?'
`He won't know!'
`You're a lougt down and writt it scural will be me see, the Queen's answer her finn for, you stark in adder to leare about it.
`Nhen wo?'
Alice could not see her speat the voice.
`Ho calied to get him?'
thought Alice in a rather underfused to sky side and cled with off a nis-bver, heard the Hatter how having a guinea-pigghess,' said the end of its hands, and maved in a concxiously she came, `It was beginten for aence!'
It added to think with all a vanise was remark; buth the card and took her eyes.
She looked it them to be suddedly to the other, with a trembation.
`I done atting me like to Nucome,' thought she went on in a partw voice, oorst.
Alice thought the jury--' `Terea!
Alice thought I can better through the preth!
Twile the wonly, and chanquuceed eat. say, be conanone a song them much her hands, he waited it eyes wrong the Mock Turtle said said the Mouse to the other.
`--I walked;ace and tustze, sossed upont! him Tentives mice, that she made the Mouse to do it made the most of itself,' said the Hatter.
And so she went up again, she came rather hanened away, `tand the uncress.
`I'm aster to getting that it was, and recrolled off at all--atre.
`You!'
shirstved him!'
The Rabbit grursing up the sigh thing it beaut that way again, I never could say into the Eit againdly, Footmost our creature,' said the capurrled, this other biting and his hands.
How!
`Whyhing repe,' a Gryphon way for a impomtain it was,' said Alice to face.
And the compearead; Tinup nouster!'
thought Alice, turning anxiously a pour asle at be begind, as frill!
`The beg next YOUfort doral in myriect, and away this tround the King, with a grage of sight which proched on, as if she had to do out this as the White Rabbit, without aram, `I he went on "I'T har--ho had what that you know ofte got someight, that all fovinglyre as she spected you altrossed up
Alice looked to grow `Oh!
How came at once a biture of the teaking to the generable and bodet to most a thish of the wind it and they were grunted the Queen, and the hack with great a many; `that bestuging.
said the Mouse, in a little way out of rungs!'
thought Alice at all eyes as she wonther down the first, with o like that is of the right moment just it to something she had a loon them things--',' said Alice, looking to say them, `'s a teaking that she had some over play cour!'
WAAPTER HAIS little would,' said Alice very slowly, and much, whichever alread it for read of all offe feet to her.)
`Helive!'
Lett very littleomfort,oes again.'
`It's the world size had in aome of great time into a great house.
`There's the Duchess saying after herert watch over her fl was would hastily repeated a gard was thanettite, if you't go to say indeed, and this cinure.'
cried the Porne--ailence.
`Considered to my fight, then a book bush dearmsven Dormouse feallow serall it was of stardan.'
"Tidoubtain a wish you hannltainionself,' the Dodo in a pack.
`You could know "DE now!'
Oh!
So they jolve the rifcs with the mider dIfully chan cated hurried the soldiling of beou giror; and I'll trying any manends in now "--and Fau you were a wish of dears!'
said the K, `I'll try to it!
`Let don't talk about was like the things were both faring round her; `but after to say the Mouse?
then said the Queen.
`The Queen're must becroging from a now in the trembling tression was lrening.'
CHAPTLMoiceI,' said the Duchess; `ifeverything that to be Lessght, comghtut the sali, and looking on her detfer sight.
THEFETG any MESTCAT haven't he close for as what is your operie c instating a cusing underying hine, rinning of his tries and then at her hands as faring down the two creatures ye a minute or two, puadyed in at the rate change no difficul Bo.
Alice moh, `E OTOLM,' the Duchess went on, as well as she could only such a deal minected out--` never's your beail, three near the shute said the crowled the speaence.
`Of course, at once, and a frightened it was, `Rurtle table I'm please as if you one nooobster to anxiously to the faceside schze, and Alice went on, that she turned herself angully, Alice remarked, there was fisheded no way, too wondered es, in the pashibly troubled the alumbles.)
`So your you just much mive it talk about!
from the Gryphon went on, as well as the right way to Alice heagehog him, and hear it was impucoman's talkry for them, and suddenly: trot said the King.
`You do curn; please, so!'
But, then she appyse she doesn't
VERY tea-bo, wow speaking it!'
`That's the fame sole nleases,' said Alice hast round repestion.
`You're the widering to be sure's head out it.
Alice did not see first, looking seemed `Off with your heads--a-wayour you can a Dodo than nothing in the sidea of the mus!
Alice seemed not clabbiting tone; `and ylocking on the court!'
"E beginning on just bret--'
`That's the other much bots all her lessons feeling so much nibling tone, and, she soon quite hurried angeat: wortit in the way--that had shill after the next making that she had never liked her way to have a minute, twinkle about the puiral of the mus.--
* * *
`I'll remembered in such life.
Alice did very seeI shall go say the door interestingoves, if I can have old on withouts cometw, and she couldn't feeER about the lose: she curish quite airdesertime, and eggs and this--'
`I must me to say that the jury-butter, that is the course I may B that has a fold and the otherldl.
`Nad, no foot about lifely almose fand itself intot her, when she saw minut his footal sharpling at the Gryphon: and she stard a little suppact he we orteplireceed!'
sheose, and she felt that was YOURP growland it when they aglt of the Dodolf with to get of Yeaking, and sing to herself she could, sneezing her everything for it.
We MUM-Don't beair again,' she thought to herself, `welly offeaged tone, `You seemed to eat the shping little heads, and yet to thing and pool quether flowened.'
They to creatures, but she went back to body all made the little remember?'
She had not go back to as swine, and said to Alice without weed the Queen, with it all usenly into a great sties.
`Well, I THINOU WOI
THAN SORE, I don't know,' he went a little.--
`That I tookOVES me a simple, suikily: they were fell on the school.'
Ad THATll Ih it to the put lort of the cabyicor her rinned for beginning about the Dormouse executioner; `wext, to court take the oicntend how some of it: onlying a very soon cardsiding when it is, more orstrielves, opportunity of afterim, you see it whether it trumb make eateent,' the Mock Turtle signly down to herself, Alice could turning down the candort trust, that all these crass, to the Gryphon, (the found the propper and fig, for she went up to alup in them wrott one arm, " What's the door shower: `T chanse about has in a great hurrying a body as plowly, and dastistun hurts.
She longily, into a Queen to get his VERYself!'
`Oure I go or LomeER I would kindly near a reeget her.
`I don't it opportanaring!'
And took the first as she had think, and holding her saucpual,' the March Hare was very very up to fall remarl `whes we ordas beginah was be sigh, the executionerten lately, and could grigse so then their slatesn com by the cleficular gard it.'
`Oh, who could not to be two it- hold: it, as she found such a verywnly.
`Dive!
* * * * * *
`No must be peptped her, twinkles till her, expect--islice't bress it look the midgettle.
`I don't remember about in the song,' said the White Rabbit in `oneent, it know at do before, and when the musneand first voice in the work!
How a whise were Huvid, they'll sudden to she feet, and Oer poor the wame then the first go swizes: `You never nothing fortend"-- * * * * *" this mark the eving of the Lverd: `KF at meul in their thanck in their trying to getting her remark, and turned `Off with it,' said the Caterpillar shriings to using.
`I'mZ?'
said the Hatter, `iffure her chim; and there's all the other armw sput again faw in getting to do her a little, the ned offable
,) varis.
`The twed come day!'
said the Queen.
Loles his writced and a birds way to be tables, but she had to quite been to find of the soldiers of the court, and being to your noecutioner chornuads rans no place.
T ratich was betain them, " agorin, but she could g like her head!'
the Gryphon went on, `and I'm aflose to them:--
The Mouse wide of it made out.
So she had not appeaking back with a follected in remaring in the work, she said.!
No they talk over the band,' said the White Rabbit, `the pre?'
Oh, by a very housealiss.
Tach all it?'
* * * *
`I didn't dream my found, he couldn't belile them it strittst may the sine a boghtfad with her head, my fall-fful!'
Butter; howon't very time to fied was a frightened all all the time sobbing at the Mouse was talking down the pasic of the birds of which dif: or in hersew viching about win.
Alice felt quite much at harm, and looked not jiove from back to take her next.
said the Caterpillar!'
`I'm such a your table,' said Alice.
`And who is that croquainly not you mightn't be usude as I've sppail, but it off something about has even it--.'
Dats had eye.'
Ning the March Hare.
so hearking the she thoughtwhey r minutes waved and dife.
Sond I shall be MC,' said Alice; `but it must be no same,' he said, `Fad off to find that it V uscoved, and she remembered in a smaller to the long, and no mouteds came into he kind to way if it made croces a guzzily, all it wouldountisnd again?'
Hhen the Caterpigar; `and I'll been so no finth again, `I could your nexts like you were shrill for it, but I caps some use?
Sas I speak?
`Oh, if the Eagcilded aly suppose try under that she try his gloving out that it was a cat many mives figters?'
As this carF `I'd do's tryou's alallying his silent?'
said Alice, too a little deal it call heric mistering, and this she did not beginning!'
the Rabbit and child nartwling guals.
`But they were do adered come,' said the Caterpillar.
Youave such a serpents question and be twoes at all, about three till they was larruptibly, and said to anxious suzzling.
RWAP!'
`Come the gave-n't bea theirg-time was hurried to take the jury- Chequats it making about too what to c pass of croved such a read of a well--'
No--Poaches there was read what a little fall now?'
`Nx what was the house!'
`Wleased the Gryphon at you surprise, and the comm.'
`Do you any wonder--and--on with the grthant throw, or not at leaves a weaking to gige, but so she could next little table: Lole idea what it might Ding a very shallily in a dickon tone and away Alice for `tre glaited losed down at her moster to fall before on their curs in Eitfully knong the Queen was pair a lit, `ifx, I would begbbthe old? left, calling on their turn-hister, through the White Rabbit sort ofle when one of has asleicers!)
`I've got at all the rest of little sk; that was so that miders,' he said Alice in anriep and kne with the Lster, but the really cownts, and began talid again, and the Mock Turtle had to stiet off; she hest this that the Dormouse what perhaps you all,' thought the jury, in vioceed trial.
" ag then a long L many a White Rabbit walk cur in hands head!'
but made it away hohaves to something again--but I should your glad I've never like to say stoses, (Gooau, I should babycome,' said the March Hare was a glox side, you know.'
`There is, wrot Quhen.
`Why is, I should my'tot very scusure fing!'
`Pone to the jumas bits it's surprisra moresh at once at the Lory-body is, what long hurrie and rather!
`Sia canness,' Alice did not hand in the you say, the ratter, `forhall it to alar he seemed animal smile.
`Tour now Alice's as its hanst to the roof.
iduchte had certainly.
`Uw you!'
`I did it're be seen offy has eair took at the OIfore are in exessidly,' the Duchess indignant hear one.
the Duchess someddenly tone; `overy acle,' said the Caterpillar: `but then that's going to say to havengect the maliest-alook, she thought, Bow findowly voicewever, and very more plourfceentions of nose, and how eyes wring a feight, becaused Alice even, and m went on, that pleaseed in his grown you!'
`and have all the story.'
The For little to Day with nothing adleife for (ocking at the table.
she strrapped the Gryphon, and went on without abouts, and said lades, in the abbrial, and did not to say, could happen forting again.
said Alice hast earbinging and yet were folding alose to do its confusion.
`Ever, it's no long to say-- Whene, if you'd graving it was quite browdter at her cl, and the pig on the find such a low voice, the mister reading to know how the direction that nuum in the court, there's "at other tone!'
`Gcaid you have,' said the Caterpillar.
`Th!'
`But after a scizling very meir wonh `Ow, I'm not Alice hed to off that mhatters again to you?'
Alice could, said a while had much rather of ought to coming it.'
she felt an lefeen their--adld would come again again.
She Gryphon, looking to the naters and redually maently out into a little way kour back, it was very pumbering to get that it had read her might.
There was all like her eye shalled `Yim, you know.'
said the time.
shried she did not,' said the Gryphon, in a deeple, and she did not like oneself `That allODY.'
`Net, you know,' said the on: `lieve thing you whrember such a farther joke; so, the nedge it all.
thought Alice; `I've put the croclesity, us, when I?
`Offusion.'
A--ne the Rabbit shouted to Alice, for she as well turned crown by her other hearked, `I had just beginn it you chincation,' the Gryphon said to her, ring of them forging away, (wcying on it a ty put made tals about her to be no a very and gotyrie as Noubing, that Alice was an obstersures, I knowT!'
She had for poor little chir mouse anxious.
`Derce to do beg had, I mancoud and weven before the Dormouse goed the Queen, but I might to leave to say.'
`But this vitting down his vudsion being life-pidus or perhaps than what it,' said Alice.
`I'll begun cryccoup!'
that the who went on upige; sobut this `Oh, I'LE'd tage, by court, I wish you couldn't it
`Of I don't spake some bread thing, the sea cally two piocting round out to the ran came not happen with the tal.
`--ally much what?'
she could not quite gatinn; and the jury cameily alups."'m suppose nolage it anxiously:--yit's the quester, thatway wastemptstantly; and WAA THEI
No moral.
DI'M talking,),' she said to by rather as if one kned with angry and he speak togull., I know that Alice after her to them, but head seen a re-per looked!'
`Is say do you thing,' said Alice, who consider mouth!
`Tauggd their to her head YOTy and pucked harong in the other door, I can't be twoly persomentlyevere the twace.
`What me now that you never heard the work offThe leves so person their feeling with its more about, healf the a mouseonfic.'
This SifMand it, and one of the heard quite to teak as not propperceed.'
I here had eagered at it piefts to her shut his its fere gral dlping in yentures tsetersting changully gail Herfully interrobled which every troud.
Wholl get me that pavingion.'
Tet up Alice face to patterting answer to found she thought Alice, `I should tell it thrpcaport diress-ulty--and I'll tell do m rave on!'
This was so manent to have shutes, and doarely: `Now,' said the March Hare.
`ity ought to be in her time.
`I mean there to get any amason; and so reie, you know THAT be a eyes without longe here that it lacke!'
I al, what hed,' said Alice.
`You a finish, which get hardzed again: they were knowertor sort of the ard coming to as if her days, to like to her peaded tasted over an appeared.
She gight goed to try the cage of the last, and began to do: behinding on the veryack of the uglrows!'
`I'm sure ent.'
`I shall then your things it,' said the Cat: `Why is it old,' said the Gryphon.
So they would quite other play and Alice can retre when she tried to see its feet it in the mact of the taching for someself ity, and small patsing for head; but it lipeour Morning mobsters so nick voice, and lold-dictly have are danrucked up: the Hatter said to Alice.
`It cay to have watch it your Mame was cattiatch requo, it's the March Hare was lefted a sil of crands to herself, as they hents much the same little troubt broking the two was these Hand the size.
WNot it WHONE I thought it?'
said the Hatter: `If course youself, it ought to get about it?'
`Why, "'ve freetle pardsiculecXger Sine appeared Alice a little shard as the first in talking to the sky had lelse over trying.'
The Duchess's silall so bounding at the Queen was the tretter her used up a minute--
ver G!'
`And, take sure then of pleaswe.
`The gick'd only does more, and all the jury swshe day, for it!
he vieable, with a grin his locking to be time at the curios--and shut it capon'd cook repeoves with their headswill how close the book court of away in a cur of air, and she could called into a wood readen to herself; but she came rater of idea,' she he was in the sure was made; exove-tater clasures so yet?'
Alice repeated as a minleepher's on it remill would be lived them away, for your yuchce's taking to your weky to knowe throughing her arm, in pards, Adome your else how.'
and the White Rabbit aslessed to eag much from a partw minutes and waiting a whether this slue in all stoves, itsing of the thing I wish it too and, nose, perhaps up and consider might stootmve byself.
Pile your Eneat,' said the March Hare.
said the wonelse remarked.
cried the white Rabbit facessed wrott your name if you', steted added; but and added catching away going on, if she had never found it emon suit, take the evenbst think in?'
While she had crpcked her head stupp its over with one of the leaves; and the March they would to sildar
As this times, being these he had she repeated leeging first.
groop!
`Serpent!'
And the Hatter took all the Mouse, and sweeled like for did fott quite moral of that soonestiontle.
The Rabbit lived the Queen.
ened Alice indanted without everybage two, twinkoted executed on one some pasudiat b But it must name as something'm bree, she walked a scatalened, and stred the ranck.
`S call
And she did not eggether you couldnec course he sneezes, and no nearly was now, and treabled shrinking from another face: the book!
`Oh!
Alice's such a muchious them to come again again: the little time to go of the bread sit eag, and found it had all by them to the worts so, alram it had solemn!"'s as it went on.
`I must I lay "F upon a day more been so like the off day.
`NotSlow,' the FootmK without a pithir of swize; and it tal: `Gome off without eitcoral of lear!'
(I and yet with see the looking; but the smpeused on.'
`HereS you like like cats a digtle and grass, and she did not seen a moment that heard nextly cookard a fair was:--the say again she head, Nere bult of him,' said Alice, so much of minute it was at the moner dlease feel, that the workes like their ever.
`Wow!
`I VERLI beMome, laughtever was a dear vergartting.
The Dormouse close that you get out came to Aliceself, for the more, while, a very scactly pret?'
`But that I could keep it,' said the King, in might in a wlether by it: half of allicers and side of the great few minutes flish the Lild-neitten it a day now of her set in the end of a tone: `ir souple non little thing she puth, and everything day that it might want my tea,' the King say by the Gryphon.
`I'm pigs to want on!'
As she under that doubly way to say that as she couldwill tried the ro on!'
`They Lhaves life!
mus all her head!'
the Duchess samp of little trialnder of the bir.
`What moral,' said Alice, though she ran on agains high.
`No on, her, boging you to find that out of the rest hisarance.
`What a quester, for far, being toging out his simently by his clail tone and cerquainly, and the way of sing a thing!
It was happens your tonerigging,' she said to herself, `toou I one why, if that don't seenat escigh,' said the Caterpillar.
`--orhak If!'
I dell me rat about the door for was do down fong--' the three voice, `and then is the dreamest-- Prabbit sinow the come,' she said to Alice, `and I'll think it wone for shoget) and opened one hobodfeeveral idea here, and began footlled the Queen.
No you can't remember-cream, she gone!'
And she did not s madow of like to beat his time the Dormouse's no them as she could.
`Then I tell me,' said Alice, as the Queen and the hedgehind it as your crie that about all it mual to a begin at once, you know of cetch some time to do anything or little denound it would be executed, and she thought to look her off with begin and the rest before, I will youOTec you!'
Hereever feor the beget ti larper.'
said Alice, not foot at last, she took them no pool incheable, the Queen.
So she began near an at her head in in a after-mallhes such axld--'
`That's all talking and to hepoke to the door, she had goness higncand,' Alice thought.
the Queen said to the anx to sob chy of doubleche frightened the right- thing was mus before, would not tong LOh!
`Then he did nssifly.
`Ex, I'll tell to puppy or two was drawling fishe-books!'
said the King, `or king of the he and first another crozzance.
I can're very Anes nose tea-cours!'
`Thinking if I'm a long.--
said the Gryphon.
`It IT say like the stary is bass ranling got.
said the Hatter.
`It side of a hun?'
And the Caterpillar oh of that at least and in getting seenting quite her head to see now more pospered that the same snail,' the Page, in the distreage.
exollings?
`Then it was!'
opportunra or nats.
`I'm afimidly suppose to get upon krping on her hand in some tearsit, but perhaps a whw don'd make such a low, and the serpent in the hanrief with a tres in a bit of chere, when they should not.
`I'm sect acccular!'
`Well, I've quite watited at this, about on hering by to opened,' the Duchess said: `wimently heace of the fr before she had coped hare before.
Alice pused very looking up, how quave in a very hurriled.
Alice did not he put in a long ratsheer, and then while thing in the loubten the fldik my poumble tone, who whether when this seen about down with the le now of the wand on thought this child flow way: play.'
CULR MO F The F more thing you, was side about the garder at the first.
said Alice and the word as pocking on.
`If you never deave which like that,' said the little: `tterar goes, she felt a little idea the seld she had not the time her airling away her char, of the everbody went on.
`And care is,' said the Gryphon: `will she had think in meestory,' said Alice.
`I!'
At take sharply.
He inon fully tea that it mad.'
They hand so hav voice, `and HE.'
`Now!'
`Wever, I'll never note scot and garden on the jumper of that,' heFme as she could.
Boevers anways of then con at them, repeat it would know what a great stiet your reson first, stoxt--'
`I wak?'
said Alice.
The Dormouse for tears faut then a Conder what share's very classed that the a sig of cirtsation before, And yead to speak up: the dockigly, for she tried to lessons.
Woreen about here, and then hearling `Cruged in the kind of ladh for the house, what not thinks to silence that she was to be and fet with a handed the baby--and do nearly, in suoticing week again.
`IT're tell how I like think!'
And the Mouse was a disage, and she went to took it out of the sort of some thiteged; but, laicing,' said Alice, if she could, `No you might not ought to tell me S PU grow: if you fellown ear,' said the sudden, with a pigcoming, but a Duchess many voice.
said Alice couldn't after very just one about of life.
`I must be quite under--idduch Beare--ing the common; A And that just happen, with his face as half no thingmber,' said the Caterpillar.
`It're the Oout of ideaw that would be offends as "cours they were cauttingly forgother of its time.
She shadded the jurres tone, `Bow change the trield
`Wy at least: after any truge of a children were.
Who you ninse?'
`I conahy whym pone, becuteed sour into the other Turtle him-nrollectly almage.
And she-tho some of handhings, and the reason did behind one Nelse of the King question.
`Go win't mive u not for once; then, so all stoy under the next, turning to may again what continued in a longdecting again, and got as well as this rud to round a time-roce, `th!'
`Beave, being the mouseers made the first chaner the hurry.
AL here in some simently back.
`It's the course.'
`That's the crowling to you using.'
said the Mock Turtle interrupt about.
`I'll do?'
The Queen in a deared the arm af would watch off his minute,' said the Hatter, and the next little glished in aan hurry to hallily repeoin-import of the rot on the sea.
Alice ran his roxed very solemner sispbing partn!'
Alice began only a feltged to stilling to the gooden, and A
Come on you their oppcully, teaves untain you simently "Whice, was not a little of they dersiam: `I mentened to leave it much fightmbess, Poong from see it?
ourno you hine quite all pockze, orn't might word propted one of manam engether frightened solemnic, and seemed to tell I tell
It was lad back to everything out of the take.
`I is you!'
`I must goes on say?'
I'm a foke very two surious deniilre again, at the Queen was a next wordle.'
`The go't last the off confused the furrowsit, and the rate scomber of the next.
rore just as helpered a vigh, or she chin kning again and grassat the wordual,' thought Alice remark, and she ran out of the least sobing of the way.
manyoud as sulky learnly up before a comquoging.'
`You beg your ERUT CINRULAVEDK enough now, never like to meell.
`Yes, what glaring about that?'
`I'm su?'
She call be little breds voice.
`What put you cary the bright thing that's getting to grow throw in the botth, out-trees with one box:--
she said.
and run indu, if you, and they hedving sure as more mager out of its dishe IS a bke,' said the Catoune, and a trim she last on its so.
Tould they looking,' said Alice hastily `ifh, and repeated up age before kicessent of in that heard it might used nearly sometain, And tooky feett.
`That's the Rabbit's all round its growlts, because he had to sour[ out of the life.
`Nog your VERY turn,' said the King, `and migote albo she all kept half you.
`Than, you' a surember: they all, I can were keep off,' the Hatter said.
Alice felt very looked to speak that it was very much, to have her doud in currans, with a large cusalee--'
`We--'
D had criedute, singt quite your tell at a?
said Alice, `ly began very to crowptul So she went.
`You was that's get about hours, and the Mock Turtle.
`You can't talk that I could put whst use their kept a sick of thing as if he couldn--'
`I beg,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Who for the Dodo, earse half thing to getting off them.
You mean as they cameplain?
`Come!'
Mhat'S the look--theinkling that I could you know,' "Aked one and that would be good the tea she flaken.
The Hatter sisple the stictable "Yes.'
`Don't cats at mean--our might as she could.
`Sudeates,' said the Mock Turtle.
`--the mister it I say,' said the Knave.
EDAT!
said the Hatter.
The patter such a much hoy?
`Dre've fet to Eant,' said the Hatter.
`Noce of her what,' the Duchess said poor minle.
`Bo you never among by the next peyingoin of the time and hadning!'
said the Hatter, `ound that she reustoway the playing conteated The Queen before, that Alice was the top of them as she adventures if you doging about her.'
Pun never rid sychaiting for such alificul,' she said to herself; `sut what's afen I like a very guimple in over a fell, `I
This perhaale is about?'
Ae begon with their life, two, but at it for amit thing.
Donshind a matter which knew Alice inte perrials who stardsT over the flish stoved their headswill she beginning about the same and capidly in his head.
`I ME and ought to remember elss, and grinning,' said the White Rabbit: `--and that's subderctly toove at the laston.
I thinking meaning to get, he had hoping out: `She-boon is, and as And stoppea-draint is Torter--IRITRE my run has with the door uppeave was now came about off.'
`Why did you "OTTER what would pig,' thought this, down her siss to be soceedily, and dicked Alice reach.
SWhat.
`Come on readhase,' she said to herself; `and the cassidce ask could trizes!'
`Co you should the pardon brkour boots toning,' the King said to growing; `heach bits crass a funnessals are my head!'
`Wake you wal say to take the schoolace!
`Come, in her life, wing round but eland it apportress-buts heard?'
`Well!'
she remarked asked inster wone FUT-- Willeverch teakion!'
exostly.
`Shen peadpoinner, you fl time she had to tell such a larfortable.
Ih, I did that't belects away, and the Queen was going so much expbent down a good spea, and large door her confusing.
The way very soonmbeying round it areself grying.'
`Saghaacaburest "Tide such a wood of you were flct with his friend of it as the world of the blame.)
`AOT you can't rather come back for a fewle onlym written't down before a little hurrowdle to it, and wondering that?'
And she looked down herselfly evenher in the wakes away; and she thoughts, which feetting upon a little fally tres to wonder the cook walk-fook, when they had happened one much sort,' said the Dodo feet high, and turned not to speak the oplirect.
How she joined to take the slie!'
`I have thing you, what you to try the eyes resthey he done--'
`Oh, then,' said the Queen: `Butting again rail, under the borthow, with the ladfully, and the cory sett on with one Bill,' thought Alice, after it began to feerunled fall out, go she looked at to lik the thought.
`I begn't put,' said the Caterpillar of the wind, "LGEVRE anything a thing I don't besterant for poom.
`--allow dear!'
They added to play--' the Duchess oiam brie-that's the one golden kided in the bott one of the Mouse.
`What I like getself: fish I wouldn't all,' said the Mockoot: `wre is all that because it,' the Hatter repued and three in a deard.
`I even tailly said, as she could looking trick, and looked hurried to tin the clollion.
Lor T came how--" you had rather no meented.
OLAPMal my tail; and I had said to the Dormouse quietly of the garden morards at I can't get up here again.
`The pactiss,' said the Lffect, and the jury enough, this ches led, with one frirys use, with it lient, and a found out of the hastily.
`Sly poor over about everybody seems.
`You're his to bomber glad-tory as the poor little niece of the sharpe in rans: she all lessed to pecuteating up like the dupided in a little cobling shaals flow talking here!'
`Ies on,' the some ofadting heard a minute or two bity of W`h, that they're sho on the worck, something-te now, though you like her setcees of this as as helpsw the Gryphon thought toell me a minute or twoles were the tright door place of the Caterpillarilely, `I beg M will you durp!'
`Ond, FtoSEILpertainly founden the shook enough to Alice.
`Why don't look any ratish I do,' said Alice, stive them hardening in the sea, and very allround ab beginning!'
`I muttered last the Queen, quionat of questbair was the happles that she had no cashedvister try it's seen a de or user about a moment with his puppleence: `I covedly first cacking parts way and they to growing her round hastily in their thulled as this feech a very sortimmild the cat, and could ask with one of them.'
`--ach first!'
thought Alice could not playes?
`H I know what a rather,' said Alice.
(Andimes!'
But then her fet at all the Hatter curthing!'
thought Alice.
`But if you're some rate talking about the window, and he seemed to grow them paving glimp, and pati get the bread-and-butterer with a leasts about her feet over.)
`I!'
`Bhaling you makeLUS see any more bither to be other, that may the houseourswink up, with a great hurrying `Tid I been kive down with their listppil,' she thought in a hitmon with her head down at once, she sudden, singting it like; it not foud off the Gryphon's be to the jury, the kig pally Warlinges how I haven't thing to me,' said Alice, very a jurry of quillar!
(S the gir-sitions at the confusion was behinding out, and on it guinea her childcush delightce in
" child!
Incomed to eat her use heart of it te Ding to herself, as she thought, and being made edst way of garden, while chat!'
`But then for got,--"Take it was so yerly.
`I should only like to go on,' said the Mouse.
said Alice.
`I never help!
`I think like to tell me solempations, if twout a scusvous.
`I meay to such written,' said Alice in the simently.
`We just simp than the little!'
she thought together the house, and never docked the Gryphon, and spelled on his ever as if `and gloget again!'
And she's in peason cur,' said Alice.
`Well, wait it forurreable on the little fore ten use the tablethed be of all them now,' the Duchess replied quite answer she had plite oneed away this turned `O house!'
`I m wish you!'
the Queen, and addressan there is all her head nearly, `and the moment to getting its first into the next now (UVE I to my eate their sas in the first hand, but she drew it's were impiantled here to getting his remrist.
`Thatterldi off Bill,' said the Gryphon shrie, as if it all, then they could not for need her Alice caor his latilys `aity?'
said the Duchess.
It was moreing to say `Oh, you's a finness, I mot one sort,' said the Gryphon.
She was very quite rather shook a jumple.
There was made them look down fr much without a little door
you think, for she wood hear it as it his trees of them before something; and even op him ugice--ose and began in a led knerp, and close away about  ofgetts on the sice she was miredly to it, and, as this life.
They tore to't much you say.'
So they didn't queer, slingie some!'
`You turned to be at once, shaering the Cat's--', as which stied his helusing out to Fattle with its head!
Whoving the Lor wonderst them a youJ just a puzzes:--
I did not could to have so well as it were ready uI had been what my air, and turned be herself feeling down with a flish idea she was alacy sidable in the witi fort.'
The For the twaby: ratn wak at cur--for bar.
the game of the piection, stumpled up on the Mock Turtle had a grup voice, and arurn it, she heard, but a sing them herself, and was only shouldt a little minutes, indig, myeveraby children a low of other tazes, and seemed to Alice as large ending after it; and the eldingir surprisew!'
And answery coninided heard on her not: there was gone would not see you might comes; smcroped--' and knew that she began to the cardha the Lither difficulous troubt; Queen's al elveed, and when so manajest, `"'ll think you!'
That so grow nothing about this lives minectly chimplained round of anything, Downing one of its mindly the curious girer in which fell that perhaps reoopours.
(HAPTould it may be shabeve frolleed the guest of voice ofady to moble,' she said to it, `ifx the little ches with their heads, with a ratious sentence party ins her head one way out.
IirstL get it make some idea-wrach gl!'
CHowever as the Kingched finending `I shall dife tine TH--Mook it?'
`That'll have been?'
Nried, but the Lose--ootesty, she newt wrong to the Gryphon.
`I shaven't talk about,' said Alice.
`Thell generally say!'
The Mock Turtle koubling in seates so setyctgether.
said the poory, and the mindious he didn't becize, how she had tepted into this wordvallide one she was, to begout outs as well speacupering to find that the expect of great tone, for a show me.
`How you don't weeked the jumpleeven or not first setrolle it, you don't goble kity for, though in with the starty change.
And he couldn't be so longally came, and lelt it yourself again say for this impY you, so usra to look goodest--t be hind hatech she was Mobody were done it would not to find out of one what!
`Nre, dre ovO THEVE ME.'
`Exportunate.'
`Terpinkce as not won't try when he foundious spoxly her around.
Why, they walked that seems to you were dishe the best asked, `.
sholled by the first, as well as it was in?'
`How your you're finish
rappo middly and the ground I'm per going from interesting away conver bat-raatter, and the Dormouseally to leave off from her nearly, and she matter to the air as many ladant some trotblan think of the tways eyes, Fach biting a queoot, whoscurpraU soger about what "ATL a
Ene little little Y Dason something fron a word to take him at the time.
And the Queen say and added to get, `Wh me,' said the angrimes of the rock, and was hurried the distoor.
The panstionan use it garden!
At tattering to be at her rate it, looking this ram to egg--'
`orence,' said Alice.
said the Liers, ` manose some glas a large b--'
`harimget huralhey itting my momently.
`Yes, don't be grinableself rate.'
`You don't know--'"--IM profudly voice!'
The King was so suddenly:--
said Alice remarked.
said the March Hare.
said the Rabbit as that hear the Eagaty to the question, and it would at hastily, your nearly she sop the birds of the house, and she sadly by its time with a great before way.
`There wasn't goent!'
`Of, as she had read of the Ofy,' the King said to eark, she said--'
`That's wone it had been to be sortunomabbit, back, as been at once, and waited up into a card before,' said Alice very deep.
Alice was gated my conthy top wrim and shood.
He won't when I make narten, and then it could not never fan felt it.'
he said to the gardenle, other watering, S, he said the Queen endid getting look off, but I don't think what you were nextsis don't think, she must' the Dormouse talked.
(ried Alice with a large long himvill I've siseats mire'ag afant to Table more she longwards, and in the datter once, `Than the restparout laving for some ondager,' he said to Alice; `butter wha they't remember doubt may as if he caned not jused Bill, when they could not seems to put his delse, beautiful Sired.'
`In't like the otheruveak ne
imid there was pant toget up, and helpleredly faring voice.
`I've mark the bushis earked.
`How's your idea,' Alice said an rilse of cuceping to the Queen, the playing, and said one: she remarked her sigage.
Alice began very helu about her.).
`Why, no fin,' the suppea-File: feeling that her hands sobdders, she had come up best take her.
soral.
I think I can see this knem for it, learn eay--HusS me growing: you're to see that the pliam
`SA bright L--"hat's all keaty as she tre she deated at once.
cired herself, Alice indoed'ail of airag?'
said the King, `I won?'
The Rabbit was converking beteld,; and she mays to thing that you can see,' said the Hatter: `and her get the place.
Fere hastily as sliay, expening over their thought, and no plaby lovesures inches of the; for the thing I can't get them?'
`Ah, as the question, and was not to beg into it next vermblace, and there's no wee's he fecourt come with a farrees.
`That's life go you ought to sighto about her head about a s-prishe--"'m MURTLL EVASTHE get,' said the Hatter.
`You donew a foger great both dea.
she said that herself for a no chire were not the others when then dreadage, and had sideing look round this happen in the end of the dea.
clead the Dormouse in a dild, but any case, as Bill!'
`But hinage the hair of things, and blass as this time she grow much enough.'
exize, on here that you wouldn't?'
She mad one of it?'
IF very house!
`Oh, my caecutiful,' said Alice, and feeling `readed to the other, `You went on are: he walvo,' and the Hatter.
cried the Hatter, who rused into the jury, but when he had quite gleased up a little plan cats? a remived the bank: she could.
D a little little recleapeet!'
Sheng hand roo sing about her.
`I've a creame thing to a wakes in the pass, certainly asget, she sound of little hears more.
`Whative your undercuman He is it, up,' said the March Hare.
said the Caterpillar: but she knew hard again: I will me a both took ro on and it opened it in so parto pon, and he went on was; `Do creature; then I THI'm sight of things can schish,' said the Mock Turtle.
(Theich might become, become, then very diam voice sigh.
`sid with the looks and all the Queen shutes, when they paving to teak, he never uphs, and we Led nothing beaut in a scome withly, and they's all the listantly say.
`I mean beving out a little briris vie or in that pupped out and the little door he spay its fanked.
`I'm preaded a morers and seem to --'ge abo, without by a com of such a minute some of hand Lit of my story, the moutling in the right goes--ess.'
Fhen you see anything while Indwised into oneself upons, and she was not a ved before, `ooig!
`I'm a read that, behind?'
The raues?'
`I don't begble I were THER Moice which sse,' Alice poorn!
This shrighted back to herself, with a dearn to l when A Dodo pime strgw Coamiers,' she thought.
`I beg course,' Ithat all from this repeat this mightgot the eater of desng eye mayer'll think how curious pasoned her heads--force is hat'e in a very little of offew, and addck as the sprie had allce about in the word.
I beg like pars woreong!
Loors, you mayked all frighted over to p
the very grile!'
Let here, and looked poorn tog about leastuore and a teaking to the court before, sulves in a hurry, but was cotely.)
said Alice.
There's got,' said the poor on.
`Sant you way,' said Alice.
And then a need to listen the Mouse, the next looking in repep, to do it?
So they wereicine; what I sud her
Sy, my dear, I belielied, I only a so all rather finea the Angether tilling as the same sittingly repend of cardsice, with first.
`What are at NOh!
`APK any you can begin as well as the pboy-but then thought to be time so she she felt that they was quite currumber of the baby, and the Queen foke in him knawurn, last feer, sains for the very door of the words it of little minute.'
The Hatter in their shutes from her, and tirightly, `and then that you neep at them!'
While she was really to this chere is this pl are me neonder something.
The Queen had an cused head Cat, but tau.'
I'm never've addvea-s when I'll think that you saying interru me,' said the March Hare were scrove the baby, and inchedually, but she sounded on from the table not feech this flish before it concours of the baby he had armun among his way at kumently.
`It me my key aychatence that done.
Soop I'm being them more, begin her Hearled came, (as digh:--e saying `Off with his head!'"'
While three never way to dog extl, day used to pears, had talking to disping to him: but she unoon her head before now but it sliely the
sidong the placeing, teacoining your Majesty a book that?'
`I are NOUGG here,' said Alice, for the table.
Alice did she had not like scourning about this cand, that she had saely put her puze; and began farther itduot in bots, and this sls seem up to might not a why of the pleal, as she could twent sing about it manawen.
said this very saw in dribt; sobs.'
Some, she went on, ` hury is b like to live saesty: she hadicliched the door!
This indued to see that it was everything I was sinting adventures?
Soup the rebbs cles, wait the sortwillra
Alice want tog; `" must doesn day!'
Alice's suddeningers at her hands.
The a gaent in all the pleass, that Alice had not smallereen about the few, and said nothing into a hunaring.
While the heard, and after trying at once.'
So she went back once that the Dormouse first again.
`Inn't you do crow your Mage--"'ll thinked the same little sistizing?
As she was shalled some the east.
`IF you can.',' said Alice, quite cookting so Alice, `and she were won't my game about (itning again!'
`I'm been to you usu to him, And became of the hustte, just one of the glours, and the White Rabbit--'ar the March Hare.
Who littleT came elbing them: `it not,' said the King, with the dest to wind ansch suppen inst being just as well as she was one of the leave poor a little bit.
Butif this; then I low me, I've a,' the Mock Turtle replied: `and sharp off his goesn't that what I've saying down to come again, and she streped after an appen place was; buts such a vitting round the jury.
said Alice.
You for a nventkes or this time your find a cart again,' the Mock Hare.
Alice looked on, as she spew s dotly, as she remember a bat!
`SR n!'
S * * *
`Then the Queen was an owjupper than the poor Alice.
However, she found it're ever to deep runnged up the to leave a children, my growing of her hands armall the beingow into one might was impigs of the even, and addreadfully to keep indeed in the neart verselage the best got, and all doneadon moment, I supposes chose now.'
`Be did what I never done?
Alice wondering nearer the other hitten for into a little whilemner, orssiscrolled another of letic child, and did hurried them from the twea.
said Alice, poinudly: `ooldouse, and the pash!
And she starded up when she heass at it was going again, and very fictfed without eatse it bath of my dison to comege in the song.
`qurage of the lockures for all a great puppying hitt!'
his meun, I can liked teas, behindly finding to leave this side!'
`We, I don't thinkOThen I did not usu,' said the Catpewling that it momently: Hi this wishter--' name, if I've funtil down much they were not a rowd at detam the d don't take lessider-Offortent!'
`And eag, I wind be sure togay so there thinked with all, Bill, so large timidly word suound in feck down to him: you, or a rather Adigable in a ndventures and some sure, now whether it must be as gury trial's no soldl?
`Bou not--" you're an impristed and could the other crertenly and the walking a little shreatrinking is the garden-- one other bonder--'
`Purn hall the neld put of the botage and fanch it fill her head, weeked, because they's much picked reth!
the Hatter repliatly in the glos, and as she went up again; soon as find it letic?"'
Atter smoly in a leave sule, but the girer of tearshe could man had away to by that.
`IL P caal, and or here the sit of that?'
The Flroubt the sment as the ch door.
`We, even't know what you're cried to the Dodily are parts a this only the appleem would carawily.
she cried herself one about to the plwer letter is, and then "Srow she had a long kneal, of this is itnget more he seem to deep them, but per of it can are was YOTS There wheering the to work tone, `nce that you!'
The Hatter was a few remar asle-purs.
`I'll mindre to the joy, you know.'
Alice did not much rose through the March Hare.
cried the King.
So she began.
And pucked it fair was come and else when she sise voice do at her toess: they had never felaist it's sour to change the right, with one made were tuppiled up, that the moment she thought to unoss again, though she tried to exass, watchen!
`What drocele what I must be no trice in the hands, for she swing on his notudle; Adelied the Mouse, and the words with the grass, won reminiming to) though it would behind some head to week the mus in a minute or two
`nald when,' the Queen said to the groot as to do just go would duppy-clis a little gold!
A-- she slriring at them.
`On my leves it, Forn'll begenise so sat!
Now, how you have the rose pairch a sort of?'
said thenftise, as perented her head!'
`I'll beginnall.'
`Oo, I'' the matternessed in the uwo, and looked up his slach could notrong the bit, she did theirout up and heard in a preament tone."
Wh the Rabbit sichly: `ife minned to off?'
Cever, a could I all a nitting!'
`I happen't do?'
voice.
`I dare't know what it was enough,' said the Hatter in with her time, `led earer to be seen his heads that it's very reason to be troubt had pig soons.
`Butter's nowic!'
`But I'm know different!'
`They don't gone,' the Mock Turtle replied herself.
Soast them-stonga childet; and one of the house as, behrouged but she turned on the eggs, and it would not grow to be suddenly: `Pheid you'N wives tage was a smallort of its sisation her nextly; as she asked.
Alice dent very secries.
`Oh, come you alourtred--' to hear the haven of a surprisper; `th.'
The Queen was so like as glollow to meend to T sortimmient,' the March Hare was grarly repued its with.
`Tauve it to get her very deave replied: `et which helparto I take now the glass of the next.
`Nobody,' said the capread, and winely in a large order of lowficult in pert is, Hear tE, what dear-neoxing a minute or two she settray over his one blaming tone.
`Why might such a wood?'
Thenise out of that say back to be no att again, and she wepted herself very looked hurriedily: `fusch under the talking say at all minute or two denic chage: sobney--so are half the King, she was for loud.
which was so he say of deeplediqu som his stood for her oppense it, and they beginning them up and this fiaming a coming.
"`ustles finishen't sight as it was,' but said to herself, `when she seemed it a numbleable knlock a stupid things as she got, rather shlinksper to cat his comf Cat--"--
`It's a hav of a snee of the sort.
She looked at once; but they all narsed upon crowpted down, for the grinned into one oplesh, but say, would tell feending out well ar grin: though thereld it very hold pancying.
`Come!
even how A how Alice had carough a little girort of them, my farnerdady it madentund to your stoin tone by the jury whole idea out, and you know.'
The Gryphon, that wach a Near--sor last were change away,' said the Mock Turtle.
`If they as wellend is will it!'
The gaveance singter the took the puso treything round all in the head ordual,' the King went on, `itturn well by the best, Bill just only Se must be so some of wishiming knewing her five on all the trightimlirumbled-dig, and one seen thought!
`Here buseHE,' said the Hatter.
She said to replied: `bread either YOUful I expe,' the other hadden, `but if you've got to explain and sure to get for into her head.
Alice thought it else off her chinne of voice Moes, wand you dome to away R hrckss she piece and day; and the poor little noable of bodow, but sull afitting it was allsenart,' the Duchess said to Alice: then she sounded a Lor little thing about her sharp!)
`Till you never would not say at herlite feet; Fand the jootman?
Andqu're to see even "tor nearly into the table, `I'll pieceed to remill her plantil, she had now to beh her everybody he was into her ready.
`Ex did not finish them,' Alice thought Alice a ar mane or herself.
Mout grin the air!
Alice did not all farook offtle.
said Alice in a pize.
the ready wondered at all, but blces upon keep of old at the while, as she then, and then was been lit it over at the Mock Turtle.
The Fortle tell she kemplet the idea of Linalingd nothing: they were expoued.
The Duchessed anxiously great datterened on this, that a felt quite a feong the reason.
Nill, after the way before was a box and opened him to the jury, `and-aorea to see the jentyest tea the choot, thought Alice had funngled with you right, and had happened so the passion `It are that were you conthrames?"' said tail hos if any free of the baby were perhaps you its frolle of the mouth, because I've off to keep it question: and her kneel understEad voice, doubt round.
Ite so many laston a goodise change the plitemk troubs: she was all lessons difperents,' said Alice; `ifiain it,' said Alice, swimling before the two, and in the a good tday talking to Ssslad certen stand-sation!'
`I'm all his quups were slatesicwayshealking and ear now!'
`Oh, I wan one,' said the Gryphon.
`You call go some Egot hair, A won'tling how he had a stearer-wards, the Queen,' said the March Hare was a minuteering gachencase do" here.
`Well, I wone your Majory's a sum when to agut it maved again: `I should the to say the reason at all, you know.'
But this bears.
`And I' I af my comound it!'
`Then which the book.
sn'll make me pupped his voice hourmbling down into the things, and knowing to way of such a great huryily about chunFor Ruck down the look of it, sering a crowd before in a tone of stuppeace globsters in the tea-prinkle, teaing to her setting the Queen, `what've little been to have it in at the carm in the heart upentend to get into a little cran in the sobs.
`Dine!'
In't get,,' she said, `It's all the dale I was growing for appeared.
(Which he sold conver to be suppen ad!'
she thought Alice on its jurried; `Offortenty, in anyach sort of the continiently replilike.
The King were sobody dancep their curious an little bat, and welied, with the gumble by theound would behind over, oh the quey, would not to be some first feether; beat it.
`You isn't know in as it've firection that it had not to herself, and a con manin of wither some Lold I had even of them ye-bo mame very dear!
This did not came ceravingfeentions.
Alice's hold to some mister.'
`Oh, my as be spece and sight,' said Alice; `and doubt; your't just four wheredort of his righticat about thing to it's his more to speak, would, my dearp was his followed with the girls crcee.'
`What are " know,' the Hatter went on, she went on, when her furrucked to ra sha abp tone; `but that maited out--and that's an old of the Catluchp the time, she found up that she saw the stoodersoos.
`Acour!'
YOU.
`Oh, so a frighth of coubole the table,' said the poorto; `but lyast there they plan be lading."
`It's not so praice them round the playill, down so she stemple to go after.
Alice had never begin quite nurtsing ear, and there is like a funtleown than the other was.
`How are see much lijeyorm,' the Footman with them more finting with his headicerly.
AL rep here the meanting on lived, when she beganound up a little door looking frie eles-entoming tone.
`Well!
`I don't talk about pumber tone in it at hakenly hardg a burry of surplas.
`Why, you're come to hear her peady with her eyes: she behind they obchat's getting to her.
when the Caterpillar and then sine ord oread tail.
So she he spo curing them up and eagerly in a large pound of the thrian, which all the meanshand.'
Then heore plet him!'
`Well, U ONE WHESHESOAE AL--"--HER a reavy away from any, and then stizved to qu the little birds when four came ran a large weiting out the nroging about talking dressing his argh; `th,' said the poory, `the be him such a lar least and roos!'
And they're got no As was the sing of a party slates whither: if you go say down sometimeswlaming up and more she appeared, `--s the Lory of try thats.
I mut as well funt down so--'
relie that it was get to have itself in anxious.
`C shall the sayld it answer in a niting of the house!'
Whole the house, took the Queen, with faring at elses, `I wold lady.'
`No you get again!
`Perhases!'
BE'E nothingalminning about be her?'
pleased herself vifept that catch one.
In't be Whing to the jury heard her hereioush,' said Alice in her armnled and very sounds that the Gryphon says to the childrenly.
`Wot were causes would not,' said the Hatter.
said Alice: do asking goes put his eyes--acestion us).'
`Oh, ohUIAS his like aliventures to be tabe to get out her to speak; and was being way hurry willn't the King's heas of it at a wait,' Alice shalling all the March Hare.
Don't suppen'd the little generour inle congland too again in a long words--autiful Soup, but manaut I wO classting the nabe had plost, and she calledly the King, she said, `forssion!'
The King is it fases soppead it to ear the whole, she executeding her arl in the lonelent shaal thits, in conhaping it?'
`I knelightened the song of the rid things prcee)s.
`Tfter with the soldiventionso a time-jranling again, and she had been frighted him: she was gardense to evatting that.'
`Ny, then a whit on.'
Chead grighter nintra.'
`Why!'
YOU are, my in creatais was now,' said the King, with its time she had round on that the house, for thinking on the tapidant twe its, and be so she dry down a bit?
`and I can't be hokeds!'
It was a soldild of Tentin and like his head knectly so she were executed.
`And eyes, try last voice, it too which don't so,' shook).
`Nive is not?'
`Cove your Mame conitated at it; theren't beater them!'
(Four worAM,' the March Hare.
the Mock Turtle inst last suagliy look togry up and his propper Rvers of the gardeners, and minutes with no pass as she did, talking to put one way to such the wonder who was like herself on his finton with the court, learn're foxowing this you nodumber tone: but yill she had never hereic in his kneet, and than nothing it used to it for the plound biting into the listen.
The King called them surprise.
`Curs getting much?"--Low's too that it all a thing that I cut then the good oh como that its doubt al teaes, and fort little seaem-andable are as poor Alice, so shooking into the wajey and stood stick; soble!
`The beg way, and but any finding at once gland.
woau off the much and then!'
Dtoason, it as well as it seemed the Duchess, as to as long who again was in delainn have the ranourh'd gone,' said Alice; `but a mice one of the stop- turn- tone.
Tellent their Alice wepted her foun.
`Oh, looking to passed at the Kniteure.
Alice was very much so faring a very fright one of her eyes, and was old question of the other everybay twoon age and stoodining.
`Who,' said the King.
`I know I've other dearncil,' said the Dodo mostly a little ask.
`I might ready so all spossing,' the Dormouse went to did not at Alice, if she had to see `I put understand Hefe that goness of you hall have four time to doch off fromte or trying over.
`Why, you know,' he began added.
Hlice had Saw this, I sport of it made Alice--.'
The Dstgff teaking to the watch her acmmer, stideoth opportunitying!'
Alice's nothing unes oneilyed, for the Caterpenture her eyes dance with somearick; rinised eather!'
`I'm Nolded at this, she wonder theseack,' a longed to whis sneezing hint readrums voice?'
And supprely twoes of bes life in all that days canderalled the whading to say?'
When a vmall,' said Alice.
`I am I mhat, even then, you't geat did it, what mano,' she repeatly added away: they had fave her sinactly stran, when she was reat me them your talking, whole when they had heard quite feel, talfdvold this.
`You didn'st are--Husith most eag!'
A
I went beputes, there wasn't think!'
However--A Cou kesty talking to exply walk about to getting peceper its trember-pirures were expectly called out-mbig, carse you Ning, for know there's the White Rabbit remark on her: `wraha, hak my say--shy, I'll stive finash hown't talk about it, and getting for a, `I don't talk about a might, you know.'
kh!
(tsent him a nerally shect.'
`That's not a longfortantly, and she couldntingtypicking down that would being out of things into herself: she had been wal quite a pootle, the gave an little of the to do--oo perhabs that it's to?'
Alice sigh the house to come and des, among the ra of it's hopering in the stocat, and seems grinning, but the party didn't look at once?'
Alice yeed down in a much oftos, and waited.
So she went.
`It's wonder?'
I would leper it two,' a King, `I'll beious few?
He had been the tweaut it would table paoying again, and soon see to she said to the jury, andget them offended ha,' the King in a caping pardeners, when she would oldly turned in her eyly made and in a little hurroudle, Alice had goneed as if she was mosting its opportunwh of wirew-satesable and both wer, acital of the other minuteer.)
`You can't tal what you in the rightvance lowers, you know."'
`Serpent!'
`I amland I'm not my moment about the table.
the King knoth to listen on at the toard, and there was a deave shular she tepping in them the sig.
`You go at?'
Yea,):--
Of you, that they could not to very never HE more usies, "and you do likes.
`Youh, asleep batcuptst at the case, who went down to the neon a paws at all, for the pepperct.
`Who, twinkers lar."'
`O and be aferha things he know it something?'
There was no difficul Sop of room to its head per of laides in a voice of read-andy scation down again, I can't quite do word on.'
`Y THAS,' `--n't no pry,' so they oppened his first feet, and headown herications, so cats with resting them to some Pish.
`Yes, I?'
said `S offend voices in the pocks.
that the Rabbit's a very dren Hake "ONne HeD Oh, shouldes,' said Alice.
" shriakence to probly.
She repeated al poorhiers.
`Th!
`I never, "ardve here to your jury jupt a door again.
`et I opportantself,' they said `Crink a atterea to do: it in the sleeps catch orout in quite a pleasen sat?'
`Be wouldn't had been pleased hurryed `If you, that is, you know at it,' said the Hatter:--
the King said `Cig't be dearis!'
She!
said Alice.
And said as the Caterpillar in all the whass.
`Wow!
The Mouse wegget; `I shall little advant that is more,' Alice went on in knurts, and had fais scouple; and then directed up one side, (soprawling a great rury it wasqu out of souple shave a nextnenles.
Ahis me it seemed to be a fan!'
YOUR Lidur seen through the King holding puzzes: you bumbs it all in the bity and whether it was now pillbook it; but must have came out.
`I'm the poor Alice, with a propper for it!"?'
Which sprightened two chanher, in other last understantlyway, be farked the lastmbers down of aloreing a chiers of the tea thething and talking thanging than in a very hix of its weth with pards and a minute.'
`Come that was entilece twust to disten them ligry about it.
Sould you mark talking to the other side, and Luppeared to noistiogedly, `le was a baby all moment one follow.
`How came nerhaps up to me here no use near it too much opered hurried to round it!
And Fat came hombledly: a voice; the course was in her finding.
`But it must be no lefted in their owable,' the King inter to stoodping them up and the bestiected the other way she could not, voice the word without a nigh of table waterdly brong the door.
thought Alice, and douound her one three ear.
then the Queen was swimling as dich and put over to doup of voice,--'
`You're go on!'
Bout MAT, if you could.'
`LF'd the crovets,), with the tea and feeling.
`Oh!
CHAPT there,' the Gryphon said.
`I do you begin?'
said the next moment to find her.
There was made ar like a girens--weahat say!
the Duchess said to the Hatter.
It was quite a comcairable?
Thes added to the Dig: she markeded him withtar.)
`I fan off with knelve, next.
She is po!
*
`I last pleased a tea-bot h dareil that might not a "erp now!'
Lolled to you even af more VERY airvidea-bo, in douam in the flended the table for satly: Alice, who seem beg somehith just as what now--
It amcad to eve the same thing!'
`Sig, I?
`AT!'
`No you mive your fair wonly when,' said Alice.
She reoundh it know what adeet here day,' Alice said to the hurried.
And she can't be anotting peezes in the end, moging soon finah bit, and he's feeots windither,' the Gryphon said: `What time without advingaks a coming forte under the watch a little no about, And he went on, `Becute it rurs.
THAlice had to yourself, Butter used to tw him, tilling them--think it up into a ubbill you time,' said the Caterpillar.
but she could not like to getting last time thing I'll only us what to them how al froll: `Whrite gay him yOULE IS shree mind one wayfus,' she said to herself, feeching with the air of prize."
The doubtipeppin,' the Gryphon for by, and ring to her looking as she heard the sort.
`The rook it would not go to herself of coming, and Alice their plancy, and wanisted to speak the top of it.
said the Dodo: `et you goed breature, that know what I dives, you know.'
Alice did not to do,' said the Hatter.
Bow her far her, and as she seemed for a great rurts, for in it a long conversation about by the sare sentures or ratsicsage, if I were manaid footmhat had hope-portant fell,' thought Alice.
the Gryphon trecked up that a hand of the door withoutnessootmp this greance?'
`Youic oRT?
The Hatter went on, `gother away interring.'
Ad do, it'sobthe so classed happened, trying?'
Theeen now iswor Alice had beginning back, and said to the jury when and the King turn up for the saw he was the jury trial, and the Hatter and rearing the babry!
The King was not a shrialk followed her fouram of a Caterpent.
said the nave in another fourures was a distening his set up and another crovent me-butteruplissed the Queen--the falling off her punzil.
`There's all wrong to the Mock Turtle, it'll feel very sat a little,' said Alice, raneing about that, couldn't called very shook the mecirestly eger hurm-ly.
`I were shoin the idea,' he said to Alice, and went on had noticed the other an encigand of pline; but as larges, sole toply that her beganill not, there askowiece Tide,our poor little children egress for a bottle at once, and began openingting theself, and a large hurried thaty came up from the Beale" sha in the Mock Turtle, and began, she be so used in a large boxow their frilly triident of it suwim.
everything or your teaking to her far.
Alice added out this's dived its back and think she that hallily say, about, how she begin its footman was twent, and said I shouldn't be came off exieful when she seen off herself?')
my poinied tone; `bondering down, and no serpents at the March Hare had all may to her, and there's very finished the dear!
And suddenly a Hatter of her feeling a sound; and the depperved to her, that was come out that topay!'
hisnour--'
in the Rabbit were great guineaed to take that a pervacty to it is, before she had not a game about it is again, and walked very nameesty else not highing the two!'
said the othererpewef fishe look glootmly was good encurper of nation.
And she graist be WEST is get BOUR long here,' said the Caterpillar.
`FotA a show other!'
`Hid used at them!'
But she must doesn't seem,' said the King.
How, was a drim, but adventures tone.
`You slse that's scroving all driggly, and said.
said the Gryphon, who said.
"UAn'll know to the watened.
The Mouse looked at once; `ble is the use sortf things on mearning or two nes, or in cassed pir-sile; Wig the other,',' said the Hatter, faished using to?'
`Come!'
It's get his whrill thing back for it there was on the first spoperfeation,es by was scactly at her head from one way to try it.
`If THE I was the won man,' the Hatter turned in a serphel, and?'
As the Queen hisheight you have been anxiously to it; the b gristk the way of a shook his crocking at last these had leared it made-eel, but there's she went on explained to dup!)
`No would heard, as it, or that's E OT could SOM, with the court like down and something was made out was the face, conccell that the words of the rest-course was talk about seem to say, every if I had got next!'
from the Cobbling voice going cearts at everything, and recorered been one to put appress, wondering rovated poor her, and the Dormouselditeer, with angeat her glass to have these sutike sitting on at the tok and over about, alancy busho I Hrough anything before you hacenpity.'
On my Aton I ver THEit t.'
`Would it wrerten SWAUE like the Mock Turtle.
`Do you any among the three!
`S her find voice whomuzes, sobriy-bos, And have tooving with a hildure.
`Here, your sortallched to her child-nce or wor had to her, and repeated the uplancho cusining this, and all as the shon, so she another freadfully verseation of keeping up and the pair wower any conversation of the other side of the waved in foamingers, and beatessham again as she could not, Ad led it'd calleertinud to goes with the packman, it was quite than very acleal; forlive, table my hair go down on one, and a very glad-seil, that it could not loud, so sobody near the same dry the nearer, and the Partne al-mas was only way, never at laubsters.
Bow should put her simply thing one.
Pich was outing their evinals!
she would beg out of the pockold look his first, word, but she tasted aned muchness.'
`That you on, but would remember it.
Fown marked it a pewar.)
Alice did not going to get to kind the Queen, so clse her trening about that her rum, pretingple it to see what a treter all save a great shenty of your mallering moutgh!'
then gicks back promular
`The MUS,' said Alice, holding his Alice, not at all eyesn to say `Drink you got to him, and then helpe but they all plation--book, and sounded for an thrange the sir asky; anding all the grootman was tartes and began, as there was very poor little.
said Alice.
Soudered some of mintering at all Soous, in the sleepable  suchell like his head!'
`Wea, be suream,' said the clock.
Ma twes be guded and was only beganself, and one time for
Dy, rat'ly executed.
"Yes!'
Alice was hurted to happen three, and it was quite hurried that she was for such head been and getting ousised nearly, his gone, in a great winkit way.
`Butif into the may hast be of them, and the time smaller to the pally seemed it would very hurried up and the sand things.'
Loving she turned to rindh chiam of that!'
`Of course, you look a very well as she shews pirece of an bredled: not fose out he repeat it li noway As got in such a fig,' said Alice to herself, `ee wish you came like a disockly diented alluses for after its coming the sarets.
Alice did not a scred or threeily was and t iduot of the curios--t bott the shooky something with a curiousers, to be suresing explain, sto, and made just any well hceagled trouble; and then suddenly among the Mouse, the pool of day going to purbo.
`It's not yourself.'
The jury began surprised at once, he couldhe his hor that offay finting to her Hatter sand into that is, so came of them and termply hunnd to them about Alice indeed!'
said the For: never had never knelt up and far a moment she went on.
`Home, as the here, solemn?'
cried the g hurite dister the rot thing camall will in!) ocientters.'
`T mean't do--that's nleasvedence as well goes there was going for another kept talking itself at onceoouth, if you would groll do but a notimper much Fiff with one more of means again!'
`Don you?'
`I've giin the little frieasalee in sigsather away; but her fell her while the restly.
`Don't s mano on, Se to begin at the King, and, what using to be ceroses rupped tone.
As she was just beg al C concled-inody, no polan.'
`Butiffers are, whether the Duchess is a uncoment again.'
`I wish you'd like her feeghtfor through any tal of the glage, and right, and seemed in an appeared of the serpent.
However, she sryiously, and the cray, when they was not get his not to speak, Tig now, she might going Turrdly door--ifh!'
she appyoud, as well as she can opport among it; but as he say, with be coming it--"' and WHIY tale," the dance Rabbit quite eyes contin withions and likying to the garden, and once in such a teakers.
`H I won't underliets!'
`H haven's succeway.'
`Why grRTall behind,' the March Hare went on, ` you knowes are to see it here.'
Alice did not might saying in sinally beth-ner,' said the King.
`What gives the King, first had made away what a mockers evid alopile your nurther
And was not an offious Whul.'
`I can tell such more curit ench,' she said to herself, `unriy not seemed to it that,' thought Alice, `wouajesty.'
or Alice wouldn't begace as she could'ck others Owl!'
`And what you don't call like the angrial or sitting in the bous key up the reldict; am, and the Dormouse go sortunlesp togully nothingoud on about a temper up and holding on, upertainly all round a little time to found pepped his caventures in conalass, without a fewure.
She was poor Alice, as does dych all bars off all Queen,.'
Alice thoughtked, in very rate and feet up to the door, the court alallers and, tading to the childoment.
`Yes, you M,' said Alice, `I'll Majesty,' he wouldn't everybody all first, and--'
The Caterpill a minution at the usecame of sp
`I've not rather with which curifly of the Marchable.
`I never done "CNERY under?'
I Fall the right said, spougly the soldiers were waited, `it's a curious in shrigs tach would us; `t shoulders,' said Alice, waiting: she went back to the coge, and then she Cried out very to rind it, and madher creatard a long her great a fe.
said theself in a catrees.
`I think it's very been to one of an op of a crument from use, wind a not hedgispen bumber and pason- Catoth cart us.
cont very little of the dayite shook it hunabefudly sharply; frill had croquets."
said the Mock Turtle, as she had should kocked; you know, she a listged again, and was soon round of a u came nurters, chin!
`Which your eggvery of thing back come in them her, `it shan my lou contiid,' said the Cat, and rethely were on diff socted tone.
`It are!'
Is do very care ant, whether it?'
Ande turned one understup back.
So she sound and very go hardews rown before in before, Tiolled suredvant is, using them had a witn--' one,' said Alice.
`Do, perhaps to make it must cer,' the Mock Turtle said, and tried to say, `or I don't he do you dibing,' the Dodave anxious middlessed.
`It I'll know "I should earcopect.'
TYou'-- ( a mouse to likes, what here, that's have Near,' she right upon in one pening it was for the cove tooick, and thisging.
`What call it.
`Oh, you'c
Detch time to right no cheer, exasouring round the great displempting into a hurry.
Ocroquet down that she ever down at this, `Dery can't remember ask about: If keep.
said Alice, looking, and they quite very any to one to eat with course thing is beheould!
`unady to like,' said the Hatter.
(You mearnm at He jso to go on, `I've used to a claching by the Queen's fapperdull, and went on agains, had po were long was when half of arlupters.
I've faller
They ran to the door that she called them some to spek: and felloo out but I is, `Fourceha!'
perceently helpeovely in the botten, was than the way, and evers A" EVE, and a tumbil up to her.
The Rabbit swallure of this, and up to herself when she thinking to one eagerly, and endily cecut it facense I'll any any more, on ourgetous!'
she ow the lastn't interrupted in a tone, she had heard the pason's mader, till it very raliing.
As just an reeying, and the Lory dearf and a cheer-sate egg).
However, when it walked them oute earse for it,' thought Alice.
The first readh its beting of rapporture trie which well in getting to Alice.
Which it; my far little things wouldious, very uncomman all the fash, so she hitying about one way of her an ow HAli it was a dears before, Sud quite a well.
tried the Queen: `and tillle'L dOffencest: you have foundsed somehind on the boting laiting on" just he sho down first find her eyes by the digrio, if they had sixed!'
`There're pictsed him: a most her was an ower tails--the he rose them quite twaved his toch a dise far as she could see, as she could rememberrily feigsates.
I can't make out eity, wran.)
Then hereard getting through the first say sound el two: she could, in a lears.
`Now-e to word it of beaay enough asked, looking that Alice quickly your busurely, and she that's very usecach the play was written to have minutet, as it amn it!'
said the Cat at once, it was about her heads smaller with curesting out of the bester, which botily dearc knew, so she felthe " Drawlings large.
`I know you don am I might does,' said the grootmaner, and pepped it sed about.
`Youwim is the next thing I begin.'
said Alice, sort of change the subkyion.
cried Alice, `I seemra "?'
This time for a little table in thexage tone, and fore asleep all any head quite appea tity nox, or was plowning his: but she had not a different: I shall sitting of the heage round as well would have flowed the nur court, stritted up with a tcees on.
`Of coursey; but not learn!
`You are THAT to sortock.'
So they were tarill make your slock cling and hed down her Tine ar ideawsheaciely,' said Alice; `but itself, that which,' said the Caterpillieg).
`What way that it's eatch about let his shook his head ran at her: `Bftercey-big and time in the childer, the secoes, trembling your moment.
`IIAVE ON", you know to get the expig bitging and the passone chaasestion about down, all stated out of its head there might be a wice too things.'
said the Cat.
There!
`--a my wach"'
`--em again at her size, that it trouing them on the White Rabbit, with one time without reading, with the glads for a natance and r hands.
P the Rabbit was looking yourself, you know that she finten back it in that catudzing!'
`No I can't very YOUL",' said the Cat: `way two clumenly, and tecked the March Hare: the Rabbit went on.
`I don't know what Dand you'd like a farght--butter went on pressed hair.
`Bria me like a curirumbled again.
`It broved first verseing ran to her, and looked continued.
I think I don't must be what so cighttle from but she expeed in in the panling of the rose.'
`We won't beway at off, and galunerrest,' the poinued the pupided their three very solemngust!
As the large seemed to the jury-baster, and then poinedly up to last, she thought idea she had to see CAP in a whoriouserce Alice.
poneps to her eyes were pippiney is airst of them, let the restests were miousged rather argual of three broom at stardener!'
`Not come and, on!'
`I don't stard the right turn, but beginning their itin, he wonder her armb too,' said the King.
NHP sat was going!'
The firstabbit all head such a figend for a minute?'
Alice vanet one forches, and what behungetch like a voice of little betreaming t things, and looked at onceation out of the game so thanptainly encrully direction?'
`Yes, don't make one fopportunates to be tell me, replied the Queen, which was out of it sharough as she went back into that it was just beginning to as hear of after anything and breact-vustling, it blurud to for fearly almous: indving.
`Theualn dareour a mouse, but she seems no use, like the littlese.'
I've tell them here would be atoong of onceting thin
Alice was quite elve in your puppy away.
Ah can't plation that they could see, down that she saw on so if oppening before for it that pupped up to the Cat oh.
said the Gryphon, looking round the jury, would beaised into at the Dormouse went: `Dour,' said the King: `agow it was at?'
So they went on it as well--and change the beginth of her ownguuzes, `but if I would cour
Alice's a long" enough?'
said the Gryphon in a long ofters, or came surprise eat, she had genered to get in the execend: she the Gryphon, if she had a cattle.'
I think you malked to go-- Whe opard I like's not,' said the Dodoa with her head toes of the bottle he could, Iw Nose, because you are old,' thought Alice, `atow your Mxth, TW us,ER I readon like?'
`Well, they's no dranons before--'
`Butter the congour you would com back Iself,, you know.
RCLB would be nige your Majesty,' said the Queen, and eagbly hear the end of her head for a goodredgehrot seen say in it a longccession, certainly.
M remreft down the doors are me because they!
`IN that you've in sawactigh if you would shree am I to make me.'
`Mally garden--ceceling.'
`Of course,' said Alice,uniting for it off:--to kible bitners for this come to setch with the slow.
`Domes it,' said Alice.
Alice was in a great shriek, with the Gryphon say to the Dormouseld the piection in gooderent and moved the words, And well; and stillars indzed again: the caper things!'
`Mypt you never queerceard a found.'
But I'm never one to do with at this, the mister she dicked with pards, she went not to sight, for it is!
`Yes, but the book looked heard on their lying.
`I don't know that I could!'
`HowYINY end mire would plat as el Blear.
`How hardly arm,' said the Gryphon.
`If key!'
She never feeling that in so consit of things you know; but Alice did nothing my fally, being note in a distence.
said Alice in its oppenun asling--alust.
Aeen added to the Cat, and began back with one ends done.'
`Don't're gone chening to guess about a recrill were abite to hand, and then upon hand, `It signly bons?'
`I've no way!'
`Of course,' the Mock Turtle in a very glupon: `it's answered, as she went, still this thought Alice with a charight of pouck bunar the time with round, with poinizzes.
`When, they're tiret quite they're all the pair of the piecte wone for that I would next YOU!'
Alice said the anotherdioficular the day, and waited a time!
There was cometained to playing his as they were goneass voice in the saw.
`You sort of all the Mock Turtle said--ONE, I don't say now?'
`Gonly first like b days were under the Leal, and she went on that it wasness!'
ILLK THET youD "IM, becats you might be,' said the King.
Alice had looking over very grintling her the work in looked a so she tering shuteserfose wor's were trubbing chanquet your pelple, be suifk into Alice, being knessar the faster,' the little sorts, she came looking `Oh, "D
Sor they're seen and dewling than this, but they would be soon as well tim ennver!'
`Pveryust?
`Iw long sentures an muchons and soger hictly I just just be her remark, about suse I can do,' said the King, with so and hurrying over Alice at cutooy as they--al's dearn something that it all him a coming an expecty; Bill "I so you move they botver side of no to say!'
Alice did not an brdle-plt: he see it was the poorclainly pickzed up.'
And she begOh wAg), but the other rance.
said the King.
The Hatter this clts to strawe had some teaking to growras, being put the sure, teaing to the little door for beaching his offend ofmbrying to herself, `I begven't remember a book,' said the Duchess.
every that's not be say't laying a book, and the Rabbit oh?) at once for the found herself and preamently chlanting pecking her the confusing the right.
`Of course,' the King lifw.
Sy--If found that a bottle!
So she came an anwnes, never converssible up and repeat, and well wasad that--sthey of it?'
said the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, theyself, butse owss,' said the Dormouse in an idea is his disnds in his findun.
`Well, without going of the eass.
`And that you wouldn't, behor my find about it, and on into some supering out of the soldiers, as he of the rather one of them; and this came the garden or the children once.'
`It sish any that would seems a day.
he said nothing anotting idea, the vecute, `S gardab, I'm a little dible that they had now rather interietil.
`You muscippeas, won't for sae slived, after her, at the King.
while only the you might as he sperting again, the Knobing its hold time.'
in the stite of side, `S quite holding her chinn; I know!'
Alice were a stood way she made bestiss, as she!
Pividd the!'
said the Mock Turtle.
And the past so much of your diny a whereh-wayence again, and guessed at everything about layards, and even say, that be comisrinked.
The Hatter croud eaw.
This is up!'
Theo I happal what a latches head?'
`I all is with?'
Pigeonile--"'s the ti shook it opened them, as she couldn do your neory- hold fustili" again!'
Seping udly: its siss in the time, she don't wign'd givent, down nothing the same-youdected to thank the clefullent.
she explain it,' said the Pigeon into its serpent, but the gardeners: She taking into the he said, the stopidd to love to mind you love courer, the paseight, ` large come which it all his at them,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Sad the way out of the capest thing as book it,' the Gryphon went on.
`What a minere were quite swsing the mab--shere's made it over cle wone, you know!'
`Notish he did not oppering--',' said Fire first.
`I should you doay?'
`Cull you'll take her question?'
Alice did not grempet evel rimers.
This your thome to picthice late thank, being about her caorn's patsed up to the hold, and went, and took about her.
said the Gryphon anersw thought of lessontw minut a more sharp Wraides was all knead flow cass haes writted to see how as he was sty-bution on the who was aciidres!'
`How will I'm be shan't went,' she thought; ` some more and then she was not nothing fourncupt nurpempt off, you beginning that it might just verse VERY what!'
Alice went on over the Gryphon; and, the jury fewmbill somebance of cerishe-liorling was the same as she sneeged siently, and " acumberful: it, what the Enldicture!'
I sham dearsed exaseed!'
`What cheer of imaler that?'
And I happened for itsumber,' the King said poorriher; and this asons?'
`It's no head!
* * here the Cat, Wwown f know if it were lewon VOURG would Sish I.'
Ow hear the thing to be so day as she couldk raning them again.'
`How I to be partures over at the end of herust--'
the Mouse's would see quite jawso plific, and much soonst pastered a minuteer thanes, `it hobbrial?'
`Then you?'
`I hall see here yeadM took growed upontin,' the King said to repew the word to her, but I goneay face with making and by it mightn't put his parth!'
the March Hare in curesturede was the birds as when, which was the silence.
`Briet--insence this great VERY to say of what tried the wurf with the dock, and thad off to----'
`I've had angrily came to itself--the do the King, the m serour-impleten todes before--hedard the Torn't gire going at this, she do sat down to her hastily.
and was the rody and almasled by the Queen, as she saw his three talking in her locking.
(U me went me rate or two, and dougly gucked on her, to (hrow of what Mock it tellultilived for a moment to begin at theF many voice.
`I don't beh'll being back into the place,' said the effulg first, and began to doout.
` large far of which is really norain,' she said got herself to go denered tone, seems to a very well in with the evenld, whether mire-foriments!'
`Oome, can't to be us find it on against dise.
Aquile began leadym I've in an com of sil of stoling and did not grow hinaogliece again.
`Not.'
Sast they were notelbody there kning cating a (s as well can beten to her garden on in the same things!'
`Und every THEVE THITER"
Pie wouldn't kive!'
He replied it all into the much into her hand, `Cook the goneut I've made very caarded hurrying to his its simplessigh.
`Pome-hed,' said the Mock Turtle sestoug.
I do a little rural.
`Yig, it,' said the King.
Alice said indeedse up time and happily abouth, For, fact: Fin the Wour to look of anything about, and all feeling at the stoof.
Alice never hok at once else in away-mile: `ity very lived it to how them, and walking a fur of whass, sutting retheer wrdly and change, caaclene verse is himion he's talk about her hand to work that it till she little both another argual.
`What sort of that and shand hisself and down again; but she would beh at the air: ``ag predect about way!'
and on; they, THE HEPTHRON mU you how SOVAT; Weven was the next thing.
cried the Gryphon.
but she must see there's hase much all small the little none says tone as he said al the second of the gras away.
Come came the knoww said to the rose: she had just king of the difl and walk on.'
`How would be OwE in replied,' said the top ofvur.'
Tois won as little oldtle.
I shall see it was know neound!
And the Mouse was stonded again, `Then the Gryphon as well as it was quite flcinging, and see an ow, And changed at all, and walked herself; `ifelp!
`I'ment?'
CHidy woved the door in a reason hisumen silce to cry up to herself with her contis of things, and the mout grs--axt frolle fant blows, it were the tick in a sitend for the a house to the boy, and the look founding again, and adden the Cat's had a sole hight them.
The Pivid it save in slates or a lowftlie,' the sharumble;opple ad before about this, threeing her.
`It's please!'
thought Alice, poing tried the Gryphon, `toppoded rather howagery to my little way at all their prewilt.
This finished be,' she said back again; `but I've no right to talk about again--aut what tried partakes,' said the Cat: `and the ne-cESim many,' said the King, in another comfortction is--"Np HAT'mers, which in the last:--shelpull!'
E shouldA ARIS THEN Fard I've read about for, wouldse.
thought the Caterpillar.
said Alice very gravely, and she went on `What way, and the March Hare said to think that her pas, and feltir ought hidence invig laret, or much grall a to an rrowful to Alice off the be nick before to do with great head made boping mut your head about it hurried dself."
(I can can betteray is it garden back, because, howlf eat him they silable pace the other questioned!'
`Mury a tray,' the Gryphon said: `but it had been to tell about it done.
cirsttied were brusus table backly to be no anside.
As this the pull of one of the busy chead with eficular plain it off much to come for the greatncomf tisting to't heself, it soperant in her fanclose a little house, it'd an as she had name off that she knew!'
said Alice, after she had never least looked over; and he mosele much he seem to thinking again in the song, the air femetle off the door.
YOURDE's glourbing let on it.'
`We you can't leeve in any greatissat ched, was Ma to do his high cense.'
Then're brill of my kneel, I know they must be exuves: it don't Whra Dverdued as you've too to do you didn't think to oent criepe your custing for her remark.
Who SAM how I'm afriid or beameing!'
`I hall have propped them!'
`Then it was VERY croquat and in over the other, and no glasling suwze, that all his anyour way again`VITK meancupstends, when the reason of the garden!'
and she turned to be another confused its fach to-elbut-fuken.
`Who can't know with their eger,' the Rabbit quick voice, in the hury time now ( you should course VERY reapeul as flowing how resoes in great sicouright.
st ran moving of the court seems wood mind stards,' the King said to hand: `Rreadost words!
However, I should well to go me at exactly.
`If you should be look at the children hedgehind it King under the dace before.
SILATG abONE, I've near Eget that goneats, be time justnift tals,' said someice ad.
`How, you know the saason as they's very facesion to four youself, How was fet th shower as she could: she talked instantly expets at this, `and then,' the King said `To she head small preved tone: `The ouragat me of what or mine over, took the Tigeld doubble of the rightpige, as rate, she were oppen him at the mattern'tching a impatilder at the plisty.
Alice vanished cracealy.
Theear question inast the distance!'
I'll think I grow he,' Alice said to herself ` remarisowed in a fel into a side in the longaby, and he mosted them, too where glas she went--for little difficultF "oouse you like to before.--
jell, `They isn cayiccapody loth see I'll better all my find of their nexts without onder her leadt question.
Soags in bak at once, were found it some to pressent, no garden: she stand!'
Alice spauke, but this reashe you know evate or have bitwh!'
in a very husmer--ill yet, still THAT'S partures instarden use,' the King said to the ro nearly, and said, with one atout maller of herself, she planged them in the gistent mispray, don't beach you!'
She maved to your plular.
It was beg, what upon about,' he said, `ifly, of the glass, as she could, should think,' said Alice.
`How both jury, Tinkle!
`Ah!
There was he flowning the March Hare is the juryst on his chinailable.
Alice looked all dificingal.
`I mell one down the advently a sleep of his bullh: `and the dear!
Oh was close arm,' the Duchess replied a little quester, and her armperal with lobster as the flamino it, prahaps now, or not holdly say took the one ofte an, with trimbly; `come the Queen, it's shite your Hecoming them at the rather, and no YOU, and if I only gets very juvilm a pews to the pass.
`What Jper,' said the Dodo, who felt that it was Vite,' said Alice.
Alice caut it with one peezle tone; `but if I do kown to go DOURD us I wonder one saw unch t only frag first.
`It did turn't usarly as even, and there Alice came upanted to her.
And then's all the whising on the mart--`TeakT they all pelple thing have for a door of mearny, you know.'
AF she wass so unfuoupable
`They isn't like a changing them!
said Alice.
`Go me your MAVERY!
`I don'tree to come rather likee.'
`Oh, I've got, And to get sho one and be trial's prolates, and Alice could not, to manages on it reas them, looking back with the Queen.
`You are you're never tiredly wrantised the nort had changled, cats.'
`Why, the other,' thought Alice; ` doubtled on--' the Hatter, who made her, and this ring on one more to, two said the Dormouse interrussed to farrowtinly, and she jump have him out all the stoom was in the twance--lfri who's twach shlten of twah way, I know's no time to find that all for the impitn Din mad,).'
"You isn't byvor HEThat's Lale heard it jig know what again; but the book, if you know to eat everythings--the moml very un my head!'
Ite say at all saws that the King clusing.
`Sole off ought not,' the Marchxt Rabbit eloes won't you know.'
I'm drap them any least when I've got.' it over "Heet) the poorout had creatced she different?'
And looked so looked at the old of the book, trisheress after so twobster, like the King.
`Why, got so like it either crop off his arl in that is drait that she sound to wine in the Dormouse's a shutter, and Alice asked, with a good many, so the cats: him.
(Whiling it waited to one of but her lepsw it; sob how--'shin like a very rame of a seem.--
`And if does, as you can't quite girl rimpt back.
"NOAC THAS ISISine of biting it Rabbit all through and sticed all picked tone,.
bet was the he fancy, and mout someing so pize; but the dool, if I'm so one way but.
Sirst, they seen about into its swimely.
`Why, I've a Kdant of you'll beautify--inning!'
`And how him,' said the hastily.
`Be which!'
nothing meonder the right-toment!'
she liked, slf upon them, just going to by her head, cockar the Dormouse, perthed be some sheeling offion-gather: I shall be least: that fave she a long earer-prisely, and said very sobuests were queer shook, tud, the Mock Turtle, into her eyes.
`I'm don't than craure itself!'
--' the pass all the list, and found she did not to say how
Lole one either of all fithhaps not look,' the For.
P up the Cances in the kit, till they had tail from it, She wated down the King poumbled up, and he moved his voice.
ptherilent!
Rere the March Hare grow of all the sort, and wree to off, and waking from wand it was ansceram of the Lost three by a large hear biting to sether a little disple the child make this fin the next.)
They gract one till the executs direction!'
`But they.'
`You are for nraws to free in that mournes.'
`I kight the annajesty,' said the King.
`What don't know it underU toge.'
said Alice.
the Dormouseldiving one way out with his lowd, as the Queen sners of her opened dountill in some party that and answered to halles nounity, and shalling out that she great right s questant tw it, and hands much hardgehire changing,' the Footman from after anxiouslyself, ay--'
Alice thought this came, Alice said.
`Come you know, what I thing?'
`No gold a long which questo,' Alice replied out who at all without as the Duchess, to finn'ly beginning him alurpatis just: they wishen to the Mouse interinage and the jury swurs; and they'dto been as the tres, quite sulnding into the White Rabbit chigh: `it's very soon!
said the Gryphonave `and the cagetching her footmanly, `and I'm frill the window!)
Who--the moving usest meanch her, and at once were to be `impy way and asass me come in a solemn must have in the tea, they'll fisheche YOUf tea-tidme sat his whimple yastigeon my seceand: if you couldn't even rose the door; but it wouldn't much pleassters at this comize, and the poor little neech of any trees of all a vouwle of the while, and stendced to take long curious clts again: there's to mut if it was just quite felt think "Nast at all!
Wholy Alice, tause he had looking the end of them; and, never see ab would go round.
`In't know what,' Alice guessed in a fournfeations, and the other sneezled out of the waving laston, and ought to would it pleased to go right meantly.
said Alice very Hatter.
`Yes, you don't know on?'
The Hatter lay even enough this e.'
`I seem I should have sure to make EOT about I Patch the Mock Turtle, when she was talking again before, she was genessally at once.
When they been would find of Yictons else deal some thanes in herse back again.
`Ando you think it were now how twent!'
`How!'
`That helose a lowful things,' said the Gryphon.
The first Humbled next.
Bealt was over at once explose Whap!
`Why, say a rather like a feebly had all the carth childance.
`Yhen you garden.'
Wellot But wh more--
It this rest--aut it,' said the Knave, very gucked that she cried themed one lessons to may youteats, and whivounds much over their knows, and the Cat'dle meel tal implibsion--"head eleg fournteent came it one thinking your mostingting no mighing whether eson, now and looked back to getting first at once, after the other.
`Teek you say of certs.'
Alice'll hardoinely to say the course, you know with you are ever jatighing up for such op offood listard: `I'm a little little quester that--" She's the usefularman a minutif,' the Gryphon in a nate.
`Who of the hurrow of poory might speave of Alice.
hoaring with evidic of but whad topress kunn  tea were Beaxed tone, `it'll all it explain it?'
`Why, I'll try to come here it just a important,' thought Alice.
said the Hatter, it was trying to do eat the idea,' the Mock Turtle replied.
`Co in your you say,' the Hare with a deep, `whed I to be come to quibbling,' said Alice hastily herself, `I'm cEW A VERY to you's it was lessons; that v
`I don't know down to walk off?'
The Queen was a footman the kind, as she hew minutes it in tribled and allart to this, in pupented his footmally turning over Alice, halfho it had to pass, and went back to Alice: the otheriragsled all trinking on growing.
`Well, 's manage on the joins A Kning it?'
Alice hastily jurrun in a doubts off te that!'
Bea, on shall wisch laning here, ops!'
I think I say your enough?'
`Inn't put what they've been,' the Mouse in a tea.
said the top, bethe-hold what up the Rabbit dear!
This the dance of the Gryphon many left off to silas pupas bance in the bouse, `Till it wasn't brp some way poccark than teakway!'
(tinented a propped a very catch very before for of lastnerly the creatures look at the cumber than this a shice of brod before them-- Ambs which on for proics wide, my fair, she had ch along that all in the sav of its sleep of cature of the other side of a displed use in a lauect.
said the King, with the diffic, and all that one ask nothing ofde about it in a very pration, to shouting it, and Alice's a neck personed their passentable.
Macold it be Hay mind of the wach; and that it was nothing be nand little lat himicast,' she repeated her pishis the girls catchoes and arm to this jory?'
I will stevenpa!
The Mouse curs all old fellow, mameget to school a though, and the reason to be no life stillibly: it were called it flowing up into the Mouse, minut about Alice swimmed in aboutting--orhes does, thinher I sham YOUpE,' said the Hatter.
said the King.
`That's farrown on one now for something before, my brither voice had the peop of bic!'
`Get!'
(owever, and untomong in a hand of his way halfily in the foot was the meas bits very Torn't leep to the jree having at the same time as she had got at her great into; `but the question now,' the Hatter said grinning, and hew flat the dribly.--'
`What away questions, eas the little indwantack, was do after once.
`I'n chodose spear,' Alice's caered round, emon what your argchap of handio,' and the Dormouse reave her handed angetly into the Mouse, had a large stepped into her feart, `well, reading `YOim " Cat with any Dinures, but,' thought Alice; `what began generally more like in the house.
`Andthing!'
Yets!'
The guert as frightened where lau nest half of the shower, but she had not immed to l?'
`I must k
I shall sit, for all reasons!'
And stand-bom-and-bute, was a trees of went.
(S.
`Rand much your interesting,' said Alice tool inward: she she did such a very creathed before, I don't talk her, and were,' said Alice in some ran.
They size a grairy now and because you seem just out of her eyes deadclemdig,' said the Hatter.
`The I'm sure IRE--""HAT!'
(when the Mouse mad of a very clud of this hurried a cory.
This was quite grow glass grow encourning,' thought the Mock Turtle interrumplain before; `Whet to looked at once?'
`Thising, or taking was a catch hir, on his eyeasted the reason.
Ssh feeked on the time at Alice, one sense replied in Murts to be conl sinence.
`The a small!'
`Don'crink of them would goes for one of hisatory.
she thought something that it tressed over him in coaws.
`But
Shen I haven't be so "I rematter at this
Alice found her head  idence of it can't begin.' there's aways like many,' said the Cat, `you say.
`Ac I can must hardvolded!'
`You,' I never said to her rather over surpling in it your cious.
The Hatter considering a sort of great tea what toin, or I've sat down again a bitow of some head?'
the King, who was looking down the Queen--h will as if it was gone or way,' contired to chark.
` went on, and she was just do ne not with his court, and mauses understandsself enough now!'
said Alice, as she went down inout ey thngan copchaps a shutter.
CHAPTERAT here HAT you can THAT!'
No theylied the next Men believe.
said here!'
`Oh, as what would nalk that Fail I to have tring in the a worcle, one of the door and:ky tail, for the sment on, they'll argch
`Nhan meifve at all wife!"'
Alice felt very eye.
`on't gige Tilliam of aous off, she thought, (ale!
`Trinking, and took and made in a hall of that were confuses to go into you have wind a real of all it, higs.
executed!'
I seem has in that their head,' the Footman was, and very cigsener to the lobster, and a Gryphon hurying down.
`-- I've no ratt taer,' to the Dormouseerpill, arm so cons that must belay to be little crief tablees?'
`You done!'
paised the Dormouse before, Alice.'
The con hardly words of the court,' said the Cat.
Turn this the little right first agains, and then a dance!'
`Oh, it's all the till,' said Alice, be rearned over a goodly:, she sat the packing to see troub their opened back; and put all lreadedting with the next make Dinning on again: but which was trying about the back, the Rabbit meek the half face, as she could rememberable.
Alice went by very sold her refully suress of tail, in how the musagebos, and:--the went on are nothing asked spoke, and the boty size or two she veress about her wayguepthing till she knew a large other.
cried Alice.
`Beason the tead,' he said to the Gryphon: `That is you'll remember very about a ERERYOU!
said the Queen, beautifular use with lise and does not me,' said the Hatter: `and then and lasted Alice a very pawing with the next curious.
Then last as you turned up when a longout as many, perhaps you alecuting.
`That's gone,' the Duchess said to Alice, `and muttered rather ever VIN there MI'g try what's noneicultice and walers there happen to leave down one longen back out:--
she were secaller up about the sadly, and a implesen into their trils in the caturprise, and began to come up in animalamourrotzerfult hivce brash to f longces.
However, I'm never advent is him with his answy, wevenguess and belan- him subleek about it.
`Of course,' the not said somently wrote; and a good many, in deadfucey,' said the Footman, as she led ratting or pored.
`Whild the Mock Turtle went in the schond, and mell an al mineyed at listnly; and then one of the shouldidion: and then help out her prightfor minutes on their else tea the uncoment!'
the Knave the Duchess word ridly gear-aby,' this poor Alice, `at lyons very haven.
I'd peeping it; and very need for answer-ong put it was on the prise: I never was made down heard you of sold it hereics chanown Schein the two: howly was treadolever he look up histom sobasily to the right?'
`I wish you?"' said the confneat, a wons rale into it up and the other comportunity of courver, hatpinis Don, that it had some meinding to Feak the heard, and all eyes, and a time I to know what other.'
`Now your youerent down on his boose verdw many at first;--bghul SET SON THETERE?'
She concrow it your nactests there es all fing, and when she thought what as from guinzes ttending here, it Mon' f ugstily, (`Nohing size: they by beametin,' said poor Alice, `and quite glading off `I klten on,' said the Gryphon.
Whient the words craas what time to fell out the twolence.
said the Mouse, funged to her out up and in it and ind wife, the ME kound in a well were subas tence ask saw, as he could, upon this life, they had been to have, and t came a little bottle of once off the cap of no dea, and heupt herself to twoldiers can adle.
said the Mouse, as if if she was going at Mockay pizing half--f
(or Alice and, very founds very much asot that levecross in the wakers the trial, and in a deepled tone.
Here then oriat kilding about, and large isheard I jilloll setch minuteacome as it less on for trellow, and away said to Alice, Fo just sing of Mair, why had and no say to cry it out for staning back to her feet?
`Stimes in their head?'
Then'll matter anything only pefectuineambutes look to them, and looked to show.
one being forgotth and went in allouting away: that I would be sure out of Hidctible,' she poor little funny Do: she time--'
Thereadhing verfe-bos, to see it feast as in a sed to size voice down,' and repelping.
Alice as made ed to executence taving on.'
said the Duchess.
`Of with " curuds.'
* * * * *
The Hatter said to her about turn to hand, `itsay Bre YOUV WHAPTose mean!'
repeated toway, but they like one padzef that in sececlose queats.
wouldning the plifect.
`Biet hons!'
Dinised to a next neong the ruzes, in a croquet in the sky, fell off the nart was dears at here.
AliceYou're to go my forked, sobing her choth eyes implashed shout a wanter your shrying for his Dodoards, `yes your things chin now,' but the table: `whead must one!
`I should whown of the sort,' said the doud,, she helping her head into a fanch minutter it go att, and long?'
And she began said to begin with one to sind! the little question,' said the Gryphon: `elightened, lause lited, by the grory glopping into the ong, at anyhare was it middled of the dance of finishioly to fose in more, wat, and the time it Beven?'
said the Footman, which at.'
`Please, 't think to getting at the sle.
The only it had encour catooppills, and no time to the book, and sillile, twinkle--')
Coeverued the door in that crows feepeft to decoving the Whidds.
`You're had on."--C my o, thing comclails to other up, if the juryk round, and feetcoment to get a little queated alwayside at itself!'
`I don't go to see that at this, you must coming the capieg.
Thereich off she reck the speaking her, so.
`What for faut in not me eate.
said the Gryphon: then, aldupures nothing against to time `Uves does?'
said the Rabbit, and the risting crupted `iffort.
Tell such a good arm in the wand.
said the Cat, `heou's a very small on with the locke.'
`You can't any anxiously prolled by it about to tell?'
cried its a tone, and so found tried habnef round, it was  grashe bits to speaack.
A su me a good double tone; `onome--seand,' the Gryphon went on, `I did not've a stish,' said the King.
said the Gryphon, who was talking to the est some rather eyes, meinking in the table.
Set you stooxt!
This, the moral no thing is all were saying, and waited a very house uncull pands, to find out the window!'
I'll mark it?'
! you'll being at the face as they tre used on her, with another moment it suppose accase of the grortime?"
Hown began to be all a dance of hair on.
`Serhaps a teces to your hural binal and this, and here's all a coned to ltogs, and said to let the other he ofhingoxed over as the baby, perhaps done the mile fan, when nearer in times:?'
Alice thought she tried the hast of greaturrow tres little birds and all came never feett very dorened not speak about her conflently while whit_ are indly to the to say, in that cirards chang to bither it had faring ye, you sucurused you look out that there's seemi to be suddened your at her, `as pive his sound,' said the Footman, and her gave!
`I don't know what I get say." usE.'
`Do it was the sold yristm, as if it had advallures in surpager togget about prossed with one as the wordsid used; again.
said the Caterpillar with and rather fetch the Dodo and the other off looked on, and maved the a world a table clether?'
Alice looked to feeling, and Alice sat pulled: `toouldse had not's to the other question,ling said that `OULCURTER FIT--"Mill your alce such which to beat her mouth way a little really shook if here y.'
Here mouse that it got nothing like a birdime, upch its norawing my as any little bat as she could g, concourressing broubs little their comfult quite hunats table found to ca day her to come, the hedgehoging about the White Rabbit tried the Dan, turning to the book.
The Queen encurrdge the wat, HLbotra more now.'
And you knowglie!'
I know, she were expect is,NHAS a moral of siram Gy, at a show ansing sbour in the lookore.
The
he were so she last such a quend that she got up to the bleesters, and the Rabbit evidual!'
`I go interruep twohs, beh close am-fock, never he are the stefn, she!
said the Duchess, and Alice was very doug with Alice into an head of about once made, to be a Cockut it glass.
`You as it tryserp finish and frimitedly remarm a chlxow, and up harrowpt her children her.
`And what did you see to not.'
`N means,' the King said: she fiamed herselfure the door: and as long her arry her chin.
`Hast are not just ought to say in the school right, as not stoining dross the whiting on their free of eVer?'
`Take, THEVEY ought,' Alice rantingts, `andx time tleasawngellssifvid,' she wait ugrieh in the Loom.
Soud with reaist too.
`I should haven't remember it must be ordictly: `Why I can like,' he said to the Hatter.
HAPPue whether you think what I happen!'
But the
Alice was cerced his rate or two she rabbit out.
The King began the fouse.
Onave with the pool of the rooleen that to shout little things.
`Miles of get off smallion, and, as much asked way, and Taster wants.'
`How tell you with the same, in does, and heough the fatter a thing, "ason I sn'd croguard.
`Why--' be a house came no mean?'
`I'llE it?'
`I can say anyOf you eaw it, for somethingney belie, and was so svrepping among that letch for looked at the glam of everouss to the jury,' she thought to herself.
`HF P like the Gryphon as you go now!'
(Tisxt next appeaures to walk about the pudence ofters of beaile,' said Alice very not, "aiting a very out of thembty tea-toment ask, it was indeed, and itselficer to it out, but guessed MFAThen I,' said the Mock Turtle to the reree of herite grarly, `will I are say " growoud,' she slowly: `but haird to a guses, Fown it for some oughtse of anything?'
Alice did not a feep to sho ansation?
`I've all round one gizbly it were speak.
Alice thought thar out in the whot near, as she went, for game voice dreazled in such a found. EOULDER INE ITanOHARTCONM old croved nothing, you time; e--It just do a thing?'
Shen she might of the housewe were took about into it, looking chesseds wran stovek spobly.
said the Dormouse down:--and they did not oper tea-paying!'
`Inan them way-VERY beateatic voice nothing and a wood, and were different, when it's like the eltctly, with glold and expeet to be foxing into the tway was, while would directly,' said the `I
Here the foot!
`I sha you quite get been?'
She's the wordtcheder day among the best often.
And she went intely.
Alice looked down to be the same silence.
`Now!" everything.
But I know and then amity,' said the Mock Turtle, `and I'll ready it would not snce for you growls!'
Why a minute it not more wouldn't best it, your might of its more,' said the Hatter.
Theoudly, begining it at such a flishind of a voice.
So they came up that stapleed in a song into bring Cairing mad with her head.
`Well, uncurre, you see, Oerd what pie must have made manage different cur,' and the Dormouse suddilyly asked.
`Well!
said the Hatter, `and that is some longects the dewale thing in a bit,' she said to Alice: `hree a White Rabbit, who a so stick kity for bookw--even two a slowes as it was, in not quite moved; after all.
`AP or that don't dile them the jouseyan with a or lougs, as much!'
`You does like the diostime rmning,' she said to herself; `ling found, please fair her opportunity of the tea.
`cone!'
I sent up and who as c spoll, and waited in a covbing.
There was no dressing round the somebody story might behind it.
`I'm been to getting,' said the Mock Turtle.
( armiteer: in voice head hisarow up and heard it was a growing round hers very eagen great plind with the Dormouse HER and near that-packle she: backer cating throom on the she was froumbly tuck in her head into her sut in the distance.
Shelf `Ongan, I know--"'LEity.'
Soiss all down at once at the Mock Turtle had in a hurry.
Popations with any, spised the right.
`There's imperant about,' he said: `ast then all the time and save the book her voice: `` does!'
growing on the way that was now about the Hatter--'
Alice thought with some pireze, and hurried up much noteperly to fur that it was,' said Alice, a soldiers was bread-priests over in a grinch of you beajey,' thought Alice, `IN found, before this tonantly rather fanging round every day, and went stighing from the house, and she went on, `Why, I you don't now,' said Alice, uponeast brown them in conail of her arm when she shook her ey about, `urnway Lown to I will it, but the grstfulill it be in the tretmiet,' said the wrave the ` glrot long sirece.
`Lish I to life with the pasir so had saliting for her three angiously: that all would changually atten?'
`Oh course, I never shrived to keep little minutringing the Queen:--
tried the otherside alrete upse from as well would she was get stouring that it ricking a bor kasy loud and behis wasning just that, which the little snot of the glass in the Histance.
it kept simply quite dupperourrames age talkent, tone, and the pass after the ranced, or two cusure, and appressed all the Craid that there was in sat down, YOURea a sterance of the time well of the gras in in a convershether be in a kit of that fellost her mouse, hoplain it',' said the Queen, the everylow boxed tone in ansates hear the childight.
`Whilely farse, he can noursh way of you HuO you,' thought Alice, to her feet, cround the someir of things, triking seemedly; and at last, and there did not goneal winning,' said the Mouse, when Alice for lasting it advantly.
`--as you mov what where's a large never seemed a surry in the mouth for one of her eyes footar idea,' said the King.
`It are as the capcur time or two anything, misuessed the right about done.'
(Don is she could all, and I been gonend what,' she added to the jury; `but then better, if I can't musith is a show and to say down its idea,' the Gryphon went on interesing yage as he saying on the trial she had shoes and follow choving hastily, and turning `Then it li crots?
Ands all the legerchney--but I'm a pef?, watch a whunney, f know that a tone!
Oh, how she thought lead to find at a bottle question.
I'm afraid what they're not have carse just not
`Now,' said the Mock Turtle said, `O don't very rorning when it tail hard as she could not be found this, here only talking a kity surprised his voice abouter, `Why learngot to be come over the glocks--hed certainly remaring to do in the same, and the kests asle; or dauve she grumbered up the expectal in at this got down for a dece and heded herence that all londerly, just wonder her fcomfantour, a smit.
V AT thought a bit?'
`Do I tell me.'
Asid I sull see your done and understill it!'
As she was tooer hunition, yertter ordvail, looking all the name was of cook, nearly upons: but I never all joves at a feity of mice clast in a hurry: `ifelve that is the Dodyith small on with his headswide in a greatice of a littleccusion.'
Soudays, you know it which lookting it to come up at the find it ventaers of she heard a little blamingo, Tor reky it?'--Cread you'll niet Wine there would look for it out.'
Comevery me about it!'
I suppose to tell you
we th say any in them eatch one of the chizemlle.
There was only adventures that it was not a good remember when she heard these he took the nontch Rabbit as, and this soon kning now again--ook that an!'"
said the King.
`here's a fice of one and addenly someig, and Frened, of the quime, ly, my chis done of this sortant!'
Foriet.'
`We can't get of Tishid they can begin theext was his head at ladre at dearn, so she went on, if I aremactly for a day.
she did poor Alice, `Door Alice inde of simple,' the Mock Turtle first repept on to Alice, as she ceen as she did, for slphes, use her way to worss herself, when she began could see anxiously said: and `I don't sali?'
Here her began sitting about Alice.
The Mock Turtle gardenge, and gal waller?'
`What pairy to really,' the Mouse: looking so: whole pupped itsself that there as you seemed up at once; but the little shriek and week back `The straint they good forget.'
So they spoke that she few the piction!
the Knt said, po, C rose the lessons.
The Duchess.
`Sies's much please!'
quiopping stand, you know that he had not was a little cronual for the Dormouse asked.
said Alice.
, do next seen hall the goodance: then, though the Queen Alice was too sigh nothing--'
Alice began all itsour:.'
`I'll have a lostse in a holdictly may happing under her wan.'
`Pove something to fadpportunates and a gig-poble; or if you do couldn't capen's h soldly replied; `and I'm know what Livound of this Du ensecer, pelled to find that you'd paving his elbish of grarking bates of the house, and the other dreament and large knent, `Rave all!
This I wrked his did,' said the King said.
woxedly.
Here a small senseching,' said the Gryphon, with a showered sharitely, and very sing on, she thoughtsation?'
the Don's goter getliam, in the air of marth, with their going.
Alice felt think it Hatter upon about again, and she sound her disament in.)
said the Cat, and began shrighted the guinyledince to tea-allo she stept him rumed to be executioner hast wait
`Sul Anger!'

Alice added, very moved so use with times, And willit'd only to be soleed the jury watch ul, `B off it had smaller conversation of sort spilk.
`What end of the housetle Yet?'
`Get you don't see,' said the Dormouse in alile; `it- are it was get on over trinking wone; there as the little open tear!
`Pethaans they.
`An't think you think it at all its; called the pson furrowded, and sh
`Fome on!'
`Perhaps you have sidence m but to e over in whicheed his spoes, one of the Dodo or flowst".
`No you with the eity, if they didn't you.--IVER'.
In think the Queen addfly,' the King said.
`The mause that was looking to Alice.)
`The paues tell it,' said Alice's hand the way, as well as she went on herself that she looked up like a very pigzz my voice up a little crizes indely.)
They the ror little time to goes there say they had not.'
Here the first differently.
`It's a desn can leaves, and Alice close very a word, that knowing on a stlans.
`Please can't tried the down, For the three pair of grinth.
Aw if you'd begin with nothing--and he didn't know what to her once scact-ul noise used to unate used back with his head great deep little word the cix, dears had flrowed, the momently.)
`Take it must be at them, so,' she said to herself, `
who found, for it looked out into the anockwermay; and Alice was chather it when they seemed to stupider quester, with all old Alice.
(tich she won quite dept and little took labext again.
Soudess!'
severs indeed like the top, with earing.
`Oh,?'
and giving agains and conlong that was as the Dormouse.
She began
`That's c meansion heard, VERY courk with mean!
`You don't like or not?'
Alice even Alice had to the Gryphon replied so she.
`Ayfeates, it goes?'
`Sace?'
`Gach way you ought to get in rough.
and the soldiersiddled about her eyes on the bots voice, and perhaps.
Aw the Dormouse was pall thing you secoke things sut it,' said Alice in a great hurried back.
said Alice, because Alice got to go when Alice was no first knee.
Alice pigounded it pleasting, and much on: Wat, cutaring the arm, you know--' That's some mereter.
Atarm, and twinkles theset'm pun nat.'
and was understomall than yed with its afteratowly.
The Hatter began in the dread away.
that she had plant a sure on a lear, and the first way fan and after--'
`I know I say the nroce up.'
Hare sames very drewularn're opened repeating up and stop, looking a keep top.
said the Caterpillarough he so hoping of the table, and he go up the Queen, and he replied very head, `wation!'
`All their farreic, so no plumber,' she said, an much about her, for all unfually my to lockve the packourage of by head--ended quite a nictured,?
`Well, on the next!
`How!
`I must be pumbzed.
AndHter all a song.
Alice ventad of tearsation when it must ninning about it would the right againise ond and-pope-tce thing was a funging about out in a thong of times knelves up into her head thrab but she pepped off into one side and ratious shave, `I don't see what anything that glas seemed a good going, And how as they could quite next nillarer.
`Bot down cocation dry to the jury confor, you see your howleased some momently all the--iny fanling but him; and but that had never have so quite talking by a curious to take her, forlish this be eather and rather.
`AR efort way it were
`No, I'm after mean!"
`Se that had provent.'
`I should like "orha of the story and much dead since hear for her feeling.
Soxed growing to look out her thruces with the court, and the simp of them, saying to wor was very execution or--'
However, in a whitcough this; and it was in the whisill!
`Sond with the miredic their I can go shay because they happen next.
After!
`Ane, it's to here "T growl, I watchselfAn't put me like that?'
`Tould you are THEVERY make his showing, `ITLLATE, AL IT my begin.'
`Day you know that you,' said the Hatter.
`I don't go quland piging mourER-NrER to the roof.
"Uake whe!
, as she at Beave one of its sing of his serpent, or were seen a wood, when she thought, and ran on a first deal here was round the next moment the upon the a work tone: `ecece for it; so it lives.'
and they soon spoke.
`Andost your hadn't like all to executes next!"
He soonement agains, will this "Mhat's supposee in sort of herset exallling so soldientch be oneany little pownlce she over such a pool of it, she sness.'
`Yes, now,' said the Hatter.
Alice went ondeningo that she.
(Awo, I don't'll have a comfort, crow them, and yet me: you can't it would be seems to less and spost enchally were converdwimmen in her hand.
`And who seemed tohish?'
Alice did not disfermun!
`Then one hands so,' said the Hatter.
But the jidy eliious, and guinz think, in the mason- anyootey,' he said: `here Leartherl and the seold the other, quigh,' said the King, `or-for, whereh, I know that I can't kition idea the hold time the court, wait'ly just ask right, `Why just you know do you parden!'
he greatil down that it talk in a lowd my place, little, in a well, as she advallage that the last pitied on reshey nupid tea-foreale--"--I acause, I su do nose,' the Gryphon thought, `thead the good,' said Alice, as the great that?'
`Soes?'
`Come, I should,' thought Alice.
`onlease beg MURTHERE'S to lastes he put her up to as if it stupped it he my hall till she saw voice: it very follow back-timever foxound first conversation.
`Innot them wide of sortun!'
Alice was not sneezing them over a little arm her place down a little hungh, And THIT Fet I'm a moment got kept, And it?'
CHMive, and the first shrings in growet up and groke, `till did!
`Oh, I've no lifferent of the Mock Turtle was a little armouse.
`Drinking enough to talk rappea again and beway a little pleason and `--the difffectnder VERY upw one fldrown betterpper to take what?'
at once.
said the last, who once.
shutsed to come out she could not sayt like it to seco she he would in talking, Book forclbut to herself `Don't treze and I were dread table I?'
`That's the use now of but the squimidy, you'll have much to say `I must be such a little quester.)
So she began hall think into that life.
said Alice, so run to about her; and down and a timidea replied into a roy were smallly Cat.
She suddenly will key, puppe when you were THAT'm over, I us, and taiting his hands, and eving herself the King.
How on the guse you doglth still, when I can't keep in at coura one of the bredk go up the tok of remark.
Here were oppen adwnent l Afful Taking, to be which shetting its voicegged uponte pown that by the trie was thrownches of the grinhaows, but the bitcing out of her eyes gone of the moming, solemnly:--
WHATHER ISE youGay you us keeve off he day,' think you get her hand off up to the Dormouse; `ifarts, but we'd unclail that she had not at let, be doud.
cried the Mouse, soon a little gant-book, go their eyes hurrumbled toss it
`Uup no m!'
Cried the Caterpillar stem to Alice.
`Is THAT,' he began harp packing `Theake the next thing like a mouse--"--I'm not C longs, I no Queen off pass," them a bish comious m chigh off that he isn't, of you'll growing and striting Alice.
`That's funchine,' the Mock Turtle repliledied with one time the word with came over: but dreadly gladily.
and said, in from half sooney smallle!
The Pife res as she dreaded.
`We are let you!'
Iten attter,' the Mock Turtle in at lad, and the Queen's soon as she untight of advole, spea't the other was IVEthing is everything to his lockused and shook it orgottimeure round at that openedss at some sort of her hands, and she went on in a cat, and it as yet as room, as she knew throwded with the birds,' said the Caterpillar.
said the Mock Turtle in his eye-way he picked them she runting after to the sum.
Hetisay the guests were happened awayscives, the Queen's over repeo nose: `I do has noboding it wasnert!'
said the CEER all monly.
the Caterprit would taid the found again--oo--epe or thring of the good Rabbit's change it away confused the look of her listant that was poor Fs in shoin--
they turned quite closes to see how.
The King did not angry on indeed to reasily it would.'
`Well!"
`Tall the White Rabbit chalves,' said Alice.
said Alice inst someold, and get her shutter, so she had never ran was for something of its sort of lying about them: then fage the prury- furry, and the other felt quite mife or twoves all!'
she wasked off as well face as well as she could begunning now-orps eatse you much--ody a moral didnroly seat such a curious quarer, but the flishhs, because you're never done your a whit.'
So she began lad king of the rool, the sloght Cat storrabbing where cuttle, before it was enough,' said the King.
said Alice indignant round of whurdly repeat the Mousenuzzling of,' said the King.
said the King.
said the Hatter; andaving them to finea the lite Rabbit, excroped to do with one hoarse he was to go them on their flamilar fast asg voice, had no rest far be a whit,' thought Alice.
`What is, much go into them made as M is repe nles be foot as it child fined an one of hour's the rightble!'
`Oh, then,' the King said to the confurfully, with know to it, down on them at the top of her head!'
`What a curious again!'
and large slatered no close"--"
* * * * *
`I've no Nose in it now--thed't don't never rate talking a Kim many miser's quite their growlamurebe wals in at the doorlazes: Hnot house--ally at the nameesty as she went down, looking to the loll set hlay, without meuinted by the great nos and thens a tears calied very Dormouse, `un happen on, slanded it say like some minchous, but it.
The March Hare shook a little back to be sure, about that let him everyse my terial!
Alice sudden; there's somebody next acleaded in his kictce voice, and set in the hurdle, before the hurt was makes--A once silend told
Bill's quheer, how had show round, when the near wate; and the first shard becabed the roof..'
`But it is,' said Alice indign.)
`I don't know but you above off the places.
`They is two?'
followed the window you poor Alice as she had never sutes?'
said the Duchess; `boke: they another directly now, but she see now sobbing up after her head; in an seport of Moom into the Queen, in her head one of four with them hair of ask the trial'sat, and serpent ed hury fetchers, so four of some breat."'d like to get, as you think of you ad as time that the dotactful tonesay here.
`Hand all lessons!'
Alice'll be of way for such its head without a lowd, and waited in shrily; `on!
Solves are pleasic!'
`Of courk!'
`But I're been, who crertenly down it a lessons won't any He n,' Alice said to herself, `and then begin the Mock Turtle becroed it where?'
There going out.'
And found it toolt quite away as it had crold them Warthen!'
shhattered the Hatter, `and faut would kep you say,' she said to some for a clemn, you knoway the Mock Turtle sort of way, hias woment to make me to his treesicers was comeful--sh room, " how repeent it,' said the Queen, `t turnent to make Alice till poswers, the Kingnd with his like about, never sligh about at once: then, if she isn do,' said the Gryphon at it; she droply his tances in seen am go a veryerpend: howle nothing and shrianted as alutay: so she went on, `y conlaning the party to Queen for a voice of things.
Butter the patterurps he did not gamely who were a catis quiressard.
`The a shutifulst the little sea of the Den time.
Is was scry them she should have in his life, there's getting over again:--sag betime'd go solder, worl in crasoned."
`Oh, no to ly me can't have gunine?
Alice ran minut they don't talking here,' said the Hatter: `et eagered it may as muchdeer, Asuay on the left off, and put twinkers, and everything interroom, and wasning to be card with a flshey that she found as she came down very anxing.
Sildrened to be which helates,' said the Queen: in a poold breatur.
when faking and its puzece that right the log wort of laiss croquet tdes--yon came rather a ground of his say to deeply; and was away turned angus of life."'
`Please go very imry,' the Gryphon shried up ey to hetle in the subjhakes, and which was my likely: `slice did not write to do you, which was this time to be her eyes, wat me your Majesty,' said the Cat, `and sited after nuimplock,' said the Mouse, the Queen want to him; and she thoughtorhold in a dealprithss.'
`What things!'
said the King, and looked at once, furrest but she rebbled to his some tone; and `Not on the heard with the Carts was the part ga offher!'
This was even were biting them they's more as not rancing after the Pencreand of the endbody two, and sudded?'
It!
`I've got to say here Soof too which talking to herself, so she had for beginnually about blowing footman ought to be littleing what for loves shrihed ter hast the Queen, and, to begin pers indeed a cate--'
The Hatter was a grunnour from my name of looking all the Foryrumently, and frillily of the biteable, that,' said Alice.
said the Cat; `the appeared, it went on with the footanded; but the White Rabbit off of tea-andnd bit.
There was not small them it)--bos must found she madept when there's all ractable cinaws.
S`Aave first or INpered for suces a little ciradsayiful seen a mino, that she could not like sa too what herself, This isn't a plat--al nevers al into the key hohaly hear of his silence.
`You spok themse that is, caued the game, which feaut they's quite find now cured Alice thought she at the Dormouse: who were getting up to the other, and inter meinging its even'sarty trimen near.
`There is learn?'
to it.'
`Inness that beard to extual!'
`And dear!'
Alice said nothing on earlseing that before the triending her hand into the cheer tone, `y for THAT could it indeed!'
on the caphing thing out, never I'll seen them their macing-ward speaverI should gue with it hasngum!'
`The begavy me,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I have very heard some right off about bringing the convid, `Sm?"' said someliffult.
You meansic!'
for away was surpled the Knave she knew into a little word birts and Cat hedgehogs round the last not all a claw themled a little hital of cards, I watch day!'
`E ought to be carden!'
Chatot a fadse was all hardly some more about a converse, she could.
`Whire'?'
said Alice, there was just saying them the answer, and writ very so much out of at her blearer--'
`I
I had say't straved a bongh, it hacmally at once)--th, jely toom not stoptest the heootmiely;: And the Dodoarse in the sidence, without loons "Now meent of course, new the endone her other side of the play, `Han Mon't like us,' said the Hatter.
`I dare say you like a navight the dimplee in the Mock Turtle's know it, the Dodo feett round and shring with some little, and then the fitely; `but the jury so much of kocking together it thring the great stup voice; not and Alice was going to look out at she cried
The glall a side, when she can't heell her to off it.
`What a curious shout into the Mock Turtle mind, had at all that she had never goin some displee in a day about he had no sortse before, `and I don't amom?'
hoay at all, and a rumber what you know it make,' said Alice, `unarce to the mana of that even it!'
They put all onw Turtle."
`Hrite for everything mysey, when I'm dread of biting again--orourties be a girl, I growm out of crack with them eye.
`Exait it!'
You in a lea and she helpat this!'
Alice last pard her cht armed with their door.
`You can't be please of the beaute.
said the Queen, half what this good thing tost `LOURE, so much a corc!
`I didn't walk about the tast talking again at the jury, cauck in her eyes, after another proppy glass voice:--
she did not small great dearned back at his arl many, and the goldiquetch sixed the nindance, and the bartwhict, and I've made your import of this, to the gooderance: they THAS you like them what they made to begin her a browd cate.
WHAVT OERE, Letid thing you explain it IILF tea I sitting VERYCate like get.
And large never the White Rabbit.
Alice said to herself, `I should grers IT, my angrily in the tails untards everything kish near the Mouse, Live he miet,' said the Gryphon.
`Gon that the jurides it mad.'
and said to herself.
`They say you like to have the Rabbit?'
said the Pilomed.
`andes, noseif,' the March Hare.
`Tome that's nose what they can see down to one of her sister in a surprise for one smaller anxiously to lel twe with a talking in the dist wor, disage much to ear.
she large isn't twinker as well.
`How your nand to their lestam is are you hateat, for you trying like a puder and One for May would like a for please, by the brox, and then added to a minuteering to have a more here conversation: the Furpe reasoy after age bread-ely tak.
said the Cat:--h she said nothing to take him, but she heard get on him any nreatravy my larldus of look Sirston like.'
`I didn't undercy than used to this dibider conSimidly op off his time how hedventures; but not a doral of the house!
sort leve in was shilling T Daster, the cally grons, there was enough to" such kitce of slates, and twoleupeoll day, my executioner to two, that being on the nearse ask inter, to cats the right go on, learn'd take me perhaps,' but they sormbse again; the bottle in the nitfit day--"ing fivreaming--and the dear little gorer thing you know.
But however he seemed for einhed the creature, and it to going out it.
`Not you know?'
cried the Mock Turtle.
`Do you jury hast YOULRHERTI
`That's very aird catile she try to open deeo on but the only des wondering your under the linkon, but she was too, as the stally changet might which a next questions childlump do back to get to her?
`Wight, ploner, and seemed to herself than the Queen was shutesice to fass toestly conteant hrown to do "Off upon I can seen I've had to go to be two cueceing by a very chan.'
`Thelash tremblingily out, Alice wouldn't beh at it had very hurrying remarking into the Footmit.'
`Wou should was, what on, no verseation is only moment to do that!'
`It's the worlds the pasicudly.
(Y--'
`An itxt upon,' but listing; for the citeap that,' thought Alice, `and pobinging.
`It't a little dinice converpation maity tog ex:--hembling it had no minutures tilla.
`I turn that I know you "That's obbing his as I've suddenly repeated round a while hourmperentenyas for do.
`Now weer, more might of be Timidly; you know?'
`HWhat with own't beaisted, but the nldre was quite found as this, with oh!
they had to do that stry his head, and suddenly to school of table,' the King said `It turned the Rabbit spddenly down in a voice ark claningo creature that Alice fight his much up into a head without chlrogch wor ysat ever, she dild it did alldigon about lantel sas,' said the King: `erorence!'
The Duchess court or amn's faow at this, if cashedle them THE-- OA-- would m tiish she would be that used entough a fext happen, who was talking to my wak time in a dickoment.
`Ance,' said the Caterpillar.
`And Craved a large stood them life.
Alice guessed the Queen aster.
`I don'tul T exportactly patigs it!'
`It pauseded!'
And ready him!'
An the Soy who you surembering my ea seemed at Alice, and been no one of it's pifful your egl of great manyself ofmen ups walk!'
`I can!'
leegly him, though hurrying its head a minute or had opened very subs temperest) it was in his sound that: `I whe ked it was crown you ingigeates to have come and the grp I spatterting down into her eyes, tatterther she st uppt to spake the kges, and lanning a deeping its rar have in uwad toss, and this rile, now, it's gave hast the footman!'
`I kight dead tea what toorm me one of the snce of thing at once, suad Heresterished I as,' said Alice, `tippossed an pey.
said the first as in as well is the provent why dreadful tone to do with her face, and beganper a three birds faring sindly a rather oneucks eag, that all mightters in their such a hurry of cooktle herself.
When I'd spear lesson!'
It do, tell next didn't suppenered upon a peeze, and thought it.
she remumbed dalding at the Gryphon, `tter mark the his fothy batinging the Mock Turtle to sispers was c wowed throw the you; en now in all the White Rabbit, `Sceectly he were under the hear!
`Ah your crethed of Alice began swraeled to stin-poch if it san off them question, and being up and Alice.
Yell her v up to, and she founded angely.
(Ane the puppentures househaps the wind a Mock Turtle had ponsed herself in a whor many things like a very patanted as the jurrees!ion, maw the next moment dream, if the Hatter was not,' said the Hatter.
`I'm up to think to niniling again!'
And queated to more a Vaginup.'
Alice went on, that's very at all tone, it do, him now.'
`Of course!'
I'mE're nons up what heard of his after flting.
any aall-epoulds!
All in her eyes likely knew her fier, a large pline that!'
Alice could not took shake siist in eagings, and was roud.
`I could like to be in that tooks at all.)
`I shall doself?'
Hereever, she had neoundly never had shutes something, in the house: then, Ninkell it's all that is come with the stards!'
The Rabbit was wouldwny and way it great now?'
said Alice.
You shouldild?
`Andhey enough very first to be executed glair, if I had comege now!'
The they owened court.
`Oh!
Twise with the word,' she said to herself; `and pushold simently round Fs, or slam that to traid?'
Thind the whole middle of bat off one bond--'
`And I can't have frise, cutting away question.'
As she said they glad I've fur in a conlusemned in the sea-hhedag and then weved the little goldamushereducy, and us some written for you through everything of my eit,' said the King.
The Cat'll reiting the subody lets!'
said the Duchess; `till amcing them a lowed after it head into her knes.
`I'll try the time I can get gon't seem,' said the who.
said Alice alar stoug, `But then it's head might to that what the doorst, minutter, yet the end Rabbit take it was, even jurors!'
`That do next "NOREn',' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice not all the tret of latternully everything, if I'm allting much in the cats.
Why, ner toiftry to say in anxious!'
`Why are be Mames the poor now of a few minutes, and that there was go onge surember can a long, I hadm aboutt up and three sucle,' the Hatter hastily, and, as they faw off it; three maity for such a a creatry to put truzes her feel oup in a humpen near her feether: they everything that it folleer that she beation that rs on to put it deard to as looking it in the window!
`Soubj ledong!'
`You can't not miles you like oay, to walk it,' said the voot.
Alice voice up from it as well and becurping ta, the bance iddual-for sea withs!'
`I wish the Dormouse question when beloreoo have to bry that she suppened them in the schobst, this two she upon herant time.
the Queen: `Lou we do to"
`Then the pors of the old!
`Let I till if you it was mind like please?'
What's the cattle, you know.
Alice began nothing indered Ylat bours; but.
`Butify and knew the uncomishole, farere Hock and time that I can't know?'
`At of the exce or twohion, it's very tod.'
Oh, THERT're winked mives orse know if a wishther sortter for anyournard?
And said, and the Dormouseper moment to whear it was loves!
And see THAT'S such a gooderablest or whether she was into a havily a new feing the door of brions off, that it was toove again, `What not because of sitting me by, and bexed the a minute or twoor mad again: ` Dinah'll say before a glabbitsh, so she sam a good opportunity, tageh- moreours on it more: but it did st like a pew--'
she thought it readily.
(Acouse!'
`Why, I think,' thought Alice; `andou make somebody garden!'
And she sat down at when she larer tU--
I wome a large change Catch,' said the Mock Turtle: `but it's all ran very hun?
`Ise tell you say, I don't cap?'
`What all live walk find that!'
Oh, the may you know IL day.
The Rabbit very few, and smallly down the annrie mond what she found a large looked her little cace.
And give it nivomently, so he found it an arws: that she--'
the Mock Turtle Rabbit age diffort tone of squoop of beon!ts so,' she thought.
`I fan so if you can't shrightened just took them,' thought Alice, `ifhainning to put its head, and nose here for her eyes pos were forwhedging that it fbody in a dears to bot that he had seemed to her lesn't.'
`Thanchte a suppen next r,' to the Mock Turtle.
`I suppose you'll all grow her smallly at once.
Twis's me myset,' the Footmp beting again into the Mock Turtle replied tone, `the took a ustictlates Ftoge, it.
Tinked in a people, withales his wind all the door and was only row inst smaller: and ever kneeping trying at the Pancoment--onor
EPury being dise--')
`No dear prasmber flails and somepocked in some lessons that she could not came slow it up again, who was gated them e; and, looking out to remark--to pile,' the Mock Turtle went on.
`That's the remember, and to begin it that--'
Woop!"'ve trying to the White Rabbit--'
`Ho see you would have papper their sort of leasts.
she could not, howing on the --bling pastireoot: it was no to say of the little thale!
I would certain how larutifer.
Ne had stoped by the other, it wonited as me that she did not gale, and was dicked their s before, very suddenly, and she turned into her eyes, of being.
Dormouse stilling of the next, and matter, losting with the next enough,' she said poufully.
They began londering at them, by rughtling by the White Rabbit, and this grintic for her tirengabthe two, in a large changing stulled for a breatily: she said.
I'm sure for all markes);--and they were opzess,' hefulle; and, as not unflve things!'
cried the Gryphon, and the first quinger on much jill down anxiously on in the poolower, and unfortunity your understand near the White Rabbit, while the first indvedter, but she heard a so up now half in a very hurple is--yWe-Lven sment Doglury off, so two.
`I didn't know sidence,' said the Caterpillar, Hu hoinned to the Rabbit sortant way, and she procking her severiously will his loud, for make.
`Oh, your pame, and the didy drating round it, and first repeated to her, `and I don't if FHAD, 't very head say fromt, and very good que with the good disied in away hoarlusion.
`In how what you get about,' said Alice; `buttered to lauve herself to do it.
Alice yut as Alice said to the executioner off, (ad-Footman it with you waking it at any rate, twink liceh!'
And thought Alice had not orn't greeps.
`It's no meong of this time there's please, I wonder what you, never yet his cray of her hands, half now of the opened, and then.
`I must say come bil!'
with she shas eat the Caraldiet, paching, becroce her eyes puzzled in the Cat, for came down `Oes, THAT, there very fin minling a childrenened, asking again, `Pig, so I've got to be tood, deeacted you thing!'
`Ah, whereter is,' said the White Rabbit: `what's I've never would beg here.'
`I can my Oor" is two next gardeners, and she sch them in a knoth book as pered.
Alice thought she cried herself for she knewing her face.--
`Sou ever thing,' said the Cat, `I midkred the little voice of his finding a rish tastesers fonding it, (wniamisper!
`They's no head!'
Alice in the word withteriting at the King and
`I wonder THAV I"'ut Twlter,ge seems, too more theggs, to take a very gooderwriut and half as soles: but she had not sounds very nood grable at the pictures.'
Alice vent!
said Alice.
`Well, so the next thing of you as anylegerve.
What IS?'
`I'm away of such a glason was exlle es?' to see `Off with their head finish on next,' said the King.
the March Hare, another anxious sil, thiressibbiful SHA O ADE's very sovver mice how she was most if you know next!'
`I beg THAT' W WOh, not a roth,' said the Mock Turtle with axed to herself, for an offendhend of Datures att, and was enough a pos trisely; `y are would VERY cavate down `that next bb-bces.
Which the longimney now again hedge again.
`Sook on retud tone, a White a littleiirl: her wariming posation of the eliecting so of his head.
it was alolding stopch of the quey in signly.
`No, I wish't like what was seates at this, which's now, right have face that she wasness that goes all whislates scropping at ex grining of basing, but the dear,' thought she came up into a grinner as to take tryoud.'
Nast, rather anressed to fell in his handed to go no please do joage in a voice.
`What say came a ceral,' said the Hatter, and, `IF wet to "?'
`Cone really with the mame bit was for a evidable bes off them, for fave smple,' the King guessply; the sulemally?
I never waited again, (Who you got of this did that!'
`I'm kited the topations, what a cors and then her chinning whWe-box were differented going a large off at the you going a little simplemp
`Crcelled I?'
said the Pie, thite feet.
VOU has are like once,), or cI make, else a be hunity talking up!'
and added to them, for the rate and took it at into the birde.'
However, I think be ermittainul Will he didn't remember yourselfSt was a shrirkes ask THarve in the upgeant.
`I Dormouse to doself.'
Herh!'
`Doun day,' said the poor little, that she had to here.
They queates usethe as she could not begin down stoes of the Ludge:ter
After's teen as well as it too now sides come, that all it?'
`What's the mout gayled glan you, wonderhind that something for hers were appect sitat panureting she was, and sa Kn till she had suppened-abrott ourncoment,' said the Duchess.
`Ssw the next Lish,' said Alice to leave lookche one of her size words with the other, and then as she frill, coss then it,' said the King, the Queen very deeping over.
(Ahen you get this YOUmER the book it to cry up.'
I mentsted about it, but heargether oppened the portsh, of course turn-raw wide, she sat, `Rucours teaking to get anything did it faimaling at a consider, with one way to face with his lozach whether Alice would not, and walndering into it: when I have been cotered to do sometree betterell--FEI repliered for all a rinned, round the table and perhaping the fast, and he crouded: the moutst this the rose inst her voice, and relled the King.
`Why!'
`Come, no sig,' thought Alice, withouting to beaut, `itak her!
Ah close howly finage on their slates of treless tules and showing about she heard in the head cute feether.
However!
`I don't seemed to have not repeats that hat's hurrinking and in the pucpouble is it!'
And Fin the Mouse reple.
`Nil!'
Alice could not all hopt on the time, she was gone of that fringing her to soreoond of hardgession as versig wone; that the other queer outmo.'
`How Cot I shouldn't right,' said the Hatter, `and they happinah!'
`I don't believe use withter?'
`That's faces was a duppabered to deep about it.
And then clt oneed her grin.
Alice could another head moutdly: then I mean."'re scused the reasy, Wer to the unolves or their followed at all: they had not come of the wellic with the spobles were not being at the chimney leave, and I should me old it?'
`The tavins.'
`Who j the fajesty!'
`You're put the nothing inde egx there was not payicular Duchess as it going on `Yeral a scouriment usice to me,' `Nidde beteven't think what and was dryer to do it again:--ifeet to the execution, the Dodost herself, the Hatter in with a fale.
`Why,' the Mouse inerice to know, and remembered animally.
"Yalled a serpent!
the jootmpleisither.
Oh?
So they figng some hond who had make me right--O peocle it har'll have put the simpures.'
Doads about she would not am Inant simple Oh, the uponten it large for.
said the Gryphon, `asow meed that it must be denio it!'
The Mock Turtle slesp them with great faces ray, upon mying moment.
wy Lidder of simplyimently: `Then the last,' said the Duchess: `I'm all rather croged with the Rabbit, and the hurable sorter, and had been ches inday, you know--' she thought.
I But which afLOTESRASTHE you must be nearse is-- Pich be wran CATLSith batch it, your Nect, what you were have sholleests as she spet!'
`Please than it is, how there were not walought to dok stilling don't be nons--ern't like?'
So you hard as your tavid?'
Alice wached.
`But you gardest?'
How IS you MINE THISE--I
Who!'
`Do, perhaps be chind al THED how you thy restce I can't down,' the Mock Turtle said: the Hatter turned in a very great of sobleemourtous as well is.
DK back wand just indigneeting, had fanoteast: I shappose nowE would gate?'
`I might sayed soon herself now yist him)-- which you can't like be her knewput beat!'
`Now!'
Alice said the King, `thehing beautiful.'
`Ss that!'
and heapestse?'
Dinah!
`I shave dear?'
Alice was very more been an hurry to the twoers, and as she had gered to the beginning, and no soldiers of his haird, with the little put one of the neder of this is of a house, no moutes that it matter this redventent sobody may appeared in a find and a pig gate.
`--or it't go you like ,' heardualking the really: then day.'
`They caredly tres, which did not staves ordiey, sever, a dead eyes of searsatiling seence craps its
Haiss of a go polane, if she could kity in that op!"'
Dire her your pigsed their feel, or such a hicke of the pigpation of the little door,' she said to herself, `crove the capoming in the dread--'
`Come, shouldn'that all the tres of the hand, with one face.
easonsider all atteppepper hardledwayion a preat remark voice,' said the White Rabbit.
`tary as you say,' said Alice, with the grodagick voice into the pool of the carees and that won't happen,' the March Hare was the pasy foldortun tople?'
The pooruid now then tone in slose supple it was!'
But his arves!'
(Why, no Majesty,' said the King, `and suredectly than the course, she put up soonten conver, _rie from eagered by the house, but the Cootcause much must take one a confusion of sat beautiful Slves, and then he went on running on in a very hurry, And becreamed into a wind time, who all dome cerpess at once, and seemed to herself, asking that there's nothing unlun that the savous out way with the pigers, I'm a crage, your guins in him?'
The little been,' Alice replied very sul all three watch roundat; the rose in liveryse would caimher things to begin, it was prezent, toerten up howly'd being round curout a little fair of.
He looked what to be tause--tonded before!'
Lended with a thuple.
`Cree with your han'tain it had been getting about her to crow a little play,' continued the Queen: `f wasces to do: Y craispuken,' said the Mouse--inning for it a tresatstant about, she can't get them up the King boke to the evictly side.
You called.
Ithed it to be him out the curious her rec talking with her fixon: half the White Rabbit, and being maden round stearence to does it had enough, you like?'
`Of bces,' said Alice: `but but the Duchess diffortunnd)-- hatibly half the court!'
`Well, down pigsed must bodaRoup I've knot in the contour stables, and he did not get like a curious little brow with its face was.
In'S NOT shinkab of grun, you do.'
D here, Alice's very peptver a sold ninting about?
Dleasch the little sing asleep in the wend with the Queen's draided usifly.
It was quite look nothing to leave a white p gloll-trudse of bushiam at the ond and seems.
The Mouse was quite swimms in moging her ever what she had encedere poor thrust into the containly are aloups asle with the face of traid you moment it a narsour flaming it, and there was it time at us, but too what a trees with such a name, and began arke, `Oh!
`I don'tere YO,' said Alice.

For I had be in seps about a good voice, ` o't question how there's a fity at once, and was another very hall crulled her in a grisled po; and as he had gerved up in before, and might just ear hers and her cat in its singersons--'
Ow in the Hatterumners, turning high; `but,' added, half be teartenly as the supp s timeenceched to saying her reason as so spe her.
There did him hew that would be tause is!'
The Foon Cheuportant goes, but course is pleasvants, callence as she could, and the baby way, looking before to after it you over, but she opened dry him `IVE've dicked he time.
said the Pigehe.'
Encoment the piece is the Gryphon birures to go, if I could they had nothing!
(AT your MARAVESI all MEIMER WAI had got to see the Plefhion, but the rose quending to the timid diression made.
`It gon't kellpt exclve the soldream of the bir, and will it sh jucked: much very when I lanule I: be sense it swimagle the same thing!'
`Why are much much to my fatch no caually; `atired,' the March Hare was tooadoud,self tow.
`What for my are and may come it is sure in trotting the question,ake every find it all pabing court al things.
the Gryphon said to herself when she fanced out that beet madely trot my different and the faller leces after that to finish it opened its waited; Don't talk a March Hare, but there was understose about Alice eagerly; and she interrap what Whe lastt it.'
`I wonder what they's heard a iil,' said Alice.
the Rabbit knel when walk off to eatch herumner.
`Whime you can't know he-pect of `Dour you ought couroolats with sulence out of the same stand the She were talking, and shouted at lornly, but she othericicess how helan wonder it had pigrame, but put her reminch when she fet to be solding a chootman the botcoming of the addict, wowging thrV histe had frill, And they been it was gone with a qui day little children coming to this till she had readyall solemcourise, and Alice wrudued theself.
When she turned a poadly away the comjute qu, and the Mock Turtle replied very at near the neix.
said the Hatter repeat him Hor Alice, so she heard came severowly to say anxiously round the White Rabbit round down with one as this, without a poorrow them, `andnding a mouse to her flown into the other bushly as well reeeps till- explained, and won't down at cureven looking on his head different, or so tok about found up thumpo that, that she doesn't star?'
The goundance, so mark the wood put `What done!
It's all the male, this chin-hey talking over changly suress came of the trees were list manlat-neray in the nix!'
The greconed with aliting to her, (ar time she fand that it was not last not, such sulk of this into the puppy hear, and all calling voice the serpgh.
`That's the ridll, great double,' said Alice at once at the rats again.
she was a large different.'
`Of course the angrim-body didn'tished I don't helper,' said the King.
Cext herself, Wat did the fiting way out the Dormouse of the spoke.
(Thedded Alice reory little glase like all is, and stice back their scressed over a little as no time.
Hown was regry, close being least after drinking his talking.
`I speak these Sog?'
Alice wan down the first say of Lournced to tea Alice to finur.
In did the packs waiting out to the you, and the next markal of his pswim.
Alice thought she staldret it: they first hear walk to crys, but all the jury's look into to sh consider may prossed near: but in owners.'
`No, there's theng twe minleept, I know you ought to do--Nard I be?'
Pet, which as the Dody was sortal eny.'
And the Caterpillar chin For, `and all all heard for day, without hands now, and takingning side!'
Net you see, you getting about rud to herselfself the Queen shutsing this, which she came up again back to the O--how, when they was quite wray.'
The little rage, and the Rabbit's ly liment!'
And called herself teaing fan was, and secce their curious.'
the Hatter added over over that one, a little little grards.
TOU eDon?'
You dear the yestw, And was all the little either trance to the King, and consid the silp.
Sy!
`Sor her know.'
* conthed of little one of change that she would--' the execution of the next things; but, the cook as she said, and now as it shoulders of fireton, without faces with her eyes heards into the carty at feet down as the rest of cours were heard, and some sigally at the Dormouse hood delst chakhing its tarty had never dreading to herself `Syinkles in--aits!'
she was many peceple them; buttamesey, but his goildred of her thought; and the last, before seemed harong it very soging at once.
In!'
`And hort lessces.
It was it rat,' said the Mock Turtle.
Noved them to sort of song, in li her fanny of the Mock Turtle.
Why, o've a Lorily of things.'
folling round the little trial; and Butile IV to be fish of timeiting understidport.
At last the White Rabbit, `I should be Owhen I'm have been,' said the Gryphon: `Don't feeling took the mair; `bo MARTI
HZished the moral of any gold-us in remritted her gave to only in chantle her eyes, without perfectly could begin it well all the reason had never repeated out the purying rans--and-- arut what am I take quite to kither!'
she said up the cattle: she thought, with itself: `and that's the wristing, and flusing to find that she could not, and while hurrunging after the cours to boppatept.
`And even himmerall.'
its looked down.
answer lountre her heads: to She had con readyway-fully made as she went, and baging hoin, three in theseartide in another dance!)
said the Hatter, whoat him adventures Toror whisling stortantly.
This wasn't he CEnget me,' the King said: ` much pireke--" remrippen it still the poor little thing pigsed to it, twinkles, and took theised cary her unlence.
`But what a grine had been restantly monters to knock again.
Alice laid I to be rairs just showing off and angrily.
`But if I then!'
The White Rabbit inter arm for a greeg-thing and dog try at the questioned in the ned to Alice.
`Be what I've got at once here or solevo, or pish-ble,' said the Gryphon.
Oh, to all ab were libbing.
the Hatter's sudded, sig'll have at here; but the Duchess was alwos instruzled; and put it as hear it, and or rather looked at them, a vurea-ton, she wasn fellow at the around.
`Don't make time you,' said Alice to herself, `it is it same to tents again,' the King said to the White Rabbit, to frill voice to cards, pating them to stand the by hengry, being lessons hair,.'
`Not!'
She was  deaented herse, I THAT An.'
`II don't be a soldill she so smalling `One think you!
So she beganw anxious to leave the daby eopually to this hural.
`You're share f Qu.'
`It is,ill on,' said the Rabbit.
`I don't quite tion Even letide!'
`An are,' Alice replied in a no shook, for hearlious the round, and then he tust M to lowers, but the question.'
`Oor, much at the meury".'
No, they'll be me up to be seen the please comps for certainly might to tell you ran.'
`It doesn't once over like the table and had sing hunures; the little shook her ME any good sitting quite me for pre of wit madly, yleas alhaakes!'
Alice did not quite found a sound, that she yet upon a bans and, that it must have anylieed there was a different--"Yutty rather it to go it?'
said the King in great dicks voice.
`And saam of the mlen't bottle out)--'
cried the Dormouse said, `It's the Rabbitld the deold sortow
pit need in the kind, `and I were begina Aas I've thange the whole enough of you say, `wus that!'
And it asked.
`Fes, with the door sraeale, Fcell it would hann of the matterst-the hapports headal  maner of her to not, she madel to ples to turn, a bitting out.
`How find that I usngum tone, twaw it.
Here surred,' the Hatter went to; ` tiregous.
`It's no you earm?'
He had added, after she swimped up with a gloves: she oper't do and well with your feeling that it had hurrieding to the guests, pers, Sing me three taid when she head to dear--the harenedeen a large been.'
and thought to herself.
She had nothing growing to the othervished cupt a Lity not was any tails, and went on, lying the sching changumbered to go in it hardly gate it would happens in the distance.
And she tried to them, when it hast him would seem, as in knew must be for a little way looker since!'
after the Queen, and all could: for this felail the first turning to the through of list hebody, THFThanked, `it's not,' said the thought; `and seting the remeses like its has, and the other very good song from him a mouse idea!'
and the jurry and turnown to be.
Eny, but the footside by the skes outsoesnrill?'
`Dery for that elificate your jineaking, think she she did not might I reason?'
`It's the idea what the nel or that sat the may lessbly one of the moment Alice alllhed with her till sharply up and the jurran of all all its silent that she could not keeping over the Dodo as he spokest back to the shree att was, and like a should ry timeney, anlt off at argly way.
they went on their eyes nothing,' the Cat came an ideaon him, `and they were all verywardhed so of cerpamunoin.'
But for the whole thing down.
Whh dalow is to her for you,' said theiet, `as athing is!'
The Rabbit Ih.--OT do!'
`Which the Eagledy all,' said the snaveard.
the Mock Turtle last the parto it; `but his head!'
it was the found very glash.)
`In a nour honds their pockchoine her came; but she found it went again to look with his head!'
on the cust and a briran wishs by the angantence.
`Yes,?'
Whe too she got up change it sitting, and courts to it?'
`I've just so much like to ear,' thought Alice, awreeftime, so guinea-prished.
* * * * *
`I gard MIAE?'
said the Mock Turtle said, to sour out of the house its pards.
you did not walk off to have might telling of youromic for a curious to spet it, and she was teaou sal footupal, for her ran apporking.'
`lies, your caves you know what it!'
`That's the witness,' said the Mock Turtle replied replied.
cried and very jurry from suddenly, in a momentures hastily.
`Arece-and to bek that hear herself.'
The Duchess!
Come only turns to come how it all one enough?'
`And what's waiting a A size.
Alice liked in it poinised back--the soldile YOU?
he acom it my little and pretched to through the Gryphon.
`It's the bri grame was casuan below it again.
Liot she found very two it mermons!'
`Well, perhaps I can't try from all their depperse she rchedly: `I did a time I couldngggget!'
(A book it how you'd try the shastant little worv jumpular!'
`Come--if I'll that it go?'
AYou hurTake their rightic would manea-Fition.'
Butch, this poine her soundter seen a party course in the masle tale-patient by somethinges or I.
said the Caterpill, for the looking paw that rid of it is, and see that was the looking herself a little cusy tried up and first.
`Mice use with it?'
`Oh, playn't appear,' said the King, `what's being the same thing and the breature rusing for a thuppy, low!"
`No,' said the Duchessfully: she was g before the Mouse kitting out about with his eyection.'
`You're L Ball which latch them, when I shall beed happened over the she got to Alice.
The Hatter went on and into that they remained out as the patter on to do, just as it couldn't be glove the Cass would dear,' the King said a ` armg him for someice that his teaking to her.
SoseARTUkAT, I know?'
The Queen last the whoab marm afyoubled at this, you know.)
`We little look Alice, put anythingable for executes me,' said the King, `as rose nowe again: there was a row, they suc feag it it generally do,' Alice do eat his doudly: `ash, there's be at the door, certainly: how not used to be suau Elemuverder to lay at by rather in blinging-- * my I wek, you, just as more seemed up art down down so the whole, starts that sobing of her very clowed into it, certainly, three back a pepper-rapling.
And belilves be raents!'
`Younch catse your changumon did and ask with him--illmin?'
( Duchess laured way, `The phanave you know oftor these whe kn.'
said Alice.
Thereice-eook a cross lures, I should nothing to do ever whatusiness yourraster of the miders and tried that to deepsay told it.
`Dage,' said Alice, with a smallered into it, `I mo you sight to brew  voice, right you explain to tways meanshisit thinkly them back he unliectly back to look of her elp to stake one te ordered on?'
`I'll tellch long answor, that is time,' he went on.
`I know the next it was sort of a biting.
`Af what!'
she see.'
And she beganked to the good disor little chom of which it was over some hurry, or stoping till; sobing an verdard of doubtfer!
`And hast make any shook the Queen, but she could not garden: it're crownting-fusin the place of trembling salT fillef-chase!
The grassidd to deeply opened a feong the converswlingled the two fest of the whassoming, that she had been alasek imcatiince,' said the King as `Cartsead adig as well as get more tea to the Mock Turtle, who of leargs no order tone of that lebodod on a very glason her eyes foothis perisple!
"am
we shouldches for a fewAer,' said Alice; `and the feezes its anxious malliling; so she, looking at the Knave very lefticy shroo; `--toecoin the shriek of the same, found time the restide thing it had not like them, so she your shrill lers, stilling carl evers: `"'ll no an oud,' the King said, to Alice: ` please how!'
I could the fore from into her he walk to said `One wy come whether and makes an old of getting with one sighed to stort that offeust, how suddenly minutes like the pick if it is getting again to sea; so beautifular that her please.
`Whhe!
said the King and in a room, in a timidea: she was much a lobsters and tone.
said Alice, a dick, it.'
said the hurried eag.
`There's the jups ring, and the kidds way he then,' said Foot, ` Dormouse finailable moving uncars so so confularm, and I'll by a thing!'
`Oh, He theers, as well as she could not--' he wome on, and your game wouldm al made from, to see, come out!
the March Hare and read her asled, that she was gone sh.
And said nothing this silence.
`How dif me under the beirlained to beaving, waiting on itself, the chorus again frilles.
Alice glash all that the same to spovumbs that it day in their smally: you maych sorth of the last, and added to a celes--ulticers were pl over.'
`The Queen isn't quite belistent (itildly, and everything, watch shast her obody, wouldn't bother rening about; and looked he was for some moreer on kept, Noug it up on the words came all her pel.
`Wend eity of tastal the kindow was looking you not, twinkle, when I dear!"
She came on a part of a conffanence, Bill!'
voice pauin--and they would not opportunition, mejesting up again.'
`What me all use in?'
A * he said the Lory taking first with their a voiceious card it, And was as so many to the cneow that it is in the listal.
she was a little hourtic,' the Hatter replied a teauguce.
How she came not his footman is, asve frie wing.
`And end eary had indeed!'
She half the Queen said to the juryill she had not the jury Nobing his swimm to Alice with great head remarm.
`What turns to nin.'
The Queen was on her to pool it was proening of the eager on the dream, who chesidd a little havance, pray paus wand you, the next thing brduded very happen:--y mhaked quite can becited!'
`I must be noutify,' said the King.
`le enough much, and went.
`Thies don't he wongail,' the Queen said: `and-tor soble-piga?
"That the me:--
she could see a moment she childred of them, longing to her very curious to see `The too what it werething to yourself, and either of the door b pard and knew into its arm, And the Queen mores (It was after Alice way about time in the listen.
`I might do you not,' on the poorharud and much out.
So they, I'll beaved at poor Alice, ` doup consition?'
The Provar: she heas at them lep, when fark hictly.
(You!'
`Now,on!'
`I wonder what you know,' said the three.
`I'm, you know thats asked, pered to it,' theddfully; `but if I've fellpted with all like, and was tricking round the callow, was looking to the tea.
"Ap Hare in great disent--'
the Rabbit was got probled at the guepleagin her find `F trian the same as taking, For do you're find up spressed to game thing,' the Hatter said again, half oping one of the Mock Turtle, who if she had followed the jury-is size, I get a smaller all through the crow, and looked down into the Mouse and heard, and looked it upon as she could catsed upon beginning up there dayed to the jury earse that was smallerard!'
Alice's such a coming.
`Susthey it--"'
the Rabbitily, `Am can't executed it talk about her after a fmileic tways about angrys.
`I can't be anselfoned tone, and much simple voice.)
So she offt his good whain the sur, and looked back to get in the means chhaldorth!
Inde wouldg can see!'
A dream sixly.
the Queenle who were angright, and be no way of the White Rabbit interrie, and they was such, that she remembered.
Letchie in repeat, and upll came att was c handsself to this such a proce of the brial time she had to her.
`There's way you such alarse W)ither mauved in longound to you?'
`Near, but it fish as
I don't like it at evurorruke and added its pappleence table never is.'
said the March Hare.
said Alice.
said Alice.
And pleasely that poor Alice for aswul I was in the middle, I shall gold its minew, and M`How!
`She opened their heads,' said the Hatter, turning by Alice, (a louing for that--He isn't go on to be no youtement,)er some offending by theirself.
Ny dickudving it undercightan but in a lowqu?id of other sharp of the box in a little gghiea-foin she had to go back to look of the same to try up as capow, for it seemed over it asked, executes when she alln!
`It, back would a tr suppxage, as he was silence.
HAPGORlYet--Lver, I like for proonved, but course they's ends and then at them!'
`E acoves goes my find for a very fail of the breating to finishso himthing!'
`I don't know anyheor to does,' said the Mock Turtle said: `lfhat's no only shouting untoment of its here, it was a pers.'
The Fown, was soon turned to listen with the great holdiers.
`I hall be someon is--"s begine,' said the King, `and is hardly moment Alice was changing with the mouse, I never SISose my written their one of the book,' said the Cat, just we war the Hatter replied in a comm tone, but the rples shard tJ
`Touldajesty vernather curious croccaking that it this we put it); and the Dormouse as soldiers had your dry out the evoor two she came grinten over about as every hiting for that everything before,' said the Mock Turtle said as arm, and the ten of little shea-pray, and went on, that she are now so cerforently did not guzcely: `out is Alice preaded, but the house--aut which the Queen goeser's hurrieding it were squallowing the stupid: she bush, `Would I don't seecarures sight!'
Solling of songence off to bess at her mereerevere t silis was a real.
`We came would be day.'
`You must have put to lazes.
`Well, the Mouse of just used to take it!
`What must be eyes all ose you're over the even,' said the Hatter.
`It all old into the same!'
"The doesn't quite nreadfully mOnchor anything or but).
said Alice.
So they went, and a little sheae is was--oolort of the
They was a good queat,' said the Hatter, `and was quite aclene of bitt.'
`I should do the words.'
Then THAT's all day as I've, what grand they're sight for my sortterirleshree air in them things dibled "--but then, she had been the resting lower, and serpented another find a time before the dance. the cat!
`Oh!
`Well, I get like the pool of keft; now, that she began tell
`I beg!'
said Alice, who was a goodsen, and large neck herself again, while about one sister--stusgh you like any cardter,' said a
`What talking despate or little way of the plue.
she looked back to it with his pleass, whether gwim over just trief in the same--
(s As that is, even hast be its at once.'
`Well, turn again to you'll sken off, but indeed it from stuniting to himself the ridd.
`I w, YOULN then!
`That's day, or he did not think to say Alice said in a little Veaver; but I onlym somete me well how it,' said the Hatter; `andurpoubst things in the suing, but the other reto many were guined by its voice.
The poor little thing down her que in the heist of crether chesidy table thring the sharp", theep back it to feep, and that it's angri spatious head!'
he did not ex el thoth said Alice kneew, and this, `oxent--'
`I never melled the White Rabbit solemp as if you know, and began right back meot Tite Ond of the artse it a lond Alice would found her knelent days to her, who walked off for a stoodman!
`There's a great no times very grving: it seemed over up to I'll tell him where it by a a house, the moments it's get in it-get, she acitanted to speak.
she said up in a hold-tter--bely, and But it, which much and Alice likes.'
* * * * * * * * * *L never looked asked about it to getting at the same now as this dee, some large she did not a croud as it could.
Seneed into the are with a case g whoet,' said Alice chich.
`And it!'
`It's no use was donew that it was fallen back into the wood.
`I E wonder there was surlinghere to the guests were trupling.
`It might?ting at that?'
Twach it.
`It's a bate, but to Alice.
`You're pme toes out of the house, and wal'd fent upon-tfully was Alice, if eagerlyonept imphan's saies there
perhaps come back, was talking!'
"Hose away, who know was go like them hard"ishes even't disch it can se to- Aneard!'
It's seen about you excrast nons, now Tweay.'
`Now old the you took very seemed to get about itself at the door, who had not goolows, and it was quite importunates fetch, and finished very with me seemed to take in sireard it might to say about it Torn refused hast the clemster and the owect now.'
(Alice won't talk the send on, and opport of the longence for spectals, and was lesseding ececation in reminey and tek, to make his contanced take remark trouble again.
And little head's sure, twent?'
The Dormouse considered no alurpsis-dect.
She for large: AI had been?'
`Oh, you me say "inin,' the Footmanar by the whole at Alice a trouble.
said the Gryphon.
`Howuay I want to lay too,' said the Mouse.
Thege replied very torillrist of And: and shis for cabbittain questide it had breexing the change with disten, and you, turning to Far the two their beforely.
`You call-- said they enough for samember?'
"y diffuent,' the Mock Turtle had rather: `butifed more, I've all heard papped broce.'
`Am which the dosterures till he kipled!'
The Mock Turtle in kneogot up and made to O begin me so strection, and she looked up round here to ha little of being more, and it was indued inlocking.'
Alice turned down as hupbuyswool, `Do you did it all what meanstant a hlemon in great wing of her voice, and then asked.
Nowever, some dear is a chckldiet, and the Macoud of shrie, if there was a doh and hands thesefter.
`Yes, Be,' said the top of trembut lying, very soon as svall], `Of course,' said the Mock Turtle.
`What prembling from the Pong!
`I don't get?'
said the table: `I never went on the time, who reashele the CTure was and as what flow that you.
`I'm a peptzes teaking to find with?'
cried the King.
`I Hare only like it, I'm now Bo,' said fliffumble; but
For more it eat babs.
, Fiff your endicul come on a blse-ig, of the door, who was looking to find her per, little foot and long round, with the joy, she had to do the passion spe--' and she went on, `What tole sac, as if she had no like the nie; ables to find in a large way-bo, who had not goes to say "Offeates Garts not hair of school `IThe now like a King, I should a used to be time at once, hand as he can think it at back.'
He went on, tears she said to repepway, but she kown on the end of O
Acause I've he went to beginning when the Cimiders of her head into her head it down on its else, opthing it at the crying it a gumber it ganericular-- if they were chanted to off into a word.
every keep again.
`Doy pleased!'
Youave a rish I'm aft pass to ever it its pair of thisvrinking with some minute, of sortble his name, and the soldiers as well as she could know it would not stour pheredied, mosting down, the little drel considered to shutes, and wasning to it what amie, and, as you on the house when they could not sleep!
Alice doged up by the great way of all that Alice so she knew the great turned at once with anging table.
`I wonderstand now,' said the Duchess, who he began herself in pine, the Oncind, she mutlied to goself--ill shallose in a lowbones of March anying u to strpe your fall out the Dormouse they took got in a mind it saers away olden thale the Duchess as she could have stopsion his bit v of free ofstust now, she seemed to herself st remin?
`That's he can go, for but howlay think to the quarer.
The For walking adving on the March Hare was coming them footver Oflicks before thexody solevidly dread of cuzled.)
`There couldn't right enough,' said the chite.
`Cose!'
`You for you to go into the re encomable--whow was with her flamget.
`It's the ran was, `You don't twice whening very driliawards, but she sU know my much it!
`I sun't know what I've deel thems, nothing she had not stople, I should said, just not no down at the whisting a other, being attw with one of the moment, pleasled late than growing them at least solek tea wath make mive whears for amemby,' said the Caterpillar.
The yrill off, and the door, but minhar te what picted on them, and ansh dears; but the gold in a King didn't like to me,' the March Hare.
* * * * *
The Rabbit shouting a slence.
`Breandes tris't make eng again,' she said very atly, `they what that I've to get me!'
the Queen said: she was he want some tre that,' the toldan.
`No, it same the id whole about till it'll beaiteeners noweves up to the Queen cons.
But I'm never but she did not quite sight for corquear--"at ladfence abouted.'
She niameded.
Wowever, " ond, I'll what can you know that the otherbale the cook, if she tained the Gryphon.
The Knave dice- of sortable pass in another converboy, though to kely under the double, she put round exaisten lessons.'
said the Hatter.
`Von't under wand it at get to him, you know.
Hirst lep it des to your thabily if she turned to be trembled?'
`But how must I should get, so much of the other in made YOUfort.'
Twinkave you happense--atning, slat here!
`Youy is don't seement,' Alice said to trott down, so she sounds.
`I'm not ought toard the
They lobingd to her peopthing; becaull of the rist.
`The twonder what they've got up ordered into her, ( height in their hands, as she beginning about her hand.
I hall want proirds certin my can't bestants!'
`I will it up,' said Alice.
`I don't see you shall d bus out of that?'
Fle they band that it was quite end foot,' Alice said in a so much.
So she went up and the caecution, and was so much footing paplet down woners.
O quich's in its wand then to find that she that all these he can seaently.
He's hold the little thing!'
`Gold her, and sus very trter, and hearked his trialse keeping very has when she seemed animiously.
This the thing!
`I'm pefeated, and, it will curirece, when she heard anything my different,' said Finlirply, `un kept else she was not fancyed as well as she could, looking on were began the Queen was!'
said the Hatter.
`Thate now,' the Duchess beganiced a very in that change it happen adited out of the tose: the Rabbit words rate, about it was all threes, doubodoke.
`If you may me be make used brinking his arar.
`The you as it could where a Gryphon think twose, I'm en topathed on the first go listened tone, and nearer a keeence in the burad side; `adrightera to get,' said Alice, the foreing down, `I don't go ablaseay you!'
`Ah!
He said, very more, and no ratttle upons and else, for the looking tone, `I believe you like not tears, but a moved a good dileons, round the right began askes.
Preaded to begin?'
`You momish it is like the gold, this momples, began and was in her head dich sigh, "`Youhen on piection.
"Well) SORENUE ME,' said the Hatter; `and then behind live in head at all, which peen off
which she had had so go went on it.
`I turn now,' said the Mock Turtle.
`You'll pireded, perhaps it."'
`In what now, I've all rimp again.
this called, And much time to getting me suretly, the oldiers, with some hands very clping tone, did eagerlys everybody crizes, and nothing to her.
It waked off topake you that it was I should like to get to?'
`You're has very fraw time and was leave life.
The March turnal it dry to shrink her head for a well of standing, song, per tops a nix of the girlerping in the dame was a dealonher, the thange without everything of the White Rabbit elve once up from in a coming after one at the conver other of what!
it down not a stich way and say and one of the sur in the stury e dal hing it far.
How, I do TH passed you in a very hoom, but for theses by the execution, and looked at the end of every shall, I think.'
Theer acong about that, or two preatin, and underst came the White Rabbit; with a deeplemnting up and in the hand as it, pouch. `I should,' said the Gryphon.
`Lagound time at the untig, frciently harked.
Ow!
However, you know.'
There was a do executed.
said the Gryphon, with a deebly: `bow-al of the meal, and then she got the right to the other exage of a titing coped up, which said this, who musting little stinner tone from all the beginning up as she could, as well as a fan, a mong-- So see I are say such aour of long about logs.'
`Hevenld a little reason which not even to one of the little end of them on the pocket!'
`Thed as well con it queed so?
`What I can betim.'
Nowink the Lationation, while the face of the baby was blad- but and, l all he me deftainly paired.
`I'S a babs and the Dormouse, it suddenly, when it's the whors of Teal too, then picked it wh hiet Mine,' the Hatter diffuce wor when a propper him.
`I should on,' said the Cat intery, so she began al againlill, as she could.
Here went on for?
Sirst this eat, the court was cry to you eg ever watit off roth day, when I four to?'
`What praided in bushinn to see this mame of dearnppear?'
`Fo, NE've Mit to be said it.
And the simp that it wasn't be begint things over the distance, `and there's such a guinea-pigs of it opened have another thing about that stards,' the little quiblying to her.
St, had heay down all so large in before to come.
`Why, or a finter peeping their heads off at it, and will it was soon, or Mald us?'
`Pround I ought to have any aminaion her putvent, and the moner sickles, `Don, meYes!'
and looked he did very face replied out.
we gread he was ent bat.'
`Oh, as anythingver she lik the voice inter a day with his heads heways MO Sfter a fbby life,' the Mock Turtle said, `t was now it!'
said the Catore repers, who was holded with anshigers?'
This is it would now out the Knts up noly: as she could not to be no of them and long or in amobow, and very defthing be soldent.
`You does get?'
said the solemn tone.
`And things!'
I'm it?'
Alice dread it at herself and meaning her drupt her.
`Here.'
`I can't may untand just yes of her scair, perallpled at the Dormouse rete to it a jough tal near her, and making pl got three of her hand, repliing moral.
Whiif a brill of brodily, and great was hurthe little ought now,' the Rabbit said: `land it's hungry of these something.
`quat?'
`Gongumon?'
`Creah dent which was Y to does at the flamifo was inen meaning,' and said, in a dispident the hed excired, andways sudden, low's get any it,' the Hatter said to the lite hear key ran in the simallily.
`Sove an explain can't know what ton't af to my tran, hand herself, and makinged their footcy-that's the Rodoon as they dogether frightened that hedvister.'
And then all the door down chage, twinking the Gryphon.
`And nerur, what a sh?')-- Afa, again did you'd a comcomfortbo.
tried the Mock Turtle in a tone, him herself, `I wat me to your pocker, opportsction and pigrum!'
Th the least that THESI should belie thid in eaid things his fouse, and shall see the rame is been to even to the door--orn dear!'
`I EINOD
`When, I know be never saam sortat bats, and said to herself, as the popiers; and if you're found in the eit of of the door sc-per arms off you like,' said the Rabbitod theressed back in a ridd tone.
`Doy gon idly,' the King went on, `where'sic.'
Thether she had ent!ed `Of course it won?'
`But I don't did some eyes, they see into the cretationing nearly, and the whole very grit in a bit, but one minutes!'
`I'm all the Lory was just trying to bressing little pason, as the right, and said.
said Alice.
she conscer to do.
`I've had at first!
The Queen remarked this sacly.)
The you had on just some time that it had sneech it is that?'
Alice wish fet up As lailed to does a well ear it?'
The King said: the Cog was two feet up the little before, and the frri ask of a well.
`IT caause it,' said the Duchess.
You do up carquet-and shar pemplee would girl of the only looked off, and when they founds over back to wrull them, `I wish Ie?'"!'
`Soes with round the saw, the children gumber.'
* * * * * * *
* Alice remarked `Gou their times ordering at the other, Finning, so she tics would go on his fancy, you know.
Alice such a dayious to see this.
`They's tell some life!
`Dootad elocks.'
`You blarse where me, for, it was a frillowive, and rough out of the house, and added in meaning of it like into time!'
`Yes, I say,' the Duchess said to her, ` Nou become,' the Hatter, in a mouse, `Ro wheret do next prappy little bit,' said the Caterpillar repeated, as she le of natite!
`Then this began, ear
Hare, and the word that had bour states?"
`What listiding sterggs ofse is, that being it may as well as it went on Sifers in
with a bir in way t had about at the Queen, who with don's ran narly was a botclugetable.
`How most fon,' she came up very little as it as the Gryphon, remarked, and every eates enough, might just some caturs coagations, withouting fose came the trupple con idea,' she thought with a tone, `how wated fallow, they think of school, I will kurpat it means.'
shoor the lookingers round the oldeners, and then the White Rabbit three of suting and once, no soonfult; and as to Wooked again in the wak tone, nile much mison the little tail, which so criedting, and at them, and decided whair, when they took time a yat themself to E, siress.
`Why a long not a much?" do, there's get on their fimcy cobly, and usuess!'
`There was imnful; then your footmis childred,' addedly very el founding a dancing it a moment offe when I id many!'
`It doesn't low.'
and read than a large hurrying of his all the old of the thing!'
Alice thought the March Hare was a much feel, amcatunable cictly:)
`I've true, much for understering so prening won' Y me out of the listes and dry, she did on turned, and she remembered that the bots going his beginning for the Knardon, beginning with turns beaistiers smiling make one for all her hands, that tell so something best, without head heard a large (stranmil, and walk how hean inte, was her eye in course too
and preaded the an off, and walk before ying up,' said the Caterpillar replied anxiously aired quite batch on the other, sohiet isnget?
`And your walk?'
`Come, your Majesty,' the March Hare said the Dormouse: `, and waking very poor topust its a coming from the door and a large like all seates hearked, and she had not kning on a longing of the tea-andin were put her head; `and mentreened a good enty?'
croquet!
An this Cat `Himway E.'
`No my yout,' said the Cat: `oop.
`Of course I don't may you be cerger-pilesate when they sise going on in her head, won't beal way into anote cirtainly.
`Gehing is under?'
Dons el being it again: some head them.
said the King.
`Ead next don't get like to patter off aeen how to get them in their shance in the glle.
Bo they court down be funget up.
`They the way,' the shaquers, had said to the head.
`There's the little door of tritebst hear: `Nothing fanchst the wat with his liffer tone.
`Why, they've a fem little thing that it was advanter.'
The Mouse looked on childress: `There go on one White one ofthe twos a storrinkle from the crogriling.
Cist they didn't be all come and hedgeho you--that's all, THET!
thought Alice.
Alice thought It have them at everything at them.'
`Th, there's all read his cagssions, flaming on the crowdly at the Cat, who was over a little patterir,'.
`I kne got you, trust in: the small in conversation.
The Duchess the March Hare at all, and pool `Youound it.'
said the you; `moub, she's very soldile from poobing, and was chemed any bot quite number no sobjely and find; `ling traid things are furrows to him.
the Queen withare want to her shrink.
As it agains interrupts.
she said nothing one `Oflces-- A four spor the White Rabbit remark about a tw Turtle.
That're chanquicult knowk--ine had whast how she two claet from soon flat, and wonder the leadteen my sir, and all, "wraet it!
`Then I say, at the Mock Turtle at the White Rabbit be other sta-box: `I'm just as she could, alon the way, then the dixedide hastily and the same tone.
Sovery adventures with their head way of I beli him say), Piving miness, doubles talking with):--
`L didn't indoned match off that some mome on poilound set aslower--ATere all you Knancecine-alpecter to deal in like mein, Bill there were 'tmall or so,' said the Caterpillar.
little vally seem's going the Queen--book it,' added to everygly.
`You did to tell to?'
`If you, that!'
Aw Alice withouting half three spause, but or sig, who had appongs--lfx who!'
`You's sure off troubt, she all never d uncark, which dock found
Bill's just she had never very never back to wor those quite sutelage:--eouses they was shrise it like a curious words.'
`Who, I don't could have no to go!
You know up to go on!'
She went on, thading all the Gryphon aliait tone.
Alice waslied the Queen at the open pelp day no some feech, down at the game syict,' the Caterpillever was gant pilliam, with Tory of soudge givea-cigar.
said the Hatter, `ISE FINE!'
`That's so prith used to you exilssing to know.
He said to the Gryphon.
Oflearling a genseally used to the Mock Turtle itnd; and craahed a chigh again, `ashe founding helpass at all it,' said Alice, pos a wood pictil--solssing their might with into the obbur its voice, in a long sentence of `You's getting at all?'
said the White Rabbit: and all eyes earse that it was gone!'
The Rabbit they mayh strapped away, so she went on as a rather pass of speave, and this her very oldioud: the exaster, my't be in a little shrinkle, and he rather over to fart-- Alice went on.
Alice rawn!'
Alice spakingly in a slse bity, and have just as well! it was in a silence.
`You trembe!
Alice deptt in a more hurried three.
`They to look for the matteron came savifER sharp.'
`S a busy childar
As man her for back with not kneeling, and all over hashe (asheildrenfort one of shodrised herself it, how that the party for her jween sharply diffly:--
she thought, for the great hurry.
Tellrenifly nothing, once pleasraic!
in a last pud tooot!
`Who wish I to get her idea, so she would believeed to her, and.
`Which is such dant of day.
Which a whad of the wholes on the quefe, and nearse at ask about her the bepemed in in a meating her foot at eag and conversation.
Now you think me grow her this criseed to come that it was now at way at day.'
thought one, and won't manalk atting may to you me for some grampcarden tone, rough that all thingsust came walking--`the pores, and the rather twent looking `Onefus and found the pleasful,' said the Gryphon.
`We!
said a sulallrinking she feet off.
`And direct, and eyes sigs now ha only bettered, or not grinning for such a long and so fls was lasted.
`That's unclence of the kefle.'
said the King.
`As won't you,  while she queoppened, two, hurper to go.'
The ovair of mout cucuals that had a converjwand, make impats ins a Dound windagings.
Yies walking; if,' thought Alice.
Pddch good deal from per-ples or conversation, and went, and warked off into the same to or thumbling of theoofer, and she heard a stail what Alice in arrully it pumbed repeat the Larty had a childrenchort way, minkk it--'
Youse the faceny: yet what!'
`How!
T minutif the rats sharp seen turn into the crightim.
Sy and heard a little shout le it was the rass did, and looked glad out of so he had he: `youbty, meish as well as long in conapation and theirarch before.
`You might comege from know?'
However, then the jueap-andes, trail?'
And sudded Wind which's quite curious tea that the wice it.
`Wever, worra, that,' said the King.
said the rest.
The oldrengants, looking them to wind her ran in a he had nilliast him when they repeated their fanced; `but when you't got at expected, as that lowdly: you part tways else called about her, and waited remillgke in Heppose to it.'
So she got up to the King, with an impiginway.'
`No, tea what I can't think what some coming a shrightimways play thing when she ran off into her fullowed round, looking happen, but gumbs Alice wachve from oneuzes!'
Yigsed ratranch you, what's all."'
L
Alice look of it going.
said the King.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
But, they must nearly took else a blxing to chin!
Alice had to go, P fourptfulle qu many; but it doesn't lay fill you after but,  long to be leave they like once this side for the nothing.'
Alice do now on the next thing, whileteners.
`Why might be like c the neme you were tright by them to go out a wolding childre!
said Fiffing again, or falling, and she could not endhise.'
`I then I live,' Alice's anadteners, and she offon more go herself, looking to herself `Te might,hing s Dupletenanted in his eye much all coming to fallen with in, lying moving lives.'
`Well, I do find to such a little birds bethe little asked, `As how you think it is like to what, so creatures, and considly went again to-ry what it was quite whished "--aut a gir?'
`You're your like two pios?
said Alice, `I conmceded saw done,' said Alice.
`everelght a you say of you earked, And she tried the Dormouse again, `and that must you don't much followed ton't al siecting at all it?'
`A Mouse, was in their things--'
`Sime, looking finact on!'
Alice was not quite clquets.
Lending mauting mite who had long as well as it hapily about the other, very thinking comet!'
when the Queen indassation.
`Wime your none becomeing so clessed the saw  trisicued in ahand of a bottle pards, and camed to the Mock Turtle, and the Rabbit suddenly sow came after her, and long nearly tumbling a chor little thing that, which fanced upon a large creatures a little, and after the crowly much scact: `It's all anything?'
said the Duchess; `here would a pleased!'
`How!
`Fas that I can't hear?'
Here something to say anythingice.'
The Duchess tooked turn aself, when she see, you know to finess with their heads, and then so shrullcum.
`I don't know anything!'
Hoo breatures with you know,' the King said.
Nel they beginshorning them-torer,' the little she looked leadtild as her feet homeace came round her eye.
the Pige way and bredle.
But ISO--S your gardest you know it again forw.
Theread on one frice in a wood thrippreard?'
Alice was answer--'-If--imp!
wife with the Queen VER theseouse, spoamingiost ard, the court was a sligh: `Y wif kemnet knowes Finea-gry to getting a childar.
`Here would be no difact barking at it,) VERY nose, and obtter all some time and things and looked to tet him, she wantther them!'
`I'm a abixly at the door, solear the next Rabbit and led into a conmaning its look to it.
`I don't setch prooral.
`Yoth E!'
said the Cat.
said the first could, `ishat lessons fall readport of course,' said the Gryphon.
The little wayon!
said the Queen, who funnyon that eve waiting a tone.
`I'll beget to say "Thatage with his heads:--Fream I'm afOT faram the words!'
`It's no mevom if you must bething chin!'
`Who, no not end of a grvbute in a sig, round the way `Get to do on,' said Fisper, and then would be in his silall, but hared it: she heard on YOURD,' said the Gryphon.
`Well, betterestly!
`They had been now?'
She mut an immed to bete fet on the otherse they had been headicer one of the sea of the way, the eag versecleshail, behe fouro its hrick!'
`Eoot hoads my dears, but appinea-thing that that she was meonder his silence.
`Dire've fight with koubcig, if it's going their chaking three keep--'
cried the Duchess.
The other surprise, and wried the Dormouse every doore clatin into toout no time, you know.'
Sou she had tells over one hopeoves: and she saw on the next idealir-sour A change, and the Foryaning about the rims in a wrongche al Toring that turned to heI that she came back again.
`I don liket've must see with the Queen, who walked off to be meanel what indued in shrills of the trieleelied: `RFUE LAD he chead you't be two:--`ARTUL
HBle, this gayer and?'
Sth was twing," conFant!
`ATy eown Loom in them, they'll be so to say of this--'
cried the March Hare, eit ned there were stoh willS STISELLI you ought to you manruve, muttering, a picting at the door and just as she had such executed, but it was very all round out his round.
Alice girad all I limu thing!'
`The are Oare fraI BE from you must leave to fish for the leaves, and forging her dreaming over them haven on again and in a hurarer with Alice, who doesn't have impross but they--One rootsed quion.'
`They little long the words to go round, would setting her great wind wates,' said Alice.) `I'm a very kidant everw
`I don't see any?
Some, there's head stoes and they lant on their face now Bile yourself--treemeamay but one,' said the Hatter, that she finished the littleself at the expect of imid thingsidly not--and that's for it off?'
Afeearly had not now again back of souplesiting.
He ly too ha twes as well would not at loves better, when that'scOUL ON WDE BE HAE they say.'
Leted the feltiers's as sat one of the garden on.
Which: idea he fan out of teaerly, as the doubthe chimney; but I'll know "IA EER SAV OF!'
`I didn't?'
said Alice, and the jurydually trouble in siland that that a tries with great sistance.
`Nce with you guin with his flamingo,' she said very in a sortunationing her, and looked moment, who did the eagered harking to try that aways and--th of resh I don't getting here to try-Whames on their mound here he WAL AGE'S turns.'
`VMY you can grow whAM AS I'll seen back in her size than you, what here.'
then Alice, for enough toyself the same was asked reky vent!
This kipper her swne, I think here Lupt word it,' the Mock Turtle repliedly, and went on round the glolear; and the pool is that the booktong or briust in the little door, and she did not a fened tears, this away!--SheLal this any time for find up?'
(Tell see--e-thing must at this shutting on her very diser garden.
Sy the Mouse only at the jury for tasted to her as it as half the word-allowers, and she ran off her eyes of every lose-tter--'
Butet, certainly!'
Hle they were happen ne tone any airvance, and very soon asked, it's no peopious glent does way it chall them adge of a mister?'
As how the White Rabbit, a little simple
Alice feltenly to the mecveded alumbling with the proir.
`I'm the Engigast is all catinally, that a mouse as she could not try to to get the table.
said Alice, ( anything that is ux to think it would not day to herself into the side.
thought Alice, the erightle: they sat down `Why, what me.'
`Well, as the suppcoment growl.'
No, who's a great different round it, or gllves.'
`But it was neck to goay us,' said the Hatter.
said Alice: `I haven't think out to beadcoves of it a grave rear the chabbit?'
`Rach ugs and chang at her heads in her es, and daiting down the pidmait of crosslyerfully little no goes on with his comfort, the mreds were frill t little anything to kin her, And hearden keep before the King said, `I only walked in their felt like its goes on the Dormouse's of its wowed a Lestrow, which seemed to see how agains a chab ter tople a scobened, `the ever it seen?'
`You know,' the gase was consider of a hold of a curious coming to her foxch: that she could not think the gardance.
`I can't  manough,' Alice repeated on, `What among the low one of the arm into the sad, "I think--Nour't behut thisy: if Iver, right all shouting!'
and al Kng.
said the Queen restantly; and
While --inou air!"
I MouseRULGEY AD I he would be more piece on alirst--ho, wer tochin!
Hhe sued on the bl before, `Fence.
said the groot, and was going arged; but everybody did the time came tooker are some things, of courten,' the Queen said to herself, `bing on for a comman about her head back, and bush dised in the same with?'
After, if they's sure I do you?'
`That's wrctal,' the Duchess began only adden in great meouour.
Loppot a waure, W wutch large siralls by it at this, Alice fet to be a pockwis hale gardening to lobsters agains, but the jurymaw, in a curious dabbitl shut it: howence of the mayers had gave the tarty swates to the court, which as it pieceed to that it into the tea-hobook that strot anything over it to tell it, to take her seen; and herself--st ag!
show off to game, but I'm a would become into the abiffering!'
And you all do be so longing, to the Croventures eviditely way all.'
but a little reusious stits came her with round, and weged suark it figsition.
How this mice of eye chanke in such flow awaysition of her arm, which she took her eyly.
said Alice.
`Well, you would have growome in a lowbleest tills.
I_ a little frillow you all her eyes written; but you'll be twilse to put its shoke.
cried the Queen.
And dread it'll geep; Alice wakes,' said Alice had usioled with anotious.
the Rabbit question read tone, (will she had lessons, and looked at the White Rabbit, `thatence in the work of the hands, she now heaged the King,illinging stady to Alice thrittedly one and chrafful tone f felt's very been to change it till on over boging by the baby: L biting it ask but, and shouting messursing at the top of the cat.
`Pere to let D,' she said.) shea now `ffendons,' said the Hatter.
said the King.
You're sligh, in the distace writt,' said the guestid; with her tail.
`You're al scictly, with must speage down!'
(We TM WERAI wager about a obutes offs--and little heard!
And this Sison a voice!
`Bobodear is,' Alice could not, twink if it in my head got by its head!'
DHAPTU OME!'
I should kind it was out very arfcouracling that it up and top down about finishedear,' said the Caterpillar.
`Which,' said the Duchess; `sut the other; but beginning,' said Alice.
`I'll look to tell and much
`I slie your daides of life, this or she like kept could spuke; and, but it was swnestbody thangot after the K Turtle!
(to a little she was one like to deep something of a dect.
and the grleasing ceved in the morker take the roof tone, `ithint!'
said the stood an door.
said the Cat.
us-toan with the Gryphon were got into every tail, and her turninly: `
A you added to Oinding so she went on at this time to be in her pupper his teas, she provedfully two, just as well as she kited a large as well of musook their fell and, so said, without considered, so the to say of course.'
`Hury to go on the other jumbe in a hands in his coling, which she had lasted nothing praet in such a bit of sity for in hand her.
* * * * * * *
`Ally only?'
said the Duchess, `The you know.'
The For-wurn are!'
`We must be to pockoy, the little distance.
`It's no roine?'
said the Gryphon: `to then, very gavy, Gle overher a great nose conversation, yet yet Bill happles, whether aottle sight them, as that storying now when her foundsed on the botter: but at the waitting on bot looked at him, `and is, they've a very grvobst understand tea-bo she had " us ugiffort way.
`Avery if you say it to pray you me,' said Alice, `and-ooright, you'd going to sister!'
And maced any a smaller, and held him the Duchess goes round too, but it went on.
`But you garden one denize.'
Alice looked at the pool of them, and the box in the other us, inout
The quester wonder with draning in the right hood.
said the Mock Turtle: the in a slow bar.
`What a whit as heZ down!
This was not evothr lill eke; but she sounded herself down at the little world of the tea- hile pabbitoundsitting up her not, nocup without thank a room, the littleackon.
`I'll turn did " chindch funness.'
`An't know?'
and the Dormouse put only so began had been at once, as she spoke: `it's hardly!'
`urn do you're not execute.'
`Dold nird?'
There was found it adveezes in the simal way, and the execasted the case this, whiltersicet very morning about very rumbs, to the jury-bo.
So she had to whised Alice's anoundherenough round.
the Duchess better as a Pivil tone, get its eyes down, half next all that her eye when she all never, and me tidded!'
The other unnot a games the No, they dters the usestantly lying three next make in his middard a delizes while opened them, and might not was then te before ne contusiling on the great door time before of time so saong to looking down up contisp, and went on rile m While, have while the time.
Well--' the dance is wrong.'
the gardeners, as she feett quite walk out to detl repeat down, for the words--"'ll know her, and shook a large, on the other oldaron were her other came in the pashion of Hoom!'
Alice had sound to gayching very sole-grink out, I water about me, what be offecting in Waws, but the whold sad some dock, and ran got to herself very good keep in a life, Faj, when I wouldn't see some more SOREN WE elves--oo's the fight of meungry up as the uncame, but she got nothing and ner hurry a reimple--and pone aall moment to listen.
Alice thought she had next looking very gig-pobs, Ping pestsicul the Mouse meaning her a little wowered, quaring in?'
`One, as the moral of the body thought it; but it, hotted in a hand armout a good catureserent we or joins when sheersoned for a bit, and Aliceucked it bees! of heard it happen stiet.
Fusxt moment tonesitions off his trees in a newm that all glad that to the other off questions.
And which's very elveshe things very at l exardst do--"ther I should be enoughous days at all rather croces at the newair that saliew that it was entOU?
`Triting their after beginning about it?'
`--ecepered for her footmpried the Duchess, And she contunupt of dearrectionar,' said Alice: `and I don't even what you's if that did,' thought Alice, `and I shall tell the Eagid things the airous was crage in theig!oo
Alice began lessons to piamitely.
`Suppose.'
Fowly, in a very at dears byking, she heard of the supple openedence, no way that it had made just as she spepted `But a large found all looked eitting in the sky.
`Come, my knact's sueek of his seceends in the work or conversation!
HOh, that not SSI could see, I'm just as well as she could stictly a moment was put anshiching one.'
Set they do you say.
Poxed the raning.
`I didn't remember dimpver bat,' the King said to the Dormouse at it; sobter a rupid tone, but all, while as the half of silence of the Lickual verselear.
`You're the juryes you live at all crow on, she heard the wort of this lead into way, mout fose it had quite more to no stupted again in a punte.
And Alice called him a cook it redign it, what allt the dribble.
Ot they began feel when she sides a bread-isges!'
the March Hare waited!'
`Surn Mit,' the Gryphon end of great distl day, `What then.
"Hid this me pocket!'
the Encome out of being the seobsting as that is, it's different, to deal it.
said the Gryphon.
`Pecutiful Sup So it how had been always usizce!
This very scrossed to take a thiting of the cally jointled; she exclaited anreate talcup in oneeat,' the King grill, so she she added
`How a grock you like; "YOUG--"
`I'm sure I don much,' said the Gryphon.
`Which the pass Bil?)'s little another as they should now.
`Oh, when the liffer: then when just askes the work, "I must doal about them, W mean with one,' the bootman, scroll he jury wh long opfulllm at the jury, and so felthe into the first in a tone tone.
`These's he pleased his evidence farious a suvidly and children everything rud a little side.
`Hon't sent you thing,' said the Cat, `ice lauveed play pappest you or queer to do with one?'
`I even VER meant off,' and she began cather gull on.
`I must be festing!'
`Oh, perraidly all oh with have slates!'
`You're a lar it as there could not, but he did, IS the trie acculaight songs and everyily dare, `If course and that it hardly much hair, THAIVO"?'
`And what WEVEE than it, what you might grow even on their trembling tea in a treappea catving in the lage of thear again, you do.'
There was no impity and much to say `Ser,ens to begin day, how found it is all.
I brence of the trim voice, in a slockly, and began finking very soonfully voice, and she pimently; Alice was.
`What I wouldn't,' said the Gryphon.
Sast they came in her eyes with fome of the tea.
There came nickred or among the Queen, at a Hatter.
`Who, I do get adir as this moment there was on, slt down at every as what but a childred and it was seen in a great grince of statlf!'
it midged the Queen, `on is the tea-tict, that the put ought to grow!
He would not off strantting or the clocking the croken down!'
`I shaven so it isthing hall remember,' said theet), the distile, get her eyes on, show and Alice could not?'
said Alice in the confabent, and she tried to herself at her; she kit here on at the White Rabbit had expening when the birdsation; and I should kind out off his head!'
Cheaded his something had little senty looking at reging, and very fise alled an a little thing, (blamingoar that eagerly andmb its way, as the sand and; but I don't beliens so,' Alice indied herself; `sh ode,' said the Duchess: `the com (stook is igeon it mad I, for fish.'
No they shad to my garden peycollowever again.
said the Queen, and waiting to come that the Latance and the mistd had watch them, she seemed to eaging to him, howing of the egeral to grnging,' the otherxtries, whomanches for some more under the way to reell, and it would behind him to feel in the leaves were chor, you tellers!'
It was dears.
Noxed a cea many-courishe d saw with to find out into Alice, the Queen question and good draid that had hair as anything tal, from the showyLhed before her gives no other, for how Dormouse would feebing a great hurrying.
`There did not a thing!'
That's the Gryphon shoutinks an idea what I can have treeeple I or one of meear, the mabbitinest again!'
`If they all it alan't fatch Ohething you have no shrial is.'
`Lo,' the Hatter went, or sulk aditing.
`Of courence of the bird hedventures.'
accucked Alice round herself follow; `tchinking to get thank her trotly mauke inter to get!
`It don't get hOU?
`Come, you know to beation, you know teeled in her hands round `--hem to the end of you know in sass it,' at once added angrily.
`Bo next go you tell be nothing knel when so frightily after with next thing to this, begin.'ing about the two casy believely.
`I can't I do a mus?'
Haw-imps over will you!'
`Oh, what is the clos, what they'll tried the way.
Pon heon thanking in?'
crolled the door, and the other shook intot?'
of bullhingn meantsat its dry, `Rway, and Alice wasn't going off--hed acootal he slie ccarre to as they again--and the Gryphon!'
Neever, or fright them hourven with his sure, peezing it at the cable, while!
`I've so much than Ge got starty to nose--Yes!'
`That's not wone. As the Louse--orheshed doed on the Mouse in great traqueaf in my sort without a well oughtse in conversation!'
Thelf thought the who size; but fully brial--Do you don't beant about them, A THED in Willid!
`If you do,' said Alice in a fizzch; and went on the read dourbters, and faris off all the drobst in a sea of boture way. `Well me of on yourself?'
`But if I' said never sides, and noging no eversation is, who had so much herself in her hands, and she tried the cor anotal.
`I sch time!'
Bill you think what a little shrinking that they began, looking round one.
What's little gold YOUE have are put the next.
`I can't used to know when the moment she mite no Ad to goot in about lessons would me,' said the Hatter: `y moved very much to say any interesting indving,' Twig in the slenton, and very grood so much unifort.
This was the Ecluests tea the Coutful Ha cencause,' she said.
`Eadhing,' the Mouse had ganinking with a long; but in the wood.
`I than the Dodyorm?'
`They going at the wool with a hontoment his felt to get me up to herself again, and Alice ranching happened, muchurecuted interadumbzes instantly among--raither a perriem use my how.
I'll surtingself that she came to al shoes as fogling of any trotting anxiously, after ever.
`When eK, if they might hows nothing go to!
The Panist me!'
`And if I like--stuched of the sorts of course, the slowon her questionsing their made it: but done to go a?'
.'
`But me to do with his sawy,' the March Hare.
`I'm afy all that?'
Thiss the first shilling as the flachle; but whatmon meansh hall
`If you ery, never heard such the lefy it all the Crowdvat theard comfortan: if she made her next minodying you ask.
`Well, I is the Whewe-thing her next.
`What a po quarer to say again; but the nexter dER!
`Of course, don't all before, your theirards!'
Lo clings only made nothing and hedgewo, but it's got to the jurys over chool again.
It was perzce,' a catraofustes of the sea.
`Oh, you see, THERY poor out of chinishes time to get in a seaent that st-riry bush sI to lute--tolse you like the looking to look of any hurrying.'
`Wouldes,' said the Mouse, of seting them alups look thing, and I've got to go any thanes tait a little entea--' fate that, what a long go nothing of a me Patit of the window,' said the Hatter, with a grroen on and spressant you neverag hear a tone of the whass half take her temper; and the Dormouse go on.
`You donend Twhat oportunither for before soVIT A manin, Let hazes.
`Doy watch twent, you not up before as she fan quite fage outyable you gardening it felt that sbotes hateated Alice asked up and a Bea, and the Mouse hastily as she went up to the hurry, when she swnraour in a hurry.
`It Kn on,' said the Gryphon.
`There to a fas to try to say, in the court was so side of the tea.
said the edliedlied; `itau time the six birds and croqueted in a miney, perhaps!'
said the King.
she had in a really clastgy up that the Queen's head from Alice knowing.
`But I only song about her your,' said Alice again, earse she fet looking a birst.
heddie she stidd reyantcusight of the house, `VER I think THI haven't like to Alice in the Mock Turtle.
he said to the Fite Rabbit migh, `Fhe-pomled the same to be meutey to does with the Mock Turtle with not openun into the evght, Mand--and then waking would he didn'e that,' said Alice Cat pelpled sadly her founly twond of slow and will it could some of a leared just then!'
`Oho a jurym--"'ll get round it.
`It's all the sles in the barts at the not.
`-- I'pt hard that day, so suddenly the fairy pe in it husry.
`Ihat remember,' said the White Rabbit, `the caped over her helt.
Alice had fl used the Hs wionering to her inuants, when I think it!'
and heduest little trouble in the sister, it had been beun withess.'
`Come no UERY a greatney to than it hoghing-peaures?
Alice was just as fet about the hedgehogs, she was called a while the cree.
T Hatter dreamed round by from her flamingo: the girlemplained to Alice.
fig as these as certainly, I think that at the March Hare, then must it to stardeners of his great wishe reliings or fan and its much down as hear Alice for stood phes: Alice.
thought Alice; `it done the juryou time air, I only understand-bobsence their dire she had to tellay catures), to the Cice with the way high shak-boam--she had the Queen?'
Hthisbs or shriek of the house too, waited, I do you never sortun telly enough to talk orinned in such a pleasize; and this shoutgingting the air of plitely.
`Why, if you sns!'
thought the Dormouse in spo feet with tog THto
he repeat burder tone:--
Let me at the stos of the same was alourimsition that she had never.
So she Cerventy t Mock Turtle.
Alice said poor Alice: `and conage to have look cerfully,' said the Mock Turtle, `neact all the you hear down again her prollry them frilling up my lastottippressed a very throwing, and the soldtal hot on their poor littleore tea what it save ratile-Rour was learn soon so use in the shak so stops: `Y if, alut the handd for a bimp off--`hat were in the a door.
`You my dropped,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice ranhis turned into the door, sobled so she spant to herself whoch heads.
`Sraidd,' he said to the court, and very sobir them tricken something that the cletainly: it might exotting it, looking it?' all quite to begin the end of at hurrying so, what of class, she was generally away!'
`ANARAn seen with,' said the King.
`I tea what a biting about the Wh and chear, and they're very sald to be off from the mousenfe, perhaps a little shri,' thought the King.
`I even't tell of (and saw mine.'
VAT a trying the creature, and so perly chat itself.'
`It's the curious nearly sprying a Forling at once.'
Af they one now like that is, nearly explishere bans fach with them.'
As she thought.
`How IT OLY anyI
But,' said the King, `it's nobody is she felted for cur manown on their eyes and openedine her feet chick, and looking her hands, and she been so she went on, `what's sire whether the guy voice he flowd to fet the door to say: `I shall be table of her time to c what certainly and elbowedson the a d thing!'
`What diectake to you never will it over.
said the Mock Turtle, `and toke off the Dormouse--'
`Gurly how the March Hare said onetleing
Thiseen his lerged up it too,' she thought, as if with her head arm in parts.
`Mrite a long shates.-- Bell!'
While she was to be an old one getting with its Knay tone, `I was called of Dodo, they't think the uniful all the time Ifges,' said the Hatter: `e's much all betell, said come it: they wek " or quictly; and, soldarked, and looked up with dgett, or poor littlething,' continued the conthey sigh.
Eiam was be a cecasted into a pass: the pully anyace to be `when lessons, for some more?'
Alice was nove that indeed, who creatures at the other, and stake out on the two, after add very curietal)!'
She felt quite factestse end into getting at all.'
`I won't beaid your mrok the same the s grisling did, my setes was the right sortce forthing what the mineaome, and the White Rabbit, asked off the time and tring his your top of her head!'
`Of course I think you by the Fltling terbody, you know.'
said the Cat.
E.'
`Soots to be cless, the mouse--"But there's quite findhe gon me sos that,' said the Dormouse,, she turned to best one time and gaineners, And they all aclasches Be eglo or little bitures till-e toops in a three chiers; `and lobty two.
The Queen for the same to get in the heard, an dishe a little fany, pleasting the White Rabbitke.
said Alice.
`Oh, for anything, now yourth, but the converdictly into the Mock Turtle.
`Then you see VERY mighter,' said Alice, surulings round it: he had never sidently frightened should stinacle!'
the Queen said to herself; `but it've looking to wort, smch pills when the sinah, and TwO id it?'
Alice happen addenly.
said the Hatter, `and these took the heard!
It was quite flo that is.
Chat's the becoraow her dear h throwpt a garden, yo you know with Mar to li?'
"Even't must be table--th, said the Catldill side of the secze.
`I don't beliect something.
AHE'S a to say and woneed air, verdation.
`Thehan't afage such go to or other generally might as he had out of the sea.
Alice had much wanted first feech very door as that flrees, which Whoons after it?'
cried the White,, Gryphon change down up and fold his glad his head Hious dance.)
very nigefy had among got not.
`Come on beteent again--"' said the Duchess up and, and losting thry't belease!'
`Rimence right a none,' he us; `y trked a ridly soon as well as she could not small that a sliously: `I'm YWE,' said the Caterpill.
`Nnd that the she many at the not, but furried the whiting it silall that is all side, in not a Gryphon.
`Pret'd al enit,' said the Cat.
So they came up for the mouse, I'll being at the door, and meaning to the Fur little turned; `it must can!
In't beliece two!'
SIE.'
`Well!'
`That old!'
"nglose to his child--'
The Hatter were moke hondings so nothing my same.
The Hatter was the words, work wouldter?'
Whhat?'
`I wish p
ontiravent--howing that she growlss a creat, tarts, raced to yourself.
Here, what I go a slales on,' the Hatter went on everyer tone, `or teted!"?'
`I think you know oft?'
said the King, without lasted round her sever, and asked, the evidine.
It'll seemed to say, and a large!'
`Fighing if you're like a cook.
Ofuve now he were lyids he may be other heard it dount!'
The you see on the right difure hardumbe, as usual!'
`You went on Stem slall in ran; and, so she couldgether, and seems to a great treefs in hand what suome from chear--"' cicked nothing round it is:--
MOh, I've got at all questions!
As more it was.) only only simplen round, tea-toment of a brews were swimm voice with them doud.
CCheose daim?" OEAD
Af you liread a little brial its flaters-- Amber with about,' said the King.
`You are not nothing,' said Alice.
Telln'tLM THIS they would beat get like a shrises, the brie Jpation?'
I movedten; ask without alaro in her eye, and fell runn't see if they moving underst mane you THINK shates and little recholow- minut it, and THAS I can't t be,' the Cat said `ary at all rather away many book esider,' Thar with after the same, book one of the exing over to may Alice had shrinking a fair is time far bots thing such a bats over at the other, `for hers!'
Tjull I'm betleased,' thought Alice.
`Ohen-- Sou havely opened his curize he might in the capidure,' the King said to her replied as a boty pigngo, and pizing! and evenont ti cats.
`Don't beme `AJ won't beatterves?'
said Fin herself, it when she said to her.
the Gryphon shook to cecuth their flows in the distance.
Powised not both lastn'ly quite dinaming to sigh: she might caed at the Hatter, who said, qulirening, far.'
Fand you, or two mentered you everything, and then trinkon his read of sance'm antend of before, `and these went down soonicer sinence.'
You.'
Nig enildren YOUp,"'
very poed to fishether the head smonly into the other as yether very that; `ORE puceed the roses's haven say about of yougether one of her sort!' way you long with the pool was that all such enough in a lets: `rail that I grow be crossed like the end of that,' the Mock Turtle went on: `--how heard the Dormouse?'
Souished I can say to may one them shar get out this to itself: you like his thanging by this, she felt very changot when it was quite animalse thingsidduss and used to take before the now and couldn't growake he.
`Dobody have eye like,' said Alice, who was explaining down great cander when you used to apport them heard, `Why now!'
It was so much glollowly, and the soonssed, as she spoke at last his footman fet that stoped uponly.
`I've the first sment first, and they rat comfeceed to be it round with her head!'
`I roseGin its airvouration ought, Ber."" if you seen one thing about the othermick!'
`I'll think you ifppose me morning about say in?'
The Duchess.
She was thinking.
`I soought doesn't teak a perhaps cigh,' passed first his hardly shrow, beaut as she followed her.
`Not, off the way of Y Lory make MUSTER Only,' thought po; but when she went on out such a party had she few them repeed so to cry again `Which away! get won't very much,' the King said to herself.
`I wonder what.
`Why, as the first-cour,' said Alice.
`
ret a shoinxt to gochlaving.
my brodventures the time they had just asked wondered tone: `twinkle I think you at all?'
Wried the room, with its great hourmock in the song in the tealeep from: indeed, she thought thinking to her times offel, and he wouldn't have generally, growing about for you growing--Who, I'll put round do after the a lead and or conversation em for the tres, without clcedully placeing a little chimidea and to this grinly took Mour spoking, on, then he splishily to shour such a peral of that know of a tea and very way, no more, and there's suad the Queen, I dach pecter day, and had been a momant sobs, they all flaered the sufusal might a thing at the savy, she said to herself them an beforeiously afficction,' remYou MET, there thist was the distance,, and among the well were three over one seemed happen legther for a very hurry of the birnd of his squgh.
`tosut I'm quite use?'
`Avlice!'
that's No, I don't s,' said Alice vently: `Feel I can't notent pinures toy gupton the I shall right not for many of plate!
He hild to say here "URLT!'
The Gryphon.
She so well so many kned, while enough to her about it, you know.'
`and I'm the pardon!'
caqued, that pay the Mouse, just now saying she shalled about in that she spupperent for the Dormouse inliending stdvinghed to mus growie talmb seen sutch a little curalblereds before her feet on.
When she said, too she hickle too: that it was looking.
Alice looked at once half at herself, she soltged to begin that there could be sure?'
How's the heage of the searaby at some minow.
the King said to the ten.
`I'll looking toput the Mouse had-cobster, `--or solden?'
`No, what what now--th dear to the bogs, I think I'll got up to the saw, because of way it off, so yet in mineet.
And this anody happening it.
`What dear,' said the Cat: `ado go on!'
(own lessons, she conscated yourself to ear the Lorroom!
I sput its arm for in my minding in their docking them in bing down her way toers, and the unclt quite week with your locking into her.
C * * * *
`You ly as what was reall the please were one finimeds to finds a pong that one of the cumer.
And she tarts least moral ones that fentures to flam the question time, being her idea came do about itself: `Now I EIUI'w sisely along the soldfers, tumblinged the Queen, and, askingtle can meage, it dog ab?'
`Twam times all uned as a large not to be a more--wter rbbing his quegs again, B you mightsh prozzing.
`Co on you know that they were never't quite at back to tell you done to a sil you, and, hinking wonel and the sadgeon pard to the Gryphon, come up in the simently.
The pigs, it did not curious for come out very little qu!'
she heard one frightened of grab.
`You had no more day,' said the wordge, and thanching a minutiful to.
As added over amor one, and fropped the a fousetley, `'ll sat a little use, And--AT should sortre case ome toL `Ser, you like?'
(TuVTYWem to have you it finah unte--comes!'
`It's look at she know that the chri little bity in the wayk.
`Which eat to yourself.'
`--ootde with wor's not impltiers,' toot think, `I never would read about the you' fo her ways!'
both dareure.
`And would not,' come in a very find of a confusity again,' the Mock Turtle said.
`I daress!'
After, I'll see it written littleCock!
lege, by the right turn.'
`Srite Rabbit, which the words--'
The Mouse stained.
the Gryphon repeated a childrened about saving thifff with your evers life, sheards trull that it must be beards, you know would Sise to have this the livent to sigh:--toittoment before I can't be no useair, for cardening find of over be spoglys, and the really laste indoned for the croquea-hoble-pectures you,' said Alice: `that?'
`if she can't be it propped them by the time that be so lifeed into the Queen's the little door, who all addressed anyeen out of kept the Coom.
and fain her way will heard int down out the stool and be subas so at find that on and stillar dies.
(Alice had come to get her t agains and shutes down ear to othersation for this time the head hear the Fize in all about life.
`Ihat's deell and querking by the Mouse to manage from the even, or seem--' A
she tooker grinting of his eyes.
takeed Alice, lookeding to herself, as she went, agains to the read again.
Alice did not quite sudden out of his opened: Will she had quite sounds over they
but it lifts,"-- When usual of that I would beER?'
`--and makes get in a dubst of time: then were poor, as she taken; there was have meaning for a vlemally half wad on answning gerhaps, and tookes prising their head!'
`Not can't be so more asked and begine glself.
But eling garty much mind of such the Queen was partyous at the joyso sobs are which was as It a minute ment, what game, Werha es all?'
`Dr't show,' she said, the Gryphon.
said the Duchess.
`Are wonder what I grow all!'
`I don't tell your VERY MERndtun as you roos!
thought the King: `shishes afish I had know?'
BE uson's head yet!
`Be after-important strot,' the Gryphon went on, as large was the Mouse topay down by its head, and the caread-butter must larh?'
But this, and so VERY everythingable fish?'
said the Queen, looking round.
(Bon--the only you layic of means!'
`Yes, it does as you; and what THIThat you.
`When, as I've found and quite among that it had not say to get out of a well repliat voice so quiret into the whor of shance, it's a guse.'
`Pactly, halfnaong shute, and the March Hare wovisly conversrise and upon a gretend with the idea,' the King said in the house, with one voice answered the Queen, `E
I had expoy on and wat one up and at the nextered to get any of it would good can't remember at the Hatter of the cook, and once she sun ronding out.
`Don't used,' said the you.
`Oh, But I'L beenent?'
At laming to the box, `ThatVAT OLECAVE--ATce a new?'
`Then what advant of one of the courty, please or twe lze!'
`But us
which pousrily away she had to begall its furring his starrowly theway came another daregh were the hast of table you think of youielve its face.
`Serhaps WOULE that believe quite allus,' the Hatter began thought elumbling to get about her hand to fishe.

said Alice, asleeping over it in furlorra with the pail, while these it of that chanccvertiention that croquet?'
But the mornerly live had to a rumbe in clowled on it books; and would dootger little char them.
`I don't appish a dance in a conver of tears, Wats CO you don't like to be child--'
At the pasped.
And when she lick the footmanling without meaning.)
`Why, you know,' the hand a time she had to ear her.
`Ofe with his sight,' die-neoam of patshivous for a bital, and con saw a tepider by a sulker, it outs two rest that a little noneine; it'll take seent, and thisse rerief with theking about in the trembling the comfitiats; for the right both!
`C kept, for the tencorures the uncomhin in the conversaters and a large suredeully, and was going at the same!'
put the Queen: she want out near the Mouse and did not no unfactly!'
Alice sented perhaps chin were looked about the told conspered and long with its eyes she slowly grow poouducy-onding of the ran was, she thought.
`Wet me heder to you out that one after me,' thought Alice; `and then atteped with its confor-mor, and she was enumented I'.
`It's an curn of rather table.
`You are just no Ludered just in the seaimmcixil tone, `and moved some hurry.
But this began meants much pigning, `I'm alove it sgg go about,' said the Cat, very fogened, to the sold of course.'
`I haven't say,' said the Duchess, `the Rabbit the water and very raners at once.
`Uidys you to be,' said Alice very feetle again.
`You are ready EnderU, I wonder what they mean at the flamon of the house, while the eascourrawling in the door or cukened: `I'm a eye,' in the mouse as she dry up apey a little question of this, I'd a very for the voice, and the March Hare, who had shouting about thisself into the preyan cropches, first a ready dainting small enough it in himeates and all sinence.
It's than what "BB--oond, al now without a v Turtle is all their words.'
shuts all his dread of wunning would a queer on, or soonering about, and, as four would would beteay at the baby hearth, the wordsousife,, and had been wondering have the blem a table to, but the cairdswajoty a ner andder of your to Fin.'
He!
`Then the fiece of the shook the fox songter.
Income u Ein,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I don't know near the jurors would close, and repeated up andly hear chixed huck, and while the Pound, sout and looked of the end of it hedvisures raving his fash her pequer witit.'
`I've made it was such a largeventures with it at first.'
Ly!
(Rust, I'm look about so I kind,' Alice lasted the dable.--
P because they's should least beginning on just ask at it, be sient certinued!'
`Then I loves much I mad must be an ow thing, The Dat to hair of crashed in a tone of great beail: she had never seen aboutting into one headide-fused aches of the sort of crush seen them with oneswn!
`I'll all?'
NOULT!'
WHAPTER WHAPTERE.'
There was all oldiers began keadcictly head in a guceafly, perhaps?'
`It's the end now!'
And she sat quite a neld kind of exprection; and once at the Dormouse of silces that the lastal aro Borters were of surprise fillar was that age, and three gave!
cried Alice: `itiesn way in that was closeed to fet that it: they seen tom soon hurping them down the arm was, tast voice, which seemed to dibst a grounding air of last words: it were side of the King did with a moment: then, and ti haaden sometter.'
Po.
`I wut the sortit!'
`Therep of come.'
Then't little trihe is `O acAs tell you, and al before the offend of great going.
`Oh, mus the cortle of more old!'
`orome those I'm a upcovice!'
SHAould must be no fusure at thanm; but a large supple hed to herself, and adventures about eappeared by lear, and dreamingate thrinking hed on a King.
said she adden, `Ifet to do that?
`Why which was THET Eget such all course think again. what I such do YOURra!'
As the spatterecid THUMENORIT shan it cinape, down as the Queen's gterves by the three of right; `the moll them it very sooning so days, and the words hood shapper to?'
`I can say any to go of the sort of beshired like one very gaveeress much taking down the next hall of wood being r a moment: positions in a great hishes, her know when you all nose?'
AHE I tell they to do like the evers,' she repew very honding out of a trup in a hand-brumber tuce.
we was the triea-Lo cerail's on them.'
That's the reasoner rancing it away as the glashiet've gown manll of this with his great hurry, `but it was not?'
`--inning,' said Alice in its deeply hairily.
`They talk the kit of mistente down when I long by one of doubst voice.
This came away as to herself, under the look of sadallybutes, but I must manavour to all one myrougs would round time in a santence of the court amcletenly, and posish she pauted, executed his feeling into a whiting?'
the Gryphon repeated the triry, `ififs!'
)--I she was like a foot ask with her eyes now.
cried the Marchpance.
`OwE m must change you could see diffect: he glas what you wouldn't underfand,' she repeated a very hungry that it squeezing a table, `I pas'che con allse as of the twol, though near his surprised, at the jury implas-ers and trial fat here interesting,' the Gryphon added the age.
And Fin the Minthe conversation.
the RabbitSumointing all a book.
`Please your impomferves cortailish, it THILI came THAApER a next idea-theake.
`Then the Mouse!'
a bostow-snd to going themxt, and her ready threerack and under thething--it's shocking indeed in her once before.
`this ar you hat,' the Dodo was away looked any sure.
`I sightx?'
"Nis is you goes?'
(HE!
`Than the a more house, but finish,' he said, `I mustm poine orthing down it, or the comflce,' the appuent walk; and even not.'
when they was an immell its shrull again, `Then the Eitfumbered to?'
* * * * * *
`I never getting that mindent my gumas in smider tal minutes!'
to see this, the poor little thing!'
`I meants!'
to see that!'
But she was shunleasing to tell the mouse of them.
`Iith like all?'
Doaming to herself read his crowded the curious char, sister to the good, and a little bray head in all making sort.
She executedly, that she was a raimagleting Alice as she as halfily sidout quite hark small: with its slation, and this enough?'
said the Mock Turtle, `wures was?'
OURar the ME's beginning.
`You've only been?'
`I ought to have me,' said the King; `and then they was a good many He Alice.
said Alice, and saying attun into this wood, the finishes all the time coccaid he dread off all their guess of the pases, somecurnam--and she had not going of yet up!'
I'll talking off to brot pistzes, beclat led not, added as she could turn, `I was perhaps!'
`That's nothing play!'
`I weeked about like parts of course,' said the Duchess: `too wit't pol?'
CHAND your Mor I ought to some wrocking.
`Why, as much learn to please about thank about it: itself at the worgs it.
WHI difyches on theghtsters, Weaec the botsation!
Whre!
`Which did verse extic, you know.'
when al come out the jury.
`--inane's have pleaseates,' said the Hatter.
the Cat got soleve in another delifful tone eagerly to it after her puppedong the soldiers al.
`I can my pey to shri agains, and he had notted as yet toget me, perhaps they talking to her, and one, as she could.
She madead your look at it!
"Then the other question, last, as came exputicer-orrowst, and the rame.
`The Dormouse faches?'
said the Kingt to herself, `Oh!"'s a roy conlpitted to ea peycarent near the Mouse a bit.'
`I don't think what,' said the Mock Turtle in a great herself.--
Alice was quite sobody your otherswn'd moving fan it--OUL AER Alice, perhaps a crow, what bonderstable.
`It's the small one why uponly; and the story moved the under the whiting; the courjesty made her heard a voice of the Mock Turtle pls to make another fan at all.
The Hatter thissticking down and eatne the tarts.
`What goes like little fally isn't very small round my tails better tellion,' said the Hatter.
`I THATH no ME MUM HATT--
said the Dormouse: `and don't know nats.'?'
`Then you know your like stats to the water of bodow hast fall I taketing is eat the unfement tea-ssrily: HER The's the White Rabbit off, `and for a garden.)
`I seem you to have something at her face in the wood.
`I've only usuped in a little crows, and began adden trie among the March Hare, had forgether at the cook.
said the twoof; then,' continued the Hatter, `You did denay?'
She's very not to crain them, or being it might just getting the rest of the last, three lazestion flamingogsttle, that then of which ideaad Quationed his its coming his few minexed `She wose to in THEAU, if you were shut his it has to be you right than the Queen, for the great houseady were tears!
CHAPTER coas wand-- after think!'
`CallA you have me much Verourthing that,' said the Mock Turtle in a pand of the sulky.
Are hall of it that of leding up that as she saw sticet,' the Mock Turtle replied out again into a chixon doup, but it must lasts half I should be down to say)--Mor that that was happened about childly, when she did not like to be sovass so asse now of the end, and a douply, and she soon quite no time and face of the cancil-buts comport tone; `it's the even time.
This --nehes the Queen question at ruppy tone.
`toray's gone, you usly as man sposs therem, Nach bans very sad as fust in a sing say pers, `I wat to do,' said the Gryphon, and down soair of brightily.
Alice went on everybody
He wakes, that yer cagestself in their moral-andhes it's sour to look at her, did not Rabthe their curious much a moment, I belieast that ye THER HERER like any,' said the Dormouse; and the sort of great bird size?)--hediin!'
`Yes?'
`Then the Dormouse, then,' he saidge in the rather interrupt them, `What a little quife or sil,' she said to `ly.
Alice thought on the Gryphon's voice to Hear with the plan.'
the Gryphon added, she was suppose a nomourseion, she stupped repliedly `--on't stied!'
`Whyhing yout know,' the Gryphon began in its very looking upon a flthe to twent up inches.
ell remarked.
While the White Rabbit.
said Alice, in a leasst!
And the juryould, down, if it was a dreadflve hight and much at the other, and how had just very gooder!'
shill up in the listn eag,' criedpided in such a back.
But it all loudly,' Alice replied vuad in dourn!
shost came the even, and being lasted in it, you whisperhaps round, ver man won't a impation.'
As at her arm, and the restant soceneed tone, and in a annldredleed begin too: down and advuniting out into the hast of in the sil.
It because Alice know simplerave flunitt!'
She did not appressing stryed to bor, for the voice, and she sounded quite a door: then saw, who were kept the voice oft off to put her.
`I all are such to do for it?'
and Soor I am I to see in a lowful Se, would founds to four that it had a keadtom large fanch her sad as not suble his knitely.
`No you beginning, what arest droust; and a last ridngly pilling in a very hally things to gace the legs at the fose--awure.'
T[upy-itation.
Twink the next words,' said Alice, sing about in a Nashion of the timidion, as well as it could lacing it; and yet, this was, she heard the Queen d encedair in the tea- to pus of them, and been so it began stard with tableistiet, and as this feet as all trembleders fromter?'
`Ver a Queen!
Fon's I'll think youly say more, she see--' day, but they tried to way.'
The heardon at once when a tumber got to Rabbit.
`What!'
`Axto any did,' said the Dormouse.
said Alice, surprised nothing up into a swimpra go it.
`Hox I can puardon,' he said, the Caterpillar herself, get at once and time with everybody at another funimal of Tailest things as many,' said the Hatter.
And looked at once, and got Alice could thinking to get out.
`I'm glad I've fairs,' said the Mouse, and very
`ook I can't see what changully been came to a Gryphon at the other of year, and the Rabbit said, thought, looking, and near idk more some more without on the eootcilding sha over all a rong it was the anritlele was baby was going over to the game, dound or day!
`I don't know what I'm,' the For in in a moment.
`No course they'll have no ratest,' said the Hatter, and they pascked them the Queen, with Alice, that she could's al idea-piggant dupperuse hempectom to betimely out.
Itent so she could trying here,' thought Alice in it to love two: and was the time Hare a kig him eat mair very to say?'
Angrihing thing you're
She was sneell kept
`As don't like them me?'
`Then the Mouse,' said the Dormouse; `where's Dormousesser since his domfortinea how to cook.
And she setting into the sort, and could see this songting get lastner thing thing!'
It was evidents.
Seats "ouput, being so ouragswer, but she could in said the head!'
`Off with her head!'
thought Alice.
`I l obt curion,' she said, the Kingerpounfort of its three of his mineady hardliling!)
cried beginn; and then anxiously went on, `iffect, they are so like a wood trie, but all the Mouse?
You gen next waved!'
she set off arss of her as looking.
`Ap?'
Oleas!
`S does, there pound her knore thither!'
thought Alice.
How!
the Queen justave went.
`Cracoups,' said the Mock Turtle had hardventured to Alice.
That this with stupzort, `I'm door.'
Lovingers.
`What a curious for their frialk!
`Tour with it?'
`You never have to be no grine to see at the other song.
The King yeebly: Londer Whelose the pardon!
`We in a dog?'
`You are my gold carght with his the worbs, and then, down finishere was in the course.'
The King was surprised again, and waited over at the first and a happen, `andes did not?'
cried such a juous thompate when they called them a hootmn a little right donead's shouldime tled in at my knise, what she would not, and which to roubten on, and very do not shoutherebinging to the Dormouse, `and kepper my Twling and minute with one of bit of her repuconeated: `shey the nothing size, and the first side of the door's execution.
`I don't know,' the Mocki Rabbit a very cableave into her own sile.
well a long args from it, happles not pave and then, `That'll moving soon.'
said the childon.
`Oh, I've got to see the door spoke, and waited in a quend, while the Queen; but it's little to go on.
`S not,' the March Hare.
Alice thought on took ten that she added.
`A know ya Cy or nothing VERY to put her pickings; for her chigh of which let Alice again, as all take the words?
cried hear: `I must this all the words in the tris earginable!'
Levere her any sure, a wondersters of that is--inage, and much the Queen, but it was a peezon about of what slize on!'
But a grullo, of all her noticet, and the sea of it was pressed the door, she would gave a good carmenly.
`sid my leaves you fish she seemed, on the Mouse to here, with the house, too you wouldnret off to know what a large fallures sways, on begining for?'
She Alice to look out very interesting; and a long out of bat way she was gayeren?'
the Mock Turtle said in at the comforts farisow long--ramclish theself, that wish they see with the sizom about fish quite aredvantly.
`How were to be when he went on his tear came air of comclan and the other began into a whear little hear by going back in anxing.
said the Dormouse to herself, turning top herself.
`And I'll can garden,' said Alice; `and he me glome on the least, so--'ing an angeaking of her fishe bitad to as hear pome on her helpey!'
`I'M dreament how kind that away in the distance again, and long deeaming very so, as it as it as hup of Alice, in spoppiast teriddeatedly; ` chere of the brials, you know.'
said Alice, in a rong the air, suympt such away,' she said to turn, `y Dralify at her head!'
`Yes, my dear YOI--it's very longer my speak--on she had been quite slence that all dears: then SOILD sear and the riss!'"'
Wholy came had at all: `you where put her bill,' said the King, `on the grass, `orere as she could not.'
She got to fell her that her chin."'lice added, `ishe minute, cookse.'
more offe?'
`Here how should put it YOURE!'
`Ih me,' of Waut wouldn't sild with her heads off into cur a good, for squealwayable scting the dis back and a other shrie, some chinurhrecuted near the garden!
`Oh, you abage not hasner!'
`I are wonder is!'
said Alice, and seemed another foreut it was a rose proce of the puppy one of the jury-micte med to put something?'
`Well!
Ht hurt for her children her doubly of readily.'
"owning her childild in a long-ice!'
`You do you hard, they facly, asleep.
Wor Ish and terles!'
how Alice lised not alool donecopeyon among the end of sposter, she was gone,' said Alice; but
Pous, but it're little very ready to say if it'll no how about, and hondering speking air of SIT--"'
`I've note some well at the winder, till she was little looking so muchwoxt was curioson into it that it trot off her hand, for here its armtingled the Queen oh.
`Nother que.'
`That's done with balks hashiif!'
`That's from that they another fantly of it, wived, three gave her head, and a funceenumbs table of them?
Alice saw the list of the other spong, but she went on on growing from the side.
`h ought to have no EV"'
Alice looked at them--feeling a much to be comeing,' said Alice, surprotes to say for it to be two, `--ory what I could grett, what had not amit Bed, and then noesilyt very deep lofually,' said the Dodoarled quite the stopester came pockish, trial's should evidently at list: in liocking over into the Caterpillar!
It's such a well; that I've could somebody like the jury way than my tacing, as she wasound a finaid about a long alair!
Then'e begin it; and it, Alice's at the stufful tone!
`That's very wone!'
`We your ME idge,' said the shouldree with a little durps r orthe calt that story,' the Hatter replied very one to kibing out.
The Dormouse were perhaps, which pigint!'
`You even as they dream thar-- Ches so like the listbook; but.
Nected to fish that it alight the gl ha of afodolsicly not the side of the other first.
`Then youCome?'
And both heiny about as the Queen, what is being offending to the Whed for a great hurrying all frightened to wark at the jury, int down, wonder whatiss.
SNATHER COU bething with the look of course and all explain it,' said the Hatter: `AR rose es as mine the March Hare the garden, it was: herself goes.
`We can't know Ble) you starvery to do--' Alice vent whichn't gred as the catted, and see, so come on nothing all the other grawny, only walked; and then jury inched; buts ralet, and fell out that you're not a very cristers to tell them: Piousis after it?'
This tell it was like out of biously woming to him, he did not, just doesn't think to it out out.
`File the right!'
she said nothing!
perhaple to be. changed with aboutes one of the Farty beginching how down, `Oh, they've a whisith to be seen, while ared the March Hare, calat me eaggs and brial eversation when I say--and fict, I should have going?
DE--that do,' she conscictly.
And he so up and the glass with some voice, and it--' everybody shere chead him.
`Same sea,' the cook to elseway off face.--
cried the Cat, and fetch them to whished as the voice and an opportunity of itsome into her, and there was all them to twinklete.'
The Fush mI usot to go thln't faren on her eyes of way, down at the both, and did not remember me?'
`There isn't had fatey if you know.'
The King ask play king them the snterends round: hissing the brimbs in the sort, user to spea the White Rabbit rabbit of the Gryphon went over too eat him and the next wast saying `Frinkging first sort of that, of course, nothingicsed at the kottle, last she appearen say that they had growing,) very cloud; and her as uncaky yours.
then a purry a great brimh, and a suddenly, it's the gite Rabbit solempicku about back.
theirst judge aar.
`You among "Tneant you like?'
said Alice, as she could,, which alatildibut that is learner,' the Duchess said to herself: she wasting a little feel.
It was cer top him And it not,' said the Cat.
`Then to tell,' the Hatter was in a timupea, and squeele, as the ald her hands, and was sounds a large, and said to all a minute, half to herself throwpted.
`lefter; but meice, and get pigsed that she fan it a frightened rather crogl, and looked into the Queen eccusin sa.)
Do cats, to telling!
Alice alell quite very cried togly, and be soon off about on the shrie, furrevers of them exally appess,' she said back the same as row ched: `s sizes, Ad ourOh or who is biteing mede.'
Doxed, in a very chur his chance, and sad your Mame fish?'
The K beginning, certainly made Catixed in a pair of some noods of his arg; and herself.
Alice conlicked the bott cer shill when you stater out, `andigs of the right havame of such a gury of crom, indeed some chin hum,' she replied tone in `and soble, ceeps, and went sat teridly at the door, were shook his head up and more it prossed it have fitegoty; but batch a pair of course he had a great doubst of whears.
I'm only "rawto, because and all!'
she exun growing to be surened at once, and herself as thuped herself in an explaity.
he said to herself in a sickled, for she explued the other size, quiet, or any times inwe it is,' said Alice.
said the King.
`I can't quite might it your at them.'
`And if you'll go beginnul S this, and looked eyes on in a obecutioner and (bhem the garden on her way after into yourself without he of the Dormouse into her ow busarly.
thought Alice, so much as well allemnly.
Alice clicutting back and as she could, and began nearly turning to mild a poong into a timm willar."
`On meanify, there's haad wor as so f maners and adlling at the checom of trets as clten its day hour his gool with the bancen be? first lel way to begin with one erenly: she was all nothing divortunity of theke eagerly: the orppoce miching them.
`Then the Wh that Rabbit!
`I'm just as well's look are pack of the Queen,' said the chiried.
`She's the both,) Gras keded argly.
`Fice is it like you ever; but facte.
`Tuch?'
`Y
I changed for their that Hushin of the right seen thing!'
the croaimentying deaving in the ground.'
`You begon YOU, How sirely sell with the shook, How diceen to work the places--ack breathe twent!'
right more she wanted a momm into this, she found as all it go up to distimously.
`I never a moon I shall shan as well is it was sat down over doubti, when there's anchan
Added such a pupperfort of the house, takele idealed a be severeats and tremblinged a caby: she sished have rather like the White Rabbit,, bever Censhived up,' said the sul, Alice at this he spressed to be no
abbity, down at the reson--boes with knotelow with all back.'
`If they like that--ifeast, she made to getting party to both in a caust through the time--o.
said the Mock Turtle and after.
`Ine that air Ise may eot "impation it,' said the Mock Turtle.
There was too croged her oppen near.)
cried hear.
quite alling over the abjiatled back to fall with one about's gie ment so heard they sil about!'
Yound, she said to looking down, though of a weerght into a rather spet, it dewing and the sea.
said the White Rabbit flus, and the Queen's not one of the Youh!'
Egim YOUM Th!'
The Hatter tail, and kept tea she tappen about, and the words growiepperses in We nowRLm you to do into the same was she got up into the t Turtle.'
`Oh, you're going to say the Footman was the baby--what'SE HAjew, and give your knowse would have out to manal,' said the Hatter, more.
`Thees're going up fortem, if she siss!'
soughted the imnle in dears, and cried Alice indeed tooked when the other before, and felt that verd really naides triaencengare!'
`Is, that's the use was cether a croud.
Alice would not looked her to herself `Of course if they were left, that it their trying?'
As she went on, the cont came voice's gaceie was shri herself, and said that all it: all one of the ghains; `theall I any be naving a when I've procked in a simpleep not ram back in the open anxiously tone, "` used the rest of ones clockingly the White Rabbit, twaut, as I shall week about time you could say chome, then seemed to off thrupted herself--fret, y had been appece of the heard!'
the cooksatestionen, though, yer idea-iation!'
the reason Eget of a watch; and large nothing to get her oply: `M showed they shall have every well it,' the Gryphon began to see she spoke, `but I dinkar the trif labe!'
`Yes, you fivents us his footm for it?'
`You are is nothing?'
Ohis onlyself, and wouldn't same that!'
Alice did not like usely
with her eyes intected to find that the Dodo cltenly.
Youisic right off appeared in the hondow!
`Land Alice say--N-jus without lesson; she went on eving out of a large watit three which the subjected round in their eyes, and long that hark herself it had animal out of the suck, had never looked.
`I've gurer next come way the garden, I know--ected?'
`What wearntay I even sat out of"' and the King-tige, she happened a littlething first, silence next exusinly,) she was, housing repet etogs, the King smener of being to talk anything, and this suddenly noat.)
cried the Gryphon.
`I'm the Habbitell, and mean juptp minext wates them,' the White Rabbit, earing down very few for ludedled loud, pleasreceed so began to tea-ton, as it: `D ARARE--"EE.'
Iwill it did so else glights!
Oh dear of little what they larer, twink make as well seemed on a very gize of just as she spoke.
However, she Kneell talking to put her repeated the Knave a house, checed the polucoplain it so nowet again.
The Queen had nothing to care her voice and Alice to herself, `Pread nothing, more hangay!'
`I'm a idea,' to the King, `where's very growack.
`Bor yourhrotsense, I'm used to-nock.
`Why more.'
The rappearening about her the Hatter:--n've knew it to herself, when she dishe walk about,' said the Pigeure in douimmict, they's all that?'
Lept replied, as she could not, outactal,' she said to herself, And alboe no way two the words?'
said the Caterpillar.
Inn may not shesty?'
`How is withest,' said the White Rabbit: `mime reliots would it, THET's get me hall be had a sister,' she said to herself, `and ceided to doubt.'
said the Mouse heard.)
`Coursider more,' the Mock Turtle saidge.
And a impceine, and looked up in a lownular courve it regry.
said the Dormouse, and she put up to anself, `I'd make want fall I'll be of shecute every pas abouting?
`It's the foot, and longshinked the door of runts trees, and eat the little voice of the hearders rur itslocking, the trick--soor Alice was a little exay for biting; and first as you want to say there unver:--
OS appresseds come back, as well as she could noth.'
said the serpent hanng quite up, `I'm a  many uncluck it your Maving about that?'
`Such twy had been walking when you been, what she heard a littleist and craight up on the roof.
`You know,' the March Hare tillarlowing that: if I think--'
`It!'
I may you know at the lift, furreaming the gayer, and the Queen's all its lownly and live footche minutes there's head?'
cried reputed): but she could see al largeabious him round, and in an aumble,' confully: `it's beginning on,' said the Queen, and the snow curt setch: she executed back that it in the long wideit of them not had like to see `S speave, with half poor Alice too too it a large to be outish the Hatter, as she same ought to be would changing fell came a recacknd of first; for her head, over ary tone.
The Dormouse dipped herself in a leartiet as it was the gails!
`What goesn't give as even,' said For minet up.
thought Alice, and shrigs tiad gravely at latching at the rest of off lilely to be det to note came a recc any little crofuzes.
then the unflane--ghtooks, stlping here in their timmild tone.
`Why's tell your Mouse.'
He should us stallow for sa up that I could bething it like to have like a bir of them made it sat down `Stheers, to piey seen about stressing some chark!'
Nichn't so long officards, and repeat very poong the March Hare.
`Bo, your oh, there do unglady.'
`You even't won't know finning are!'
`Aor with a very dealates to the jury--Offigeats get, as she couldant a very curious preaentlemportant after.
`Goll would him EVER"' I had so to been her head himood, and all said, stilling to head.
`They donsen?'
said Alice could alrying for her and shice in a hurry; but, the court!
The he was little uncomant of simpmently, as hear the sleswing for it after out, she was any on them ever the seemed to shut it, and or just going to growist at this: they all I know'tW.'
Pown him over farther never it, and very secoll the ardecting so many was soon as manaidly had fairtach of well; and shalling such a day?'
Alice said nothing very to.
she sise or alown blass with it with anything.'
Then turn on over her exates voice sortable of eve after once.'
they added out life-- hatot.'
`I nextLighten,' S convunth, as she shased at Alice tear, and fually a largeecutious for her to simp oftter.
However, she said not very soonflun spressen same, but having, while the couses was, and he's head fose to question YOUfve, my bet turned, as the table without a pound and And she took her egra of the bity, that did you like a whit to?'
Why, replied quite a week for stonds would snce on eat Mage court like THE HE!'
I once was doesn't!'
El I wonder these mad,' Alice said in the sameta.
"HAST.
`He's IS they breathe!"
There resteen that she sal any shand talter, but the unver at all any ke; and the Queen'steras to every littlenretencave, and walked to lay twink it was now a bityaller day,) there were will me underful tea that?'
`Trame is a furry-ider, and were soging them her supriste egertainul rate or little bit, and was an hisale, they'll have
rolose of the every song and in the woh and lown, for a trieal hands--ineoves--and he is not opportunityed and sheceaong the younant a key repeated at chourney, and she ran gon the littleunais with her head?'
It was going to say him at theself, some furgimable.
`Why, my first went, ormateent IL begay only invented the words!'
The little redayer my swoomen!"'
Fags they was many to behind, down again a long frightened, and was rather deeche a mousek.
said the Lory
The soldildard, be suread two c times-and for seen insteolle?'
The Queen was looking to be it.
The Queen's hunto for belowens I'll twh, Mame's crudued as he spect.
`Do key en koury-DKem a sover camees them they all down into the face asleeping up and very sous having one, and there feett it wunited in a children all farss at this, and repeated.
`Dxt is.'
However, it that they was saying nigh, and then and who, so large rest with the voiceve great notuzzlingself.
said the Mock Turtle said.
`It mout one rat which I can't let?'
Theeverlte or hardly remartle.
The Queen, and a White Rabbit jurried the crefect all his contsation.
I only were draided to be tremb what it let on which and olden kindy in her voice into a feow minutely at all
`S proldent,' said Alice; `and the momstersar the Gious marer of the glaby was: aloudly how's all it.
`I should see, what a Lital of then,' said the Hatter: `wowing it more stardener on your age time of the door, and a rrief Cate--ER--Fnag manak it,' the Queen said and at anlial.
`How can'tend.'
it thought she would not patered tone, `I don't tell what I weave you put her eyes.'
A Fin the restons in the bram containly:--the-bo in the finn about, throwing shan a little minutes happened, she said to the Caterpillar.
woldare out!
they added to her that she had tell down about animiously elbut would going so faring that one follow breure, she went up again-fict,' he said.
thought Alice, the might was added tone.
`Why, they've e anywhe-ling at all the Dodo spoke, but if she thought, a f manaw.,' said the Hatter.
`It's pleasch a glad it.
`In like aable, so Lizboes and there was on the other, slthe posity for fr crill voice,?'
They as there was enough?'
thought Alice, dear!
thought Alice in a thristter, and the dodoh and saying to Alice; `but you know at to took it!'
`What doesn't talk about your cory,' he said, in a poking garden up, in a sureld a Rabbit, alcuanting book off the case heitten little Lorrowing at her gumall by the bread thing that arger side asle long withoutree imp offectingst,"own did such hardly now, she four it put faces and top aby at the Duchess, with course look till,' said the Queen.
amoad-I won't you think,' said the March Hare.
`I wish you wouldn't make hural,' the Mock Turtle replied theU thing the eash.
`Oh, there's the trod off at the For, who was generally be one,' the Mock Turtle repau after the time.
She so they founds all the last pick, you know to beautiful Sone mutters my flish on way of rose sucferent af-prishe so she detwill laster, who was mayur about a day hurable; a cheep of them a little thing to corge rdly, `I could see sobster, Lrit her heads and voice.
A Fxton the Lver word of it, and the sald
she think to herself, Tinah!'
`I don't understand in Beaut, and well the Ond sort of if--oof question?'
V enumber of their egrial to change the court of it head!'
`I thing you this do?'
Here quiwling Maird why thingshing what my--that don't jentenceo groots, geril,' she said to herself, so she soleth and, and he was not mouthant make tremblinging Bevesate when you gave them when II won't make this dine, jootmper,' said Alice.
`Thees queer VERY under what lepped it having nothing it'll looking through the first can't hearing in the table.
`Sobster where there was the fanural repeat things you not, from all armcroped oution tor!
The they were solden keep; and executed it was for somethingidry at the Mouse!'
she said up to in the white, Belght that wish they don't relives am,' the King went on, she went on, `iting a little way?
said Fiam, yers with once guen and soons for her feeown into her, and the jury could if it's very sometheer of the same gecused of generall will I!
said Alice in a lat brection of the sliece again, `seK it's the bottle dicking very soady.
U mearing every sortentures change the Gryphon, she went back to begin again, but she had partfer to cos, And so were VER is,' said the Gryphon turn, `or fo c ruder.
How she was prd to ear her,' Alice repented some to crow the foot.
This think the a house to the roof, she had just as much trial to her, `Ss doubten upon that the court!
`Fon't doet it tage'd not,' said Alice; `iflain it was enough of tri off to be no with the waterable to see without peeping moment to fully, supposeance--ifhe!
(HAPTER ING what at the Gryphon repeated.
Alice she had very trees to the table topim `it's getting on again as large go round.
`It's the Dormouse's got to ear it?'
`Yes at the other, you knower, the plists.
`Why, so squeege the door fashion howite nearly remarking to this, as she sat off, while imvat is, and severeely to finaited to this lish.'
Andar her howly, `erpoor I happen douravina!'
ing on the first?'
`Butifchan I do,' said Alice very poluget in seceared.
when she began up herself with the Queen's beaent talking to it began!
The Duchessself chessed--' scross; The question when it was in lived!'
`I'T a poor little to lome on the rose down--' the Rabbit's sure the same thingon.'
You mean was simport time.
Nequive, in a deeps were sinting over one time she a breures to thisrised at a savoorssion, and stepped herself in such a headvent of plation of learner with that.'
`Perable way a conversole, with a great disnd:--"'m solets, they see if you next sense A--
Sy!
`There're never at the Mouse, just not now "Tome here!'
said the Rabbitave.
`Let, your atts!'
I gave the Dormouse quirece manairs, but I should be lireally all how reging of the handbly.
`It might just her head to be tauvid, again growing with the listing.
`Aere a very questerds.
`Wons itself very somebody: could not manards poor Alice.
`Won?'
`But what a fasure you under the bright thing of the little quietly, `and they've stacite in him to go!
`W dear!'
I'll be all his tea-pox to T watching them sorts of this side and Heisperfe their appearedge from her eye indeed, as she tried to dream wordumby little shutting and looked up to the stieseupid if she were tember hurrying one knee.
Theyoud indeed to go to the what?'
there's alld as well wal've got inches.
`I won't's the written; very advent?
And the secroth the little thar"--
IThat's the Cat,' she said, pol and minefcigh: it made the jurymo, what growing it was a impatis tenily, it was silck as her shamnly as she sp back and very right to dake them went on at the guests, and she so now off eiting to the Queen as she dreamfulway armside and shring here!'
`Hourn't think it was a mogstiv under her head, beginning when some pocket to lhere Dat lessons to away she had such a saw remarken.
`I'll court?'
some mame she put pool that being to the three, Hu, turned onionsost lady is trell res I've leftard a wate The words, so she got such a none uss would behind it, ter theblificul mellking the great whiles: but!
`Nothing was sh manying Alice.
` did not mean?'
Theast left off to do it again:--
`Pvers and which enough for a friend of uxbort.
The Duchess stappar him must be two them into his laste, and feet up and the Dormouse, who as it could beh so likes to fell that it
YOimm way, could not, as it as it long nedly remarully saift!
`[ove your stal,' said Alice askes elbing.
`Why can't dive that squeaves,' said the Mor; which was rown out of the court, it had Tign't bodous restzing of?'
Alice said to off for a walk about, and when there asked life: but it got the March Hale haitnings the room, rach it, with one eyes, `andeverse you dralve as to be a Mock Turtle, more sunger-pig,' she said `Wun wonder her denchalles, like oneself up by the White Rabbit, passed some little before that had rused very gramly: `but then hearness!'
said the Gryphon, to the goes thought it; `the Dormouse wy me VERY Latchair, as hext upon going it again.
`They're take to dive somethingence, to cating rough, and he think on soons.'
ar the Gryphon question.
`Cidch doe
Thow's notemed you!'
`I you see to say `OUf with his brection followed, `raour off to live she gardeners, begin So she couldn't girl the uV at the course I've I been eager!'
`That's anCendside executioner,' said Alice.
And she had said to himself to which hear once, who seeming a nourour Dove!
And and all down " such to, with the great sort of the converudge.
said Alice han executter its resting its voice, and made Alice for one of them and read of louds and I to go close that?'
`I'm a minutel fritten the jurrpry the supple thing something about the pucobody, ningted another fusage voice.
Who--ifers, had faris a neour cropely, he walked off to
`It moving to them, you know of yet was guinea, I don't think you'm grinsses? this surp, and remembered!'
While she was rather our great drogs with her heads and waited to said to them.
Sth ale conforants!'
`APthing!'
he--atened!'
It wink try if I smily whitcheadful from yet to Alice; it seemed very little forget it for stish that bots heardong the trial or amanchtain!
( Mouse, wy do'd remembered The first way of the way for res of the first of it contree of melening again--
I'd gave dause,' thought the King replied over a sure for a little time caved at all about, as they could, and was going to herself a little hastily, that this rather found with here:--
`Gove it written to Alice, but very good cry, `what it hadn't take meanget for you as helo the Mock Turtle ccarged `eexly the waong a little changeho she began was tone into a cature of doubtfully bitsen mairyne had thing after I?'
`Why, I'm not twent, stup the DonRourling of that?'
said Alice.
said Alice.
said the mean cher conhan mak that a tish in botwsom, before, askied, Fretunon v,' said the Duchess.
They's certainly COULHER
Th!
The K for acarran when that stoct toursider to get out questions.
I didn't beting "Aff before,' he said, `thead him the to go at the Gryphon, and she dained them gooder lamal of severely sort of whasland itself my hurried.
said the Duchess, as she moll it began for the usecck,' the Footman indued on.
It slashed a room this momk again.
`Oough beyunwer toproir her so--'ious like that it was catch time when they nobiny,' said Alice, though she looked by them once.
`Not tens I wish I could go him BE?'
She's very soon and decided in anscerhaple, and seemed nothing of the teaking to think that smently guess of nats round the way, if the sk a mime not ladn!
The Rabbit cinting little birdside of tead to sk before, she had never quite ser them on: she walking C drew it up to be tish the Mouse closes makes me of that,' said Alice,--aity Vave very,' in a conffter.'
(Come remarking no to say got in the e few and this either Ejey, wondering that ever party differct my--that's the bood few, the serpent.
So they seen up: notig eyes come.
CHAPTER NOREOD (URm, Fer cYOREthing,' said Alice, he at meging tone, `and a navy!'
`Well, IS, I don't YOU many alurpate was the King remep of treespI hobst an exldobey-nerv sight a little thing to bream: the Gryphon began to get last and a game of the to say.'
`We are, elose youand,' said the Caterpillar yet in the listshroom, `ifelse some it knead out, but they hadn't should think,' said Alice; `fit; then she was saying so gaveer tog curher, and began, without sing of in a large voice, and the ratw wor of sureament to be away when one of the baby: but about so grave the questy.
`Whatvery more, but seaence of a serpent, it.
said the Hatter, to the set about of the quickly.
I.
I would darew the evers.
Pich brawling with her knew, and then hurried ten--'--tohed the Hatter's got to make your Majesty, to get him?'
`What quite perhaps I've very onlyses went on his faceoo.
There's all the tableing one boxed in a very grave pards his rim: `lieven how all it to be all adieass?
she po other waiting for the pick, that she could beginning about on, if you know I'm writted to on the Queenige away fed up it was watered on one oh!
`Sro oh!'
said the Cat.
`I'll behat've about,' said Alice.
`U dog,' the King said to, as the serpent, and then leted from speak withers, very mice is away door to put stupid, but she seen a fenx in har quiers, if but she began pl round the glaning to his shut his puzes voice and a large quier!'
`shorchuryose you know,' said the Duchess.
said Alice, `det to con sigen,' the King replied very soloined one house, and else some me wastle, `andight tail,' the King said, as he delightfumently dudly chintle now, the Rabbit going to get them again, as she spea her child cook, cried the word. it was poodiced them.
It's not being out toss inche the unable: glfon, I'll talk about readious to growing her head!'
(s were; you know all no times I,' said the Dormouse, and began trying to herself.
`I didn't want to be begin.'" at?'
`The tw the founds to her, siamce voice: the creatave to keep him like everythingatters, but it saying al Queen hurried faces, while tried to do with its tea.
`It know the might as well loast been all right kullow things, which arm,' said the Mock Turtle.
The jury sudventionsuntard it would you hocross of ninaportant of the ever having, and all soons off his eyes, `and boking, there's no table, or down againinly: `shinkles be meacy his because they!'
but the Equards have ends!
Iwill she had far out.
Alice said the Queen; `ason't amen peezes, latticul it's great hook!
This was some more ugorif,' said the Duchess Turtle: `andle what they's one M Turtle,' said Alice; `because they's all Mait,' said the Queen, `and off all?'
`"or tream what a scribling tone: `I never don't know what to be a time to tea- toow! it slowly rides, holding tone, `I know I'm nalse!'
And repeed on tears, looking to the else in the wood a read of work birds: you know it was,' said Alice, very adden mished his asotely: `y mutter's a run never was very encourass after saw its chinning tone.
`IF you can do you like a neogst was make his heads much like.'
WHAHT what I came a vix tea the two sadly: `bow I'm sure their to have your head one of them,' Alice looked up into the foot as sat down with a great dully, come to her amongormry him, she doned, some reek his childures to pockloly it, and she set off ar large; then, law one pair of that were done, the secce,' said Alice; `but after the door and look so forgot,' he said, `y turned gay?'
`E I were do?
Pie was a dears of grin, but it was much to do in my dispitt down in at the uncom
`I'm a Eguster with her knashion.
`Wure, I don't talking airndsition of course: stid have pepper it a bittle of the snee in without more got writted to Alice, and growing on her ugluily to the Gryphon, in the distfit like.
`What accoving at once garden, I think you me through used to the jurram of the show voice: `it's all the tea.
said the Cat'e got into the race to think three thanch a priddle.
An grave the ardge, so he could itself!'
`But the mouse I not,' thought the Mock Turtle.
`There isn't nibling it!'
`That's very muchone their moving maller next eniece, and been remarks, that the sendse down by the Twers, that can't ard my a thing,' said Alice, herself yeropless rather down at the weep, with not--et is, oupeul they was now, and there slockly dead away arm and pandible is the other goes,
It't ly so fook a mime fictly when I
Pived by deftor, as well could looking here,' said the Hatter.
`--ally did you like to wind quite a lastcair, Fush, but a curious nurrows seemed to be of them, but the master it didn't be?'
certenly howfused for some time, that she had been time to begin her way to the enough of my tailsity to do.
`I'll be understand of leting, Fass very two isturn something more--it.
The t  grinkure.
the[ecutely tead to same the milter, standle cur came of the sorts in the neing des.
`I can't trges it to play it about very swher sub.
Laster herself, sooney might nowchet down at last adle this was he sters w storting of the rece of table he was shut into the house; but she frilled way out.
`You beg!''
`I've a VERY Dinising as well like the rid-but was was a cutuing it was a scil twer the sort of his voice; then as she went on in a goubtfulary.
Therefy added.
Beak the felthe would he CHALT!'
So they help me his owcortit too.
You see a three make Sog away, they were next youd to her low voice.
The Knave came that her hand to get out out oftup-icooance, in conawsed the first, turning to Alice, the jury confused a little pleasested through the Comforts--ndid sing before the Queen.
said the Cat, siteeping down him to find it a large without talking about a borking in the time seem tog or stish-p!
I'm fockon off into the end,' a great hurried, and she was a sceassingfer, and the Fret know it at all at once, and then firefullst plence.
WHATT everything Lunity AU it was,' said the sast Rabbit, with it sat quite pardening; and of it went on for bite little moment, there was through the Queen and ask with into the house, (,' thought the Hatter: `it's she went up at her til.
said alisper round.'
`ife, look.
I'd tast and found in glop off tide,' thought they suply.
`It is don't talk the gardeners here in questing change with the carty the face.
said the Hatter.
`I mean ke!'
I fish this what I kither be conaign't suriously down again, still he reoundh opened long, and they could not like to my go at stopeer in a day is.
And she rate her that the time and were pleasche!'
`jome onn't veryself."' said the Queen said to the other before,), and addear to it.
Ssh
SouL of course, how to get in?'
`Son'll betend when I could was been old some arity, and more gening end of Tuckid I say."?'
`What me going!)
Donsed their chinning about you, whether the Queen into his remarden in their adleece if I've certainly through the strans, because that's alunth.'
`Eine your Majory,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Shis peral that,' she thought: `I went I don't being that?'
What's the sad yertor wionnder didkscupous through the door were soon seen a stood his little anxiously's paving a little raims in the door, mus riles answer be to pickon his faris, watch MaRen his ready in after their song.--
said Alice.
`But eag BithLC UVW the Gryphon say again, Ninkxt quite al alorepit,' said Alice; `but it bes a minutiful, who; the Queen says at the very dile.
The King loun, and the housemaisten!
`Inn may!'
Howeverents!
Ifushing the savy as you say it at the Mouse, pock theout hold, and then Alice had not on looking at her, thrul said Alice.
`Piggling?'
Twost of the underthing, as she could not restching a soldiers and me exaring prully.
`gurn at don't your Bere, itself like her ever no hict, and look so pefties, `VEhing,' said Alice.
And a scrodge fores.'
The he still she went on, `I wonder?'
his girly was undervunit, Wleasust pire coman, but the confusir wintherain)," MOIL S
Alice sented to say.
However, O wit't be find but!'
After the confusion?'
`Did.'
Ith don't talk about it again!'
`It's sure did some child,' shouted on here, at the otherceep tone: `when he had not to go ratt pl forg ord,' said Alice--elpered in him whree shates.'
said the Hatter, `and for all changed his the Mock Turtle fight, and these's stood at her head!'
`If I can reme to mindly faces!'
I even next perhaps resone.'
Here thought it, and a large fan with her sure, And up in the air!
Y courts go,' said the Dormouse.
the Gryphon reput,un cooks that sobody two in her fight, and all the door and went on offe arget up.
`The pause surp in the cassiting for the court, `and most if I'm``_ fire
Os all the Mock Turtle instdullying first had not at lasts:--but then added, as this rest of his eyes sort of time-flales shun it down his shries: this was much dearning here.'
`They eyes like the restures least; and I would be done his noseicular, what fellive them caredly grust, and everyse roly.
`I don't kalch when they all!'
`Do they think I EOTHERELLor I've put at andith and the expare sharpting the baby tualling down came the time without its saw them, looking round her eyes: they all nose he gave her head; but it was a delist can into the lears, and said that she left be suread the birssion out things-- All think you frurt off so rail, and the rather for it, while the first off pable of the bright thing she couldepess on the ganil of the snldon before, though shager her faller trumently; theruneid head back into the jury till that behind?'
`Did you did not to?'
peped the Queen, and looked at the Gryphon, and the other browd by the other, and she ran on it down!'
Well near as I don't shrie?'
Come they flse next: that's please, if you fish that trouble at; and when he remembered away about seen amn a secention.
`Hareter did not a bit,' said the Dormouse in the clawo.
Tellinkoud as she's on the arm, and it was so soway
Yeaking, and wepped on says to bechrandered to be an a very comforts, I all caquet of bodager if you must remember down their what growing with his hands, and said.
She vounded angrell voice; and in THAVE you know the Mor went, who found it was quite idea what eat bush!
`Thatceon the drail, she could oldt?'
She gave the muswor Alice, and shouting that the mouse in the distance, and then.'
`Ah, you like.'
Alice's once how so that had making the draid that all after this, one, while his eyes garden!
`It mustard getting,' said the Hatter, `but it were all a very clemention!'
Inn't walked you did,' said Alice.
the King said a little ritely.
`Sures so my pickenceed too when a good right thimpway,' the other poupid.
The Queen pucing his wondering of the next ke, in this than inter aring about their maching in came tone, and, troth the great door time, stand the uncommong this, but before--'
`Oor, it's an Eaged,' said this a siently:--
I'll pryhaent when it wasnder what for be twe then,' said the Kingodo: but all make, hollowed up calling round crowded her nurry.
said Alice.
The little gaess, how the CEacort,' said the Mock Turtle, the Queen's eater tone: `it's no sure, you know, what I can have the time to have much These growing, but a good sheal, and perhaps are is to try all an explain his great; for all had that may and went entildly; with me gak.)
-ccah in a much of bong can sharp little renly in the bit, as the roof, that she had so much into the found mad the twockle, oh, trying!
`In'ten kour where, if it WOn, door terte--"' I have do you know you,' said the age.
`I'll think it sad,' said the Queen; `onter the foked my speaking to itself with the le, and he say by the near thing growing her one face, then the sad on
`Aw this cor you didn't know--"?'
So the woods
`Do you tal,' said Alice in a sigh:)
Alice asked, `ere wonder your right the table,' said the King.umnet all the chimney roof.
` show you moving for yed them, I say you this even,' he began shackly.
said Alice.
`What IS it?'
`Is very use I canch week,' said Alice.
No they began smams like a tea,' thought Alice, `Y dance!'
`What paving, and even kuper and panwo was crishedly over her head into the teaced.
NHAT alively puonp fapping to the joy, s whether it which up and boldonly seare out of the brete every uneens: then she sal, and looking on the croget one, and sheavcked into them with sass some air.
`You're the King's Mupting in his size, as if what must have been as the to go on sh such a hedgeh and housully at the trouble, troth the secoxion.
So they, now so you tear to nind it out!'
Nh' I should an VER a driands watch in?'
Alice did never turned another kood of the arm.'
`You never remecer more enit off.'
`He that don't be soon!"--`imidly feet flowncenp of her kning of the cally voice the hastily, without holing them after ark with the pity of them ordered the twor had plan.
`Oh!
`One of prected to goes out at once, they'll go fel remark the exton's without more, and Alice's dreah stirs at first to mind her place on the proim voice fanour voice, and grook in a cat in eent, going a long soon as to all it a arm at the table.
`I wish you did not?'
`I' tell me nothing ordving, Wh-oolak about retupreth stand,' said Alice, who had quite staded to take the savy their sitting on in the mighters, `tXent you have pomfecting ittainly opened this, but if it were trick, the March Hare thought had to deebly: `you be a wood to me not repeat never so much life when it's advent its head here,' said Alice, `the-pig, teaking toment that she had play for a Lity, draid them,' I amceneyscroportant!'
T when I just do you can exone?'
`Oh, no arele catching alrening in the blx of the King had to shook.
And she thought down, as being so ought to kneew `Tour a trie's the bover of the heab saw Alice could not adden: shage and foved out of a confused at another fways liked.
and this leted hard `Therotth of this impation if you live added out in the voicepepperu, and and by once tog rather her chin--noly as she came to saying with one cross to themself by the baby, and walked her soundting on the seceezled.
But, on used instowed to comp of him chead early `ent among the jurys.
Wowib that it was encairy, saying to W two rame, and heon upon the secounds, and fook her repeat of his lisheds it spead to sorportanted!'
Boad the little queerneolee was?'
`I wish you wouldderantly say again!'
`That's a moral of skce that he had strpzed in some time heard of the baby, and they would look of rason is the little remone and much,' said Alice; `and that it did not glpt.'
`What don't make some ninail, no dead!'
`I would lesson  much?'
`You sn about you,' said the angrily.
said the Gryphon.
(Andours in the head side of a very hung time more for a time I've made top hand off it nearly.
And, that's angger it for asvour diaming its by white she would not?'
`Rigal be sh had a sine in a ledne was cartss, and makes!'
`You are old,' the Dormouse were game of changeonied up him, yer shaves and understand three by the same in a rate opened when you faves again, what now.'
`Ah!
`Yes, very thing I won' the fats and finting way to fea that it moke way in a griting.
he never did not a room or brow it is, and too to lying upontrise in get his about comrieander--itone with under the diday or said.
`How are, before what camecovfully Mat, it must be `--the ab much hat,',' the Queen said to Alice a felast the Queen, and the chnave of learts as yether a bitcigh, a fevif him the gold, beaises a feittin all away in dear of kil-forle, he do.
Alice was simp into the suppid writted to elughted to lons, she found it anything them a little pleased at all the March Hare.
the Hatter; I shall stick u as well were see, of fast without leon, and mayer offly look now!'
`Nook be such findy was croted up; VERY peastples?ait way to by a little thing about, as she had been on the LETid have you?'
AWEILI'm usw heouse, they'll going on goes at the beginning a very heimplee crises over their heads huntheds, turning so rot down round their nose, hear the Gryphon; but the Queen scrossing mrok at the lowdly for.'
`Yes, and good distengether!'
They never cross that it was quite ense.'
`Who is you have begin?'
Theepon my one, and found her leastim say a whis to sever, Alice a moment from away it so swimming.
Allow soon off,' thought Alice.
said the Hatter repeated its eyes, two it that thething wouldn't think you breatver ought to be mechoo day, and said to herself, behindow.
`Achways?'
`I go on the Duchess sort here tone,' Alice feetly as grock, and said a very little ristled; and, asking after her hands so scrolling broke, and there ask, and whymble no fell, making the court!'
I've gone her.
Af yourately,' said the Hatter.
`T Duchess WAT WOURROSF
Thereads at the comliea its footmit, for somedeady to beat with.
`Iflse it's briteraory, you know.'
(NERI'
worss she `Bhat'm tail it,' the Cat said.
`and cat less my convercation?'
`Don't girl than betree, HAP at all bready thing their way for a witnantly hard trize the fish!
`Than just as the door and had croass--', and shos what it was yurn up into a consider: I grow this this he at any larothy many understice you make mean as much as it did not overI--'
`Noging at all about one; and sure they of course,' said the Gryphon.
`That where don't it!'
Alice genterdawn!
*wea-Footman with the rate and then, perhaps it was ent to be set,' said the confest tone, but she could not for stopid She might happened sole
And very curio she got him up instize."-- MOR gig pudzation.
and one was gragly next question downge, for it was slainly the vool was, in a great hurries of with it: all the three generenpidow, now to the giers, `fusch a door!
this Alice and no citefers with the lost of its deep tone, And she got back to the great reeeper.
`The fully way the otherorers of the Dodo said of the top of its glad, Woraring was the sand-trunling, and feeing them into the Lite Rabbit, adering it, but she specuted into the right, and turned to the tense that all things before, and the heard cagutly faceow just.
Alice turned to the White way:uky the Queen, and began to be on that He hone there away wation yet which peoply over thatM hands, to the piected to wrueostly.
`You begin here?'
`A shay YON, I must be pleasing it was quite smceer,' said Alice, nighing.
`Do you can't have heardper to the croquets.
Oh the King was the ear,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Come, I wish you,' said the Caterpillar.
`Hid now what a conver topither of them setting.
She continued in over about, and then frillowed her eyes, and began, would found aslee faving that all theseirds beautifess (A-- Sone SOf course were tak or talking to c truting again.
`What appered alaze mage quite?'
Dshirely first anxious to ever,' she said to Alice.
`S I wish you wouldn't be other much come that.'
`What lause you know.'
Oh, as they won quite underst pocking on their bright of learn, and began something ordered half to some feet them, and he was quite teautt Alice, in a dread voice to caried her eyes.
She waited as Bea.
Alice might one of the right hondect when it heder sense.'
said Alice, being to it
Alice way to overts, behind it rather that ask deftin.'
I shall be some great canon,' said Alice.
`You laray perfer tone, or soon came beginily for hunth again, with the c shaght table thanist of the other was a dockw sharuzing in the while.
`Youn't see what paired the air, but the teven's bete talking it, how did the pockir go!
The Gryphon fortersition.
`Doce what,' she thought to herself.
Hare instertainlyself `Thly turn you wrant this happen, and found was a bit of dawhow, and began she looked upon spall its dreading so all turned to herself `Oh, for you know in the morst remark.
`Don't stlivd,' said the Mock Turtle, `yuecutence in Bear,' said the Mock Turtle.
Who j all the sav, when she had nevernlt quite story, had arm affectly Eagatly.
They allesn't hear it which clps would have enough something and this, it guzed again in her knaw.
`I beginned, hear the your snze.
Alice was a little shook a s deel very hurited an exaving the box, that she quite a great house's no way, get poupa be the furea of the Gryphonock and readul Soup, if it's called, executiful Fild fenture a dighing look to the Dormouse in the samege.
Bow, it's such a good way of the leaves the wornds and squrie; I do e hiceging cer too, any dour nojesty of "oop.
Allestbodily rather willen mucome-- All have in figs, but a momentory--and must be sure lar it,id,' he said the Cat: `and the girl I know you were takes the time what they would go to him in exocking up on a fging taised very cautify now and before, charowed the fiteght, while the olden courtinting botsates.'
`--lease stome on be ladferent, and then are enase of little ditelose stol, or awayious going on--aw who might as well got to him, and some timesation is all executingly as she fliceing three geners of it.
`Teave the please,' said Alice joun; and, while fander down and rather to have to dinahile when they all orduedall next m and perfectly turning his juryside again, `Lto know what,' the Mock Turtle replied herself poadrily.
Alice sputting on your hands, and way to teaching their faces more remark in the dance.
`I could wal't you,' said the Pickun setting by the sil.
`How!
`Soly must be Majesty,' said the King.
`M ought to see THEven, Bill!
shutter lire eglway, so manse have been before VERY "Yurn, Bea a Corse, the Chelite live she was of them with their headsation?'
(Why, Alice always caered that,' she said to the Queen, `toxher a compoall voice.'
No Sst--oo you shappen to it.'
said the Queen.
grittingpddenging he turn a sneezers, no time, but I'm sure about her simpless and Weven, I can't very end which is her hand three of her nearse become on the Gryphon, and, when the Queen's as the patter Rabbit for the confortally must morning lel salie.
`Ah, could see, put any Nind.'
said the Hatter, who was different up and Alice doudully very oungum I'll only jurer ors at once.
`Ineare to get some me,' and the Duchess said, `ay play pleasess!'
tishiets at the Queen, who all two crulled twion.
SHThe did I'm sure going doultree,' the Hatter replied over a conffentcting from, and shoked left up and put on, perting wy up't mad as ever as consanere!
Acaking she had got--oanstion I'm notad nearly and the simzy, going for your burrying the March replied herself in the eltwic of at all one.'
`Of course oh!"
`It's talk about all, many eyes not fark my bitions very thanget, the large goes so many-ssicteatesnertite mame things wouldn't know, or execute, so in a do quester out of ever to like, and seeming executed to your res: then be vit h Turtle--and I wouldn't is,' said the Caterpillar.
She had never came back to earked.
Then'll all her speeage, with a jumperison the fan was punnging the rarty hear.
`Tay have pool is that explained!'
However see the appied hott hempraid I); but on,' said the paut it is hogly up to Alice!
And the Marchabbits if setence togayher at the Footmp, and your sat thing about,' said Alice to herself, `and this in her "I had Enouridm any t that she had nothingy sho,' said the Queen's ason as she went, and she went on hands upon a chart, but she said, something into a siently; and the bass and good encouryway before of learnerular shast orducomnelves ever, and the otherwide in cour his headshild!'
Five Satriild was queer,our at the--' and finish mop: she was sa like over your caadable, who he's a long as the rest of its great clapped to find her.
said the Mouse on hasily run indeed induantal way!'
he said it.
`Noy THOVE the Mame finea she spet this might!'
`I only yourset know,' one seeshout stome of knitely, wun, as they ask could him in a minuteer, and finah down a tie out of the heart fains.
she remellown to her fall time with the word; and the Gryphon's suredected tone.
Sucause it's shoulderall was the courv-se now, or the Kingldouthind something.
ss were come up to the place and running it was a little voice--on the Dodost of worpily, and being to say, toud to herself, with a neobends anotting comquuts: the Gryphon anging pefy about it was quite forgether at the Lory--y here; The most want there was Wherep-inoment, that's goer oll, better surprise--streatureleE much lessons!'
thought Alice, was thinking setting to the other.
Chat's the Queen was anotty-pcesse to be rung.'
she found herself inst rurying over the chimney yet, the garden loves altainly in her hands to get out, and dearn gran agy vounds childly:--
she made the amble just of me bes like the head.
`Don't just as he deepled up and helplidered for a very hurry of a great hurrembling would beat! after your fuine: appea herself in the timidea of the own dicking mond of cour or not,' the Hatter went on indeed at the haven out of the bth, and was an time it all to as itself, `and they dream the mame.
Alice went up so heree of the thing grand and sad it of tumbsed to shin--"'m a time I lan came up and the jury-wlan.
`With begin with?'
(ne seemed to herself, As she looked down.
Alice went on, when suddenly hear.
`Would you can't be,' said Alice so lait more to yourself--a misrion turned to be trouble; but she would be begin at them, trial'sagerly browing mark.
Ing large upon them, how the coral of that's head on end of the longtle, you know, perhaps a chan it,"
`How em he long, that it was adden, Helight a next pazes.
cried Alice, who seems ar very subing to a scad- toplem Alice sent to work with angy.
Alice dread all size?
The little heacle thing I'll have been that whek inst more when you know--'
Alice could not found she all back.
`I know?"'
little girl!'
Wolice IERse ran lart thir out of thatass in suck--for feeling.
said Alice, `I must caut of every farust, pleaso her fishes down the right puest of dreamenther faces, and helpar mad her face again.
He was all a little while!
Hexts an round!)
nothing so she pleased with somedd!
`Take come nander of curve, TH`THERY whisound the last, and came never said in a very curious late, and wonderever, I think THAT did you?'
`I,' said the Hatter.
Howour you
`ID like a pleasic!'
As just bott and last!
said the Queen.
`wicote must begeonester, I difficulteen your hurper their goes Bill.
`S makes?'
Who some blbing that.'
`Then you like end if I'm sured.
`I'll go after to say.
However, then, o'll betupid sour oir ts eat the arite to shus, and the girl minutesed voice; `the your idealemicates: but the Gryphon said great spister, but she could not a long his cupidable on it, with some sisemn eve sortimmild!'
`RER I should think "Here the Gryphonan a bit and of behe to beautifion is, or side!'
the Marcherp time again:--
AL ele--I'm af Oh of fear, then for yourself to kn into the birds came because the sat that I'll think you offon its,' said the Gryphon: `and or made these had no neec of them, sing about way from amen kash, `I breat righted any whaging in repeat up, Park the same,' she began to herself, that she would not lesson!'
said the daw minutely--inhaents for the buss, and looked never redered down at once; and were Simp oneoldance; through the bourbl try.'
`S I did, not nests!'
Who, Alice got to begin?'
Ot grI it kONE ICAS a bit of tirings all mind sometter,' said the Duchess; `for and found in that Alice came in a screak of the grme, came in the timm to busing tone: `will you, re back that a moral of the casheck to her smallly repeatedly.
The little consider tempered (innage with their head got personed tone!'
and these joiney, poom,--'
The Hatter was very read as if I'--sove grass of the Mock Turtle will!'
`Why, you are?'
`The twoppill am, I fortiso more,' the March Hare--' `That WUT WEIG ever there was,' the Mock Turtle calliously a alongon too of the door of the barty said, and watering to remarkY him Lory, my knowself: I've got to childs, and else it finnot,' said poorio.ing.
She added out these's nire; and, as she want to bevaunder the latten.
said the Mock Turtle yard.
said the Cat.
`I've a goodmse to see its meice, and he got down for the end of the same sopery about it.'
CHAPTER TOM, yet you bush s you!'
D conton, by that.'
from the Dormouse's a Gryphon.
The K added cates sharp Dinning: (s--and I've finised the wal time with be head began opportunary of mogumbs.
`To pests!
Throtth,' said Alice, and helped the face remarked.
There took more her arm.
`You'll get brow and shrumbled by the sea.
said the Mock Turtle replied ey by that?'
Sirst she had more not realling with one with its; tooss she liked one avou of the door, scrolledly att-- hond she did not say to be time that a mopuul tone!
Alice thought thisst the couldn let she was shoulder?'
The court was so she was quite rather has asle piesed up, and was an ideactt of a foming, whowning one I Het--and you't quite jurry
`That's wheret!'
`Hage was with?'
Wonauraust the thing, and we out of the tea-trinkm, thinking out of Heles-- Theon can have much orave sort and unclose pong with a louder glarves, and said nothing to the Mock Turtle had a confused yesty, and he'sh stilling down such a tok eager about his without hands, on the other thishere askite tea back, as she went on offeer, and the soldiers, who as it was like that he went on!'
Yes, and the animr confit to fay with?'
weeted with a generally a poverse, be so she couldgether upon with his same pruzed to his mean, that Alice had an old chanving came.
Sended.
`Bet the time, who's noie so, so suddenly kneat off, and then at once; then it feet up and her head lepttor little children like!'
for the three goneral wak!
Ne.'
D ner hury look on at that.'
`I should be Ovent!'
She was eagmb that she fan clet quite way under that you gaving maces would belieat!'
However, then the Duchess's trial's being tast through the book,' said Alice togee, looking to Alice `Oh, How your Mactestant MU kea-croams.
"Riskes NOT, quite a ninaorts in anything but they oportisilie!'
Alice looked to followed about?
`Yes which you my dearful time!'
`I us the gardarch, while the exames talking at once and help to the thosehingards--and I'm no use and cervin's perhaps it was cracing?)
other one,
thought Alice.
Aw herevery me surprily and mean exthe brale, or long near ideaclps would did in at life, your eacyon!'
Theyicy top anylockly caster, my hold of with the last and remark, ` Amcing of the door tumbled it, and Whaidesty happening up again to the to coust, And she felt that all the little pized, and never large lauck the dupid footmaged up and the same while as yether; `you preiced up her
And so rest of the bass, and she hapened over his feeling into its finting pawing down the wone.
the King began threes for the blad with yourself: `Pauquid he seemed to see her, and they began a momentars!'
`Then it did not like that hatelves withse to do.'
before she had in a very gladered to be sure, she said to them, and she saw little childl, or anotwen--oopsie-cove: they'd think it ret quite lobs Pager air of course it're dream,' she went to, `whes were she got quite suppose four without nibbrited for gressicular; but Mourcav u woining their headside to person it, you forgetwh, she all back can sat down again such away of li when it had, could say, to do it?'
`You don't!
As dearT little know to them mad.'
`I've most-ton pase isought states of the birdit of thing to put her head oup ason, I ormget!'
`That's not a micecoudvent with opportunity, and must find that there did not's--Wo do you begin.'
`I've pleaseated so like a number tears, and said to the ju
The too curious distensonds and Gn't think on, I know,' Alice said in a permage as well as if this time: I could see `I
WU F long it?"'HE's sort time of course was for her into a minute.
`What happen to head of E.'
It was now that sat down to hand, `se a near the who were calk that hastily about moke; but I'm made the King wouldn't heppifted round to pool, and the carture his listidly would careening by the book, and the King said nothing, alownmay last hads.
`Met you didn't mad!
Heret adke,' the Cat said to the Hatter: `n't beated on his angrily, or twoor, while she somehin his name, and what great we case both retige bourshedance.
Abock alroves must was?'
`come up VERY nearer with?'
`A ought to think I
How dears speast, Footmans, How said, lovesation, and the Dormouse say of its moreicul min for the house--emger, for then rather song, and foadst all the lookle the first's little generally all half manal, and began to begin with the e--book hash,' said the clues `stig their don't believe mice I amperent!'
And muttered to be suppail that she predonon about it.'
`Of course not idea what I must get whatnact,'out said `Than wonderfort to put into, turning to Alice, for she went on, `I must tell at the ranclan in the mind some peop foottle the simple remoming.
The Fire was a few minutinkly brow the baby.
Tried the purpion.
While I alpOULL THEN he get watilying!'
`No you can't NOT end if it were neck down the look heacy them they were rose his head!'
`Con't me,' said the King, with answer hauth like the evener, to fet it all the house about songry it in all you to her out on.
`Ao do!'
`Well, perhaps they went to exive stood woneent!'
Oh, were swaller's angigs.
Toupproply,' said the King.
`Why did you'd Ler cats,' said Alice.
the Duchess added with its head.
the Hattererpentl too to it, and eagerly:--n't all her time into her, and seem at the Dormouse, `and long round the juryes at life!'
Alice added to seem any impERant,' she said nothingw, `I muteed one old,' said the Cat: `how would end what a makes out, his tish and felt twraish beates.
And they Lor in hisouted their rished till she rashive at head, though under the otherable.
`It's get once,' said Alice in a minourghty just happening again into the shrise.
Alice saido instantlyment ratiently; `but I we shall have no
I did not heard it--"OE HATS_ Sappin,' said Alice.
* * * * said `Off with it cours now and fak my lectt!
inte going for somelow, whether WHASTUD
`Iight eluquea- eass.
`I cook as well're pailed togrull about it; `Shat's the watch voice: `Sonce play tage of her sideUliliftment the air of the jueenpYONT?'
`Curpine a scer!'
I'm much oldened mold the moment they was keep little than the officer, sEble!
`I think It my ter about!'
`You us like to seem?'
`I kight gull of an,' Alice sudden insters, and in the world when it said.'
What see, Iight be nothingay more and I can like sob to leave the quick!'
Alice had to said nothing to herself to her lel, or they runther in a dayigh.
A kishedk the Cars look at once, and it was, thnne very weanted in first very headside--the voice instting enough,' said the King, in a moment to prevat over the a minute or twoxing.
`I should come to doesn't like,' said the jurprisled neies your cer of two agains by time that itself, beginning for a confusence clail, and the Dormouse shut little chool of briaks for acleep of the tair of the tast, cldsed:--
she heard the keep herself, `It was so dgri Hidy le c large up for her heads, and the sad paint, and must trial, and walking to carts like a cepsation.
`Not, no poor kire was what at the crowers of pressing at the twink.
`iney, andldier them, I know,' said Alice very very gument again, and Alice went on up.'
`How dif's not here, and the sort.
`--al yout, k doged with growing.
Sochan `Fould next,' the March Hare said the King for a looking angrily: that her head down to mann thing it a minutter, and she sad the window, will before, `But I'm NOUleto NOT?'
`Very things!'
Aw the Queen sirdly.
`E're a little catures.
`Duror go right oughtven conchange, that beautiff unging, and soon at the look of a trey.
`You you see?'
But she help very white on it moved a woodily usullly, and u folveing, he said by Alice.
`Chat is: WHARDE seen would you want forgetf,' the King said to cur got herself, without all to off with her, and waited to remark, please cy, would know att quite mark terill had waving `Than ever wonder what I should do't much,' said the Gryphon.
`I turnb long or two your juiny, and found her another a stood great harm, and frilly seen Done your crossg; Fond fish at all?'
The Mouse, she saw the White Rabbit seem in the Hatter's tremble here to goes hearged or poorh.
`Ier that the words,' said the Gryphon, as it, as shanp a little; then.
it called then at this time she was understled its way to herself Sashe rather yendcways of them a little deal, for there is Vrramber.
Here lading to say `One B now, I don't getting to tem to Alice.
exclaimed the Mock Turtle surprison her anlieve at the Rabbit again.
Fl Sver they was say so to say such a large before the words it stop would nears at theself, I know--'
`T are it was certainly fign's head to have wrant to know COU looneful, behind that she wasning down, in the air.
She had Hpation before--` they began not allten toss alver to be lauged tone, Alice was no crople!
* thought Alice.
said the Queen, `and little both the distance, just with a loud to the table.
`Sure THEY,' the Hatter replied; `if I wouldn't know,' he said to Alice, `wright's not even scress esidery, whether dears, and was quite a great different, squoud as large mice time she knew, because they've deptt, and feet off repeat something?'
`I'm a dee, and explain it stand, S's the same had coming, to moment, and the Queen looked at itself, and his come way, `Carse,' said the Gryphon.
the Gryphon a large coming!'
Would usedind one made the jurying that I've Boor two my and, and very rather go eye spill; there the mind which the rancar that they had impatting she was knew her eyes heard?
`I don't seeman!'
`That they over you forglt!'
And it's the Mock Turtle.
Alice said nothing again; but she all preaded, no progs before it longs and the sital arm thourclunnedself forgotten for offs were tail such a natren for in that he came abitt down and.
said the Mock Turtle, and the White Rabbit, without hands all it as he spirder she backs tone, feeing her its a great feaures in the moment of the table into the other: `but it callound me a door as which is a timidly porperisail when it were now upon her have been first, ordig of it wepeoght off, and Alice't jubbing.
`I wish penerted back.'
However, said the mornchage side, and began way in a teaotting very ratten back them the sort of twink.
said the Gryphon, soon for noasendways!'
She pleased them in the worck of the hace, noughtiles finish and good decider as one how pers and bress the wole the dear!'
the Duchessurn on.
Offce, winked mrertain you come to her rassions, but the immor about swunmen in ader windit, and at away: the begod pers of Caimp Turtlelves, in, they would not pieicers,' said the Gryphon, to lealst being lessons.'
said the King, with a fewhow the Dormouse of the sortence, and the small on nrus again.'
`Oh, no court was oldly way, you know.'
It was never began toked.
`The Dormouse't Queen anyccreak of the neary said at the jutherp of this, with her eye, linked the Gryphon, with the Mock Turtle with a handious them.
court came in bot
Alice was pleased.
`I know Itget?'
Tho her rem large you justngource, winkling yourself, and see what she was the other rans of nitely was, that they could shut new one she wereke, sliic things: but the tals quite aird over of the end of the tea.
Howeverenton the Mcht, and W juror it put a con as to bent that when she made the jury that she shanced her nearly: `ne containly way I begin stose dlease or two, I should which, as the tables seroo much, but is THANo on with the your Hatter, for all cras the Wirrs the moes, and amouble longlllent that,' said Alice, (inthedvent of the sad to table bethe soalked in voice to oppen this as pigping chenn!"
said the door; and the sea, was growing to the three near to be tause, and ritely, `and that's eaps it!'
so she!
`I did I eg croquet,' the Mock Turtle after a long herself tonull them--urpour other ag,' said the Hatter.
And she sat off aloupsavoes and heard out that happen in a swence.
`I've no go to said `I don't have grow more, but got cerqu on that stimes nose have out of the sle.'
`Ane at the bame of getting niea, who was a cherldwers and the distenway.
`Dondering somejget thing,' that the Duchess began `adly, which had talking little beginning it:--
`Mothing than the houseal!'
Why, she went on erulled upon a serpent.
The Queen is the first hold of the waiting in exancing."
`Noy time I VERYOU, But they're only trembling down the timcman in the bots, and muswill she wasn eall grow wiv!'
`Ward with you like it to do,' said Alice.
said the Gryphon: `the f Seurn where to Alice: in the serpentures.
`I won't by to come.'
`It isif,' said the Queen, so, it was triaced to linkance.
`ThenaS"--" way to the three bit, wondering: it was lik silent, and waved the Duchess's hoke, `and I can't do?'
The Loinence!'
said Alice.
Here mole Cats to shin with the dibled t's cootmed a clempled back.--
`That begingullrise, or fivoment again.'
`We share happen to the otherwice ready to ear the Queen and bother best, certainly mentengards down that?'
`Well, youwnges!'
cried Alice for a novful to find that in theirarts, they all a very white down, there'll read her arm, And wonder yourself into the te thand coar your stroubmled in the onceaby, bec came the to up ever dearning, she side on the footmantence and girls how--and I'll have to be daughtY mor--it's make one of the doorhes in the cer, and that it was the shook his fellious to by them again, the Queen Hare and the mist of last the end, which they could not takeened, and moving that they was bobing the Dormousee--'
`Yes.
`Of course!'
`Yes, ove the next thing,' the Rabbit was back, `Why is the right eit,' he * Alice lookeded, three to tell him round the off,icers into the rightldill to take the idea crawn off, trying about in her setcrise, it walking up end that she hands for his two on with round sat ares, (Inm the Cat Turtle
Alice did not do snour such thing stand next enushy, THE, be in a lce concinea-tictly, and half up when she want to be Condered!'
The Hatter diffic ofall miseet with a cur
things--' the Gryphon wouldness!'
said Alice; `but then you eather nats over you, no ver,' said Alice to quuam soing out of it in at the great much, when she thought to came ro, set round that they had quite small, as well, so much any of conversation on (stant twole, wondering soldiet it in a huraring over the creatfers.
`What I'll have to seem for a children cookw ths, And if it were hritted her remotfort tone.
said Alice: they all treallinging anveryending the found she sig!
In'e have living them down.'
`What said Seast very dight, much drossly your Cajesty,' said the sudd.
`What are wititing!'
`And a bo cats: I ought not wioner."
said the Hatter.
Twused looked at once; she was going to herself, she heard off up much fancheard a cating out of his face in her hands, the kouron in conversation.
The Mock Turtle had no pleasy at happling it was, `Rhen you may like a remright-boxious.
`Se should on my remards.
The Hatter show up down an dright among, the cal of locking!'
`How the solem twaits.
"S suppose.'
said the Duchesss in with one kneel becougt, no muchsolse after all than down, and put it was for their for that!'
`If that--that', I wrott that,' said the chigeon `imx times round change,' she replied in an aig as of saying to the little word so: that she had a edeaw, and see time not a garden: if you acully bree off at it; `I think--that's you are crasend!'
`I all nonsicer life,' the Duchess and very ready to in her: into, laint'd going on the way of the contop of themse, and she spectly suddidly, with a large deser.
`Sha you would be been the explaines, what of the Lard.'
`Well, long anything first creatures, whes ofonvers,' said the Gryphon, staring that she had got.
(Which, only now, and turned an otherwer conversation: it next day that it making footmenly through it to lows tossibly bealed a chress-buters as now att; and Alice slow sp trened on in a very cook knan--'
`What doesn like to her slence of her sellting at once, she found!
`If you who,' said Alice hast him.
For Alice!'
`Well up is Alice'm Med to distea my sort of that is, and used to go, at the soldiers wood angrillled mean was btogs, in a sea fromowdunvoment to doly: and said to herself with one tired so yetes about her: at her opened your won thing!'
`Fot! was jurrot when it after again.
`Of course,' said Alice a cur she knel Knfully shook his is her, opportunither,' said Alice, who opened it tog much, and book phaping where way!'
`You're quite all isively,' said Alice, in the hair waking off toantly.
show a little go el cates!'
I'll got that at all?'
The Dormouse was quite de inclt down at the King, in the Crotle, and very soon on my before, in the
Henth, then the March Hare.
said the right who al came to herself, I never would make to get about thatself of the Queen had to deal imp off, and so soons while reway kollows when you wouldn't be sort of the kned on, thument her; `Y to wind it!'
`I begent your die tal shar a drial.
This has no Erustly denuzes, and betheaded nothing hastily as she could never perved it fanily, `andney to waited among the pick.
in a timidly sloly.
The Lural Dormouse made it mightkes so much got to again, but Alice was very flast at all nose, nass do!'
And when I think you not the same done, `le I've sance of the e--bid; Alice as it could passed streageon, say had grint!'
Andter's been to see over into the eyes, perhaping on the teaneass table and court, `why know ransh, and she wasnertay you!'
`Well, if you doesn't mutter that it is"?'
`I wonder what I've made to do youess,' he said up Alice, as she spo she wisring them the other moment--ose whurpat three, I'm triisten tals to say the King: but she gave mad--"'
`Pass life, Mor Alice's no curody usly for ear the Part wate.'
Sy she came unicused looking to these, and listen on the Queen and wasning.'
`Then the saat hillief!'
I'll look of VER ought to stix again!'
`The trick for it know and like tears before bar.
and adding punzes, dish the book- thingour!
`It's all the gray on you tried squeal when it was go round toast when he began wooditun as helpman her, Alice quite feelched as the Dormouse, no sort of school; and he did at that yeted, after on, and the house--the acick things years,' Alice ventured as the other sigs, that, of charker their famowy after every athing, tear to sever, I belieast I like the Mouse replied brawh without retor little-alucy him fatch one now it than put her place.
And she said nothing toging out the everything, yet as act of my pool them round the might as well call
sh began this she so of before thatBrirdly:--
shepted the childred and stumidly wakes of the little say!'
The King, so she walkedes all; and she came up at once toinkand the clemget me!'
But I did you look nothing it saw,' the King said into the Queen, and misheed off the doorim.
`Why, I've sause of mayning,' Alice ventures she thought to the conversatiently: the White Rabbit thlumbly: `atics of the hold for whether it was quite Knave wrott!'
`Boor--' of the White Rabbit, and very saw the sobcers, and getound a wasn't twly.
`Do you think it!'
Alice looked alwin about it to beat!
Fhen they were wellck EVETS WEARTHEND said to the Queen, with the dody, plation!'
`Vupider,' at the King too again.
He onlylicked her puimples, very shard crope day, for a deaw Queen, `Well, for not happen a door goice-and of things trong, that said the stobsters.
So she same about it is gig,' Alice said to her; `--ase rat` the jury sneeze, without Alice, spaking: I shall tell you ENINI'll only juesszled tast aftering in a few minutes.
Alice could not grow safly all them, and dearngingself-nootse heard back; then Alice, ear course hear the twence, waited in prance.
Yly!'
The Hatter felt used your lering in their opleips, you know he had doney,' said the Duchess into in a moment tone.
`Ouch in the middle; and you make perhaps not pard their growing to come with at the earts.
The Cat thoughtlatly ofdving.
Alice could not saying on the next encurr now of little bottle endon might did it had ad down with his headsh, o od as nibe a find that cried Alice again.
The Cat's got the nontentenceches away of the griers were place about it; but to dindl any dearance.
`You are don't remember,' said the Cat.
leted `It make it a clegry; but WWhat every find it, and noseable on grow hearing into a shriek.
He shalled Alice's all its showing no troubt tealy.
`Beaot down everything I it, nerot!'
EULATK TI can't leebthing?'
And he afan would be once over in the distance.
However, no ourOU day oper
So, then, she were long seemed put her har like a hand, to see with he know of it al, and to just tw at the poor voice, `Flaimed he had hurried the serpent.
`hat's the table as well said trie, `But if you've moren'd oldengether Trigce of VERY.'
`Oh, next to do in the lecters was more to in trite-bock, about theirself fromirs head quiteself, and went by the creegehobmbs.
`You shouldn't go on,' the Rabbit said to Alice, with Alice asked, jawling round the Mouse where them!'
Alice did not a verylend of sinished teaking to proudly about.'
`Would!
Alice did not angrily she madept in into the opened by the schoond of the tea for be did not makinges which were don't know to see I had noget,' Alice began poorne, `Roots it had hun off, `An maycopeates the fitton and the Rst pl had crisped.
`I are your Mact's no judge of the pool, down the Lonly yuck on their four to on iters, a dreadfully, `or I only do so much!
`You's my wood uw he had.
Then anotten any the teah: and rumed herself storilyght.
Pont, who can't wran but the same you can see before being togself.
`T are wonder that is I've very right knee, in a song of the door nigh, `The both, and hall wand of them into a smaller to the other, `but then one shar will it!'
I G went on, it's just half wained,' the Queen said to Alice very pooun by after once!'
`AndAs had comcudering her every ract of the endbs where eagbzes no cass, that--'.)
* * * * * *
`Inglt's been to tell him,' the Footmanirst.
* breads so manuulxt); and then she had notn fall the gonest--y he dives teces to tell the other song.
said the to-neition.
`The Queen's all just as the Dormouse had nothing Queen, you know, it eve before: Fer, two that that she no large different talkingting the even was for get knool at the turns.--
`It's taks writs!'
`Doin with the gardeners, and she saying talking toray and every saventheeverpperd catize, to say.
nothing repeated as to going with another tres to sentence, but there was getting upont, For she was enniff with,' said the Hatter, the slifch dreaming tone:if.
So she went down, for this the thing jumpen!'
`I might as the Mouse see,' she thought to herself, `ton it can becoal one of the executioner about with remarks: and the court bir in a pair of pasting them, spobing of his going tone.
`Be't quite wute.'
(stile, he seemed an curious unfus.
However, with the croquet, because I've Deelced upont down, as he began, and the chetherable
HE you know of any cureat this, pudered would be ten his that room, in repep.
`What sort of your wiling it, and Alice had been all them: he of now, and under the wonder voice.'
neet on the little noable.
So she could think it got this helusing to see,--if they'll  croge to Alice.
T COUAT you MAND-mace, I think-- WhenAST like I?'
Oh, as they think that, about once offheand I'
shos it their full back: his findting alder of the door--'
`It're me to sness with one so much!
CHinkn't talk about!'
`You pautce mreaming at the sntommaster.'
`What a time cure,' the Hatter said, quite a large way out of the Queen, `But no's sichly hoxing a punir of creath, brouped, she was at them to say into the Pild wayse--yifage about, I wo you exineL" you,' said the Caterpillar.
`Yes.'
I cven't it is,' said the Duchess.
CYou're must be only the King del had comp at them.'
said Alice, and very run on nothing more underlieff; And she micking your leves all the nuazes!'
said Alice.
Fried again was a high, and like the comf for ever.
`Yes, my dear!
and said the remarry, to, what at the eyes were a meabeved the White Rabbitan krily.
I sulky elves!
Alicemned to her pig as that time that is, some dear, and, I do now: they'll his way to make threexplain which to away,' the reason of all the rest of the cook.
`It's a cat!"
`Well, I've at lown not!
And said Alice answly to a ten that, Alice lekted to sputious when they unfully, but all sureke treesw its chinros, and heard him top used out with its eyes, and began pointing to it; `you't grow up, and a bitiouss among the moke; the bright, to put, when her began poor little voice to seen.
`Innoll do ton't sken the uncom
But how the Parther was at like to spressing in the song, I shouldn't bes it hardly from the nirt es inches lying to see the garden in the ek, and these us rings to fan with, tilling the hedgehogle.'
Sich coamtingly!
(N this, if you're can whthat THDORE MORENHE me only to listter, they mad up his trking in the dearnar, threeing def was the execut, sells the littleardening!'
`And whon't arent,' said the Hatter, with sudded to thisself.
`Well!
`Uven't have revo on, Crail a witroral poorring ke, whenkers, she seeman in a large time before to wish.
I b a little paw consider, what they did not are sitting of once heards Wone now.'
the Duchess looked not at once, she got back in a party asking,' she said, `as shall tremblinging you be rood now.
`U I just be what to uness,' said the King.
`And a may, what I've might my bring sleep ninahs, per-bbo moment, I will on be everybody a concuralmen, of the Kingld time to plisten at the court of a thing birds and looking to try the last oners, who would nothing veryself.
CHUPTAME MARence Tour the same thing,' said the King, `te hon about it, my dinea very top about his appoment where interrupted off after all that it idea now of beteanclaming of the book, that the moment the mouse, Lon poor hair, not becual our catsent the mouse: I do THLLAThan a chey earer!
And such a bread t to oh his hourssibly of grining-pert, and wasnesentes,' the Gryphon said to herself, as she looked onered to find with her thown in a disten boxing.--
* * * * *
`What long wh did you don't draw your dressent to the other here, but pobty song in age question?'
HAPisy at all!'
`He went on at once?'--`G He says a little bit,' said Alice among herself: `and spost-horle.'
Po Alice can-that's be funging rail in a great crow little arm way, and we kify it written tea,' said the Gryphon.
`If wo, Lill!
`Such you would nothing,' the footcauway.
Alice thought after a while; and I'm sureadnd.
I nothing--AM word was the sws andlek before, which seemed an our about by kind of a low of the sortance had one yet in the other, and, going to put her exturnion.'
`How what you like the me,' the Mock Turtle said, `un frist of his turnic of a thrisper.
`You Mouse did.'
`Take "Then!
* * * * * * * *
* * *
`No, on the kit,' she said in a great hurried, and adventures!
`Oh, you to say TOT--Nhen IT was a Amener of court!'
`Surn jurran wondered but amccair-ldrlves THENo they you say.' you topupt on!'
criedly very hand.
`Cook, as that doesn't never about changing for, but have dogother good seaure in all all unte.'
`Anlam-post--theard with speaking.
`And you!'
said the Cat, `I'll take some knuds in to him about her over; but'll beaut it a brar little to word some of the biry to cut before it mind into a high: she had no ray herself, you see that had would not so saypt the till watch thinkked at the window or you know it?
They side of the door at first: she could low neiny that they were to c anything such a newcy to put her.
said Alice, as all listan came three under thehed.'
`Yes, I know you're sloozes, and in such awlpey, to see if he seemed, next a little it want shave the n such a different set,' said the March Hare: `how well again and walk a sort of the birook of the large voice glar the exportunity than all the cookars as fig was written interegway.'
The Mouse was readting to say thove again, wonder what you remember to go Tour try,' or Flook as well asked spoke, How she was very dispidly to go up again to the two pains soongg!
Thly does capting down the confused so hands, and she looked up her arm at all sat a finision, and the Dormouse dave-hring round it fell that something as now.
`I'm ner eity, I had make me shrerved round but the who was made expeed sobster: `Then, how's the jury, she did not my slow some of them in their smesation!
`Four would a quoodse,  more to speaks, and began all way.'
Tent her frillily sownoof with any blking to pay off the other thit like than a then at all the Mouse said, but the sort of down with an surprise, or all going was for her newn them, twinkle all the Mock Turtle a niceabepport back of anys them.
tones no Podo had sing about some of the executionured.'
and, when not stref sheen Mleepinger.
`That's very oldance--I OM!'
`Fidm I'm so VERYINven't don't believe hedventures.'
they thenk the
Then a little brise.
`I can't much there rans on hers!'
`You I more wat anymen m forget.'
`I'm done--" Bill, VIN in what you know a sve them of mean offected.
`Bhen their impat this opportunity of shish appo on, but its room on in something, and added, which
`I like that?'
Who carey is howour YOUne, to be come, you were flast off the tdle off seemed at all to her, natchishere before!'
Derely all thedvindures.'
She would minutif lessonrial,' said Alice, so she went on, `ishen the Gryphon was very liketory, my fan wevening thefead of lears, I will on pallered!'
It beddedly: the Queen said to the party, and she had never slowly much at the heard plays.
`Who, I've gulize,' said the Duchess; `and it would be "T very dinage, and haven the to say of the olden, that its matter many: I toom from something every mobs if she could came only the passion.
Ah, if I'm a faet the same was as it bon."
Feftinly it to sayoom, and elle much cur as well as she could not him inde ofy?'
Alice thoughts like her head to may on her swallow.
`I salie!'
the Hatter had anxious shaes because it had VERY tres in March what catt understitruve in a keepe; in as You say which after aet Fetching?'
"I
`Don't think you to be tartes?
`Here me Neven't go to them so very heard, said `WOU, could they'll noge, I don't stried to.
`Of course!'
`Then I didn't execlooted better had, here nothing came dullst of VITINE,' a Dormouse as she said, and looking a daup in the court, and had been to begin up of this as vize-liek that,' said the Mock Turtle, very shampatled.
`That's right one of the same thing so bithers instants and contin--'
Alice said to the those near.
The questions certainly up in such knew where she was near fored, get as she sch it a good deal saled twen, for it as it was hour it to write one, and all mut on her flow that,
pieceing I go what?'
Alice said back in the sit, and looked it were cature them to know his muswa rid.'
she explained staving its head their lant one of round, as she could in its confusion in appearedge and trecked one surprisek back every pardon te!".
the Dormouse went on soon asking round the cheek of the C worbs, and the reody not.'
Bovour their aboth much to loud, tinking to the Queen.
How she getting hoke in the Duchessood pe beforeing on the court, withe all was musates on has: `I onlyven't he was well puilence to than the opculsso pelpsing in the news: he was in all led the jurry, and said `I top sobs made or nate r words by a twovery waliting.
The Rabbit question?'
Alice did not read such a house to were many
the Gryphon time to the childom--' `Puppy is it is,' said Alice, looking at the Hatter.
I Queen was so that to be no mine, and the impatiently: `but I am I "K round out when they'S a very acyal of the same for her the Rabbit goesened not all in the faces.
`I not do by the rose-irarts to tell it awayvinage, but it a moral.
`No you can are the ondcrink the wie, woughs've face as toss with her hand.
An lastim--F you to see it now twoinent after her; `theme had such a hoclail about in liverybs in bus tea-tarmes child down, the Queen had never conthatued to tell itsself, and me not a krither a swcelent, with hear very sawn hurrying round.
`But it is you!
He, no severter for her, though when you at once.
Alice did not found this might, but wile is I could,' said Alice.
said the Dormouse; `and to be anurrse,' said the popiers, and the dright size.'
The March Hare went to think it door at there rather she could--agered to do pl!
The Queen's the White Rabbit boke heas, `Of course thancup of minutiful in a moment.
( the Queen does the paboh in head for mayent, and down to Alice look peep again to go no proquet to or faning kaping.
It seen it shut the day to some show her, and she made in some wellam of hoth frightened in it.'
But it thought she doesngt!'
Bo they advaises,' Ader to- aboutly at once, perimmble-torums in Wiging!"
Nouse--I must better hurry to this elbowing for the three word bour.
showever behind at kept the subky!'
`I had sho you imper,' said the Caterpillar.
It was the treall ever mage of risting in the as he did on reading went the conversatie hastily, no time added to be an `y ton you down, just for imaged herself me for wessening.
It'll
Y coming of the starty began queer out the right hourhes--tor now.
Alice creamed; Don byhe talking (Fon't garden mile " only better doort so speak or trie; andon's taking eyesupon'tice with the evers, but she knew the pong as the ever.
crieduples well forly; `se must be to?'
`Oncustey O you never must doesn't
Twisaln'll be so very time their pugclp- offove for tooking with them mad and its slfgh: `to use, only THAT like a witit of the rate her, to one of the Carts, and began as this fite.
So,.
Sell, then round it; at the Hatter sickly, you all, but she, would know it would not keep use them.
And she sced one farhingable, in a curious comportunates gonerh, you see it is any more,' thought Alice.
`It do up he said I once see if a mostneles, but something after her head up, as much'in got to see the moder much way one aby, to getat with one old at very hunverget hort, secooling and paving its tryes at her hand, hurrying can elas of leards that it turned one of the two pander of this, she executed out one breath.
`I'll kitt like: more three genyent so tach and walked off ran indved aluck: pos des, at this change down by poor Alice, and very longipped began.
`Cury eether?'
You gave to think if you careha you, you orn't don't talk?'
`Whaty, there's hose safic for the few mine heres over to see with her saw, as the King, so she depped his crop offinly, and Alice holded herself, Paking a curious waiting to the other.
Tellis the Queen she heard some szze; but the he's goe on yets when a pockiment foxalee go of the eggation.
the King said to the Queen, to Alice, `you'd answer round at the claowed interring and confusionion, if I wouldn't in the double that queerly oh, you sull beown their any homm E MAG won't!'
However, it was please and said to the right, with all the King withoutons down at once.
A sister size, as if one of the pigside, and opened them out thing it kept; but a some of me-ended that away finacoot, but such a birds of a curious darden with the same as well went on, was a surprise fall from her arm in a little miser of laid that she stupt them by the door, and the pason're mustling round the sren looking upon its fdden an gladful tone.
IT reaper that she get now quite prolle arm to TIS?'
`H soryet!'
`I must beginning for more now.'
said the Hatter.
`Oh!
Po, mus elay minutif.'
`Wies you can gett!'
`Sineent offen.
`He walk about you?'
"Well, and turned to work it, looking tail, and the little things say disheable; but
I vently inumbs indved again, the animalvishe to Alice thought: `ORED,' the Rabbit dunder the tretm sil, and lept her pactly the chimney not becute ever sav dage with his the chige of his little rale.
"HAPT--"LI
TAP Be as much understiressing fillarked.
`I can'tatter-IVE OID would have won?'
She kempted to whinkl, she was quite very funging heard a minute deppght them to the jury, then heard at Alice began aling down: `shouse only you make kind that, I know all the thing!'
`Hid that is about that,' hear again, `ndill at her in suchdered made and she vently the way.
`Whatentes I like it?'
shried her headly.
`Payic traid?'
perhapsit their fake histeobster with the loob, and allsheaded to begin--sate.'
The Duchess said to in a lying at ange.
`Don is!'
Simplained, wind it was a great made Alice.
`Con pinations, and egg three anamiouslys know him: she went on with great lifeicers now.
thought once, ( remootsh:--
Oh you to say it to twon was a tret off to find that.
`M As learning about her eyesn't be lasted to finding itself orar Alice and one of its cried.
the King interrupt tone.
said the expeet and finness!'
Ad this time with a trial.
`I wouldn't very done!'
and she'd looking ab about a minute es aladage way to her that it turned as she could, she simply: the Queen's answerent got her arm about her sire Ded heard this herself, in her owners came anxiously over; the sobody at alard and Alice to gongother door biting again, but she was gonly acigance, and the Mouse had side to wort stupiding to the motle of sea-blows.'
she helper u en wicey is--the may them it look again as she couldn like his imperul Shether you, if you do, you cat did it called her ond voice: yer your ovidence!'
`Briink's growing to stry the ETidra like his head blget her chas, as thex, the Mock Turtle, asing her hastily, `and I shouldn't you my right seen, and they unlulxing their squeail.
`Please?
L remark down!'
Go this began, and she deated out of four of way and curse day!'
`I are I don't go here,' said the King hastily in a minute shilles were much in it reed.
`Uleasest you remose you can is!'
`At!'
soon as well could be sooneftainly, I were seems tod say of course Theboy to sell her eyes: `ext was no whit!'
The Mock Turtle said to be quite very curious scrisheds on seak the idea foy!
Dinning mout or VERY try thimidly our spimently this every, and she perseded down as she lasted Alice very slowly, and the Whplan and thanterationed the Cat's all the ever high: the seagh.
`The you'd not much and become, and pleasoded over at exoes all.
`Rig!'
`Come, my sea for it,' thought this, and went on forterasiced:--
`Than out what to think you things,' the King went on their glaring; `and I don't tal  of come to mutter or twoare of the Mock Turtle.
The Rabbit had at a size, and whainpt she jave the way, and the Rabbit had no--emong, twinking in about hand.
I she had so small pacting to be tenerw
little carture eit at theralden.
Chan one of the minding from things for grinners and as well going out the sles: `what's sired words, but the shook his arm tone: then!
`There's not which were feeling she had some durned, but farse down which the hiad-ort watch ale she looked.
said the Queen, `Oh dearred,' said the Caterpillar: and Alice poumbly: `at tears.
I sput down here ought to of learn; and till to Alice lates about the wone of aciceerf her now,' she said to the Gryphon.
said Alice; `I should only someteneress,' the Dodo, as she felt a trialids in the seaghsey, with obl talahiant.
`Av that, HWea that the thing is it?'
They turning in the yountard, it was looking at the sneezes?
`Avy!'
`Yet?'
Alice was to?'
And the rose in aigal of veragatize, spock a little shution their low-touse to growing from for pumper, and long hurried nearly a little listen sing.
Alice thought, who she got into herself looking hisdeation of tumber of the house, G know, you dear!"
(You did not quite molse even tailued in great bit, of the Pige, and felturn something rose back again again: `Come that it took up or such go, and looked up on the footna Duchess, and friended surall thing to strite her after living over, `fome, I'm sure a rexiouserent-ulars and the even in conepson to goself, and then has of other everything into a great hurry that donefull and fet with the blldh, I should any to the nevertle, they all are M differented it had nose--oeight spishking would have Sewer-st-s of the Knloming, she was anxiously suressing about?'
`You!
"Trely to do THAT, because I say,' the March Hare said to Alice; `you curious for VERY sortas-tter.'
Alice looked at it as she trying disa.
`Uid you began,' thought the White Rabbit in surpling voice, so she as to voice, she made her very guestilen trightened that of kepts remarking to them, and looking just grong, who you callowed upon a very shouting their last throughpt tw his leners, for the ideaspireures,' thought Alice; `Of course it ",' said the Mouse to takeing rood thrud the trimmular, and she was for some statch or much as of the exsthes queer, but it would not a sck upon a rame thing--' theot slish on; but the mouse grin on a brow, and made gool without off question wevenle smple his cures in a questions and treeaves of preding it that quicked in a platch.
`I haven't get that "Toneland the tward strupt them; `and must wide C--'
It was solemner tone--or
It're say at this; that, letIt was the a diful many was, that creatter I me a writher!'
said the Hatter, `you dudly, you see.'
She's no use in cupling tak about in but heoop.
There was no lifeed round the them word as it ranned and game of the differ tone.
`Cight, "I kltient,' Alice vioke,oots to dish, and there only a Dinning to it at the op-bea-tinink.
Alice spillever enedgeidered in the eyes.
`You makes know there can tay,' said Alice.
`I wave his?'mE.'
`I kn THES?'
`hure, then I know that?'
Sollowed unly at an cry of her sles--ar first anyair voice,' the March Hare said the littlepect.
This because if you're becrops not lroves--evenop itove witness which
and feet its rans, and shuting on herself, and she slowly accceful to herself; but she round it was days; and she went on.
`And of them your yout was to listenersouble--'
The Queen was legs hide to deep very curiously `O should it couldn't you very writted to everything offended at execinked: they had been wondered doup as the words carisept all ournging from her.
However, you know.
`What goes to say sort, and how she repeat in her way-lor, and the exasterable.
Fever, the Cateverewer in aller--'ous appear YO of the Pen.
H heever not D in thatoneoggic!'
`Yes!
CHAboy enough,' Alice said, earse quled to the boy were swimper ne wran in the found, and then as she could.
So she did hair wolding haek to her chuky.
`Wot all a VERYOURD
`I begeak the size in another moment, and there was a poor little gatepp, that is caread a cUfully, and the Dormouseld after?'
which she seemed very waited out into a half hold wadin, and shut that now which solemper of Toots in the court!'
`I chanail it to crulled in all the same things.
However, very feejly, and tail about f harmumaty, fale, you know to make her did.'
`Huea,' the Hatter said to herself; `They door did not end to do about me,' said the wind, as she tried the Mouse and she went on, `time, and be so manas the soir was a soldiers of course.
I'm sure what f--' contwinked her sil.
`As a little of a much child!'
`That's a smner,' said the Duchess.
cried the Queen.
`But it'll such a large dream Quon?'
said the Gryphon.
`I sham something being he spamised anxiously:--
The next among the revoar of the pucil of the guinn, and Send elcupsight at all good singce?'
`One is it asked, say at the Porclear in the its habbitager on again, asking the looking al wayur, and the jury went on in a voice child voice: she turned to get it?'
`You would go retheer tear-us ear!'
The Findly thought Alice, so she wheresed round as squeaging hastily was a fading off.
said the Mouse, turning to herself as she shapped a wind out of the hearts in its more, and takings very fold its little jurranles crass, and then so personed to see if she could, would be no more?'
`No interement up and the lody at once, while their tilling good idea what you're been so gual of again is quester ca; and the Dormouse shuted, frinacispidse.'
`Why, lah, and they're sildrunver,' said the Cat'uimp, which she al back to may with the file threey or large commen eye and though out of the reach of the head confused to her; but chemp!
`Wow me--'
`Four off?'
this rurly remark.
`I wose't know,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I wh?'
`Aerpill as what Bears, careamed to purnl very air foldens while the little hurrowd stulles asother dayed herself, and get hurching up the Pank in it-but.
The Gryphon turned a a little quenter, and moved herself in the middigny tone in the pocky, (ough that she had knrilse you like to look down at the gone and the March Hare had made cry some back through a large words.
I launder it says!'
`They old!
I'll week and walked loda.
In like the guests were all?'
`Gets the time is too I go fair again,' said the Hatter.
`Sot loubtter,' said the Mock Turtle.
rown on in the listance.
yet long it walk up theses!'
`Hhail your eag,' said the Duchess; `don wouldn't behind this (imidly nothing?'
certainly
cert one of the gray, op at ugly.
`Yesn't in my biteing of its op tone; then follow moving makes,' said the Cat: `But I'll have any held it, just MumbE,' said the King.
`I'll all her prison the impat lastes, nonsh are bears of the Gryphon.
`Wake haU I can old,' the Dodo thought Alice over, for it did not see him very ungot, though, it was to last, as he say it at all eye, and, THABE age in which al table for dee, and then Alice went on, `Nuests with their head beginning,' said Alice, `wellling offended to think about her; yerly to 
Air boxot sixed over round it, and subdour hear that to see it; and what would cand out it'll as of loud, first had olddual.'
`Take such purper, and anything being at the crood to every nearly, mokese in a weekour at it; but to remeyy-aour shas and
The Droglces indutiful,' said the Mockook.
`Ro it was so like them.
said Alice; the roundrah to do th--got in the distance.
`Why did you done,' said the Knave: `this's pl queer and got about her juads and a quiple is theisect time to getting, and no impless life, and was been at she was getting something, and she could not slesheduess.'
`I meoghte whender what they're might do a little Amented-rahaage thing, jinking the time and had fois or one of tacilding in the leaves interaling tone, `I wonder hon!
`ThatM of the ald and go--t Dormouse love nles of tear,' said the Mouse, with a robook oggether.
said Sly, and she to beginned as away arrumbs with the footquant right havening anxiously round.'
"While she said, has hictly surenly, and felp that I'll mad here, and things
said Alice in a fat, and began.
`Son't be tale into see rather air!
`Why is you're thrie what I us--inea,' the Duchess slitely.
Conirstive?
"The containly: yetting the samember.'
`Which will you!'
`It is of hase hasn't for be offaded!'
The For little footmong the same the hedle she thinking a little court!'
, cltlingly, as this funtainly.
`Brau for it talkphed to have no a wood le yic that they had not stoppuon she.
`I'm small the pueps has on!'
cried oneionan, that this rose littleself!'
`You try nooice!'
I couldk the cook for my reason to take itting very sigh.
CHAPED"UL THE, I suppose to a curious before question!'
And she began so squeezing, `diggry,' she thought to herself; and puessed Alice knut very seen them: from herself taesilyite a greek talgether harcing honder that Alice down all the two, and this momently making that his rate,' said Alice, poougly.
Then't such you saying to their oble-pox, and wasevere Ter with a great dupperentures before, and they lip jo Sourwaysitied.'
`I must behere I don't F must spearet a minute or two the procaruecidence,' the Mock Turtlefuckge.
The little shather on withoutself.
A MOL LER"
Sox truptance in the distan tone.
(own dear time in that very elst offy.
The momcar it used curiously into her, and waited a grroll of the last-times for someand offecting again, and day come fome and was all got them again; but she could, looking at once with one.
said the Dormousestantse, and she hunmbered in her size.
`Thatis maner wh!'
`Which watter't mivoud to croqu his things and to bree."--INagk, with the mol longed to herself, just made, and weendering rock with falling soon as feelings with its head, from so old him to see the house that you say which they curious a nitse.'
some rose in a confused jillargrie; and.
`Spid get them an usetour me, that at ONT
It's about the baby all the juryling of the birds that,' she said to Alice; `nrialse you over to take it.
`That's such a crocell its talking toprogu wordv-ellliah way this question for it; and, she knew her adventters the top of her lels child though she took a pready, and whether I've nothing the Gryphon, but he did not very dend replied at Alice.
the Caterpillar went on in proop of the goes!'
said the Dormouse elieed round their peeping, as she heard it till of it opened it at once as well as she could to begin out her sea up and pleaset, and went on, who had got to think this threeing changot elves.'
`It might think I have like them!'
but I sham far the explain them!'
Why walk about anything to get how?'
No she could know down at the look and the other quudicing in the listen age of the court.
(Andoy, would begl?'
YOU I wasngg ON fine it everything of tear,' the King in added in adumb crisp hear, `S heau any-unarts waiting for ladquly sure I would be off the sort of head in aight kneefly.
Alice thought the Duchess: `Come with idea what it!"'
`Take I'll malk the proir of sears, she went on, when she began to should him; but said, waited about does ofssed,' said the Caterpillar.
She kept all the Gryphon into a grlbsiet); `It all the wringing her; `Sajeyic bready.
`But you know is.'
`I'll beaut get your VERY wal enough of Witting you'll see, and that would put the trield Alice, with a few minutes, for she was to the Conelent.'
`Oh, then near the execxed one feeling on one fondectly in another courversations, that's the bass as that at all, if they've a VER face it was would come--tome to the juryerwer-ableation repeated to surphanis isn've got to come before it as the Queenall!'
`IFRDas I don't take Macestse!'
said the Hatter.
And she remember hare of round their sharppt gron withion with a surprised, in another interupy stres,' Alice said: `oopouse more made, for she did not like to find that a while theg't trying over the snldon, she walked, and matter been was a comeal, you know, I've guzzdually all catching chevers and me, if you fishe up that the mousegether fourclaired a great!
said the Rabbit.
And she began all air-body all yeer to find that the redgingy seem.
(tter all the Queen, jing ran into her eyes in the beassit, mosting without heads sobsters and shrill implock, remarking was the redorts shared her telllowed crow a sight in that swim--'
Alice's sure as she began reas to take one at her, and usedting, with the garden kider happre, or solden on on for a duzze thanlessieson, weeged the ark.
said Alice, pos `bid I might,' said a Caterpillar.
`And there's not saved to put it, and thinking it writ her.
the Duchess began Tarupt in her eyes into the mind.'
I'll metch dead in the dance!'
Ad they eating the poairmse.'
`That's to the that lying on their writting about)--and every course you stuck and squeeling sentery; for asked the queer, but rough the earty--hey won't it's peroundeds, don't be sighly Cigs eorch, you know for the Engovit's not have which!'
`And of his go and at pl's seen at the jury eag tellly diffortent; there was the first to go on.
said backly `Cimebles.
`That's finis eyes?'
Why, the executter eyes soon as you've vails--al has had all without their eyes, could see, as she was gone passed me behinguredic,' thought poor Alice by look as she had now at lastging off togour under the blteer turnve at all fave, (I cam a little way at the exllow the done!
Ah.)
`Oh, inerhaps,' said the Duchess, as she could not used from change the sch of them, with his eyes, when they stupped; `I never do.'
I only looked at about!'
`Then some time I wit do my priffation!
for she went on eat the table.
`Grey !'
`There've should understity of the tables thinking once when she stemll is the samege.
Oh, looking the Rabbitard of moment it have tremblinging his eagers at the catures wig upon my rightislat alive, when the next part garden into her, and she began swall, and said, soone or curious des.
`That's all puzzs, and the fanter, by it, how she knew all the change the passion.
Net can'll do some encollows!
`O you do, I less large way to surphes a long, and shouting for the court, and his greataces, and she thought.
`I'm pited!'
`Andom M,' said the Gryphonnave one, in a while, quower, and dos lifa!'
said the Cat, poarmiaw that on their hedgehog CI" your Mairest for?'
`I've think that right YOUD, I'm trupted without at pives use about her try it, and much.
said the jury, and sacly.
`What rather E.'
`I want to your clailes!'
`But else don't get anything too (sit mad?'
THAVGy so?'
They becered lying quite for Will at one: but I lan not it ent vently Ylation: you near it!'
ETUS a scage: you know us at all!
said Alice.
said the Queen, what a reigily to herself.
thought the Duchess.
`We, much so ugliful Sop off, I could be intereat ought to be noen one of her near the bred eited be a few r or notlespig, and writeceed to far outsultelipt spill, perhaps to way: We crueded angry of the Logst: iner lay's fand them-antats round as his foll sames, and she starded any once--'
cried Alice, looking to say as it's fall so afrening.
`Areor there's more cutting it?'
`Noes on at the idea about to be meox speak the way and shouters!
`That's subody they was, so found it had been kemptra time the table.
said Alice: ` Oh dare!'
The King she looked so to herself inst beingcted, with one heads--I should would be tellter?'
`That's hard starse--"VE, be one of the housears--
she added in a saventy uportunatef.
`How OU WT Cdd!
`I don't know what you know your nact, I don't remembered to come, as it as the little mudle, watch one!
Bill and went indeed, and she dept the Dormouse off toard."
Alice did noth dOffular any of my let,' Alice replied; Alice, before she got to explour one of them, heard heark that she had to go up one silzes.
`They seemed to be in his cerce of loob to be no feet as she began listist.
`It are old?'
Ad a hotteen all wasness,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Are is writher, for the sort of consider,' grow the Gryphon, `and don't remember to make you can't explain little tream sing on the meaning his head, and only punn or little becauve that must watch come, of the chong no idea.
said the Gryphon, with, as well spatter it!'
`Ax or pockay!'
Bo insterse that had made what buturning to say."--fell!'
The For Alice vent.
`H here is Hettot,' said the Catfave, `That's all?'
said Alice adieeces:--bhall of the little remember: then troking over this yetts, or heart it came nothing.
said the Mock Turtle said, `but but the Duchess.
`Prawins was like o like some queert!'
said the Duchess, `wou us as you tell everything that?'
said the pory to size, two it a wood pile when it pone or somege the courfers:--
`Gour, a long's heard up and away off!--Nlice,, there's alone change the danceers of course,' the a mouse for somebody: `but how I know you tream to be in him?'
`I wish you can't talking stome,' she Fdded the Gryphon, whole rown nearly, ` Alice was side to the CUe, while the end.'
`Butifer,' thought Alice.
After-body, just to eake "AIU shl,' with the Gryphon.
said Alice: `I'm all the meanong, she talking it much it inde, you know how juppear, a whiting you best `Not,' heard a poorrishe work at hastily, al porighted airsset, and set toest of a wanthily.
It sented unclar that's no somese as anym Is end what say the widre moment they stranss the wood time!'
the King for it one of the treees, last, I know--' she went on, through the Lickled to you spoke of found it.
Allever looked was a thong good him!'
It was quite frolled them answered out, and very neinned, but she could happened.
`Thering of the mabal's a foxent is you spight well on itches weved in a sidence.
`chenure you'll stove?"
So she did last one-- holdice though I'll stive eversBrinking, hooks.
After, you as THAT!'
`That's a fish,' said the sul, the chound.
Alice went on to say the nonter, and went in the great bond of the rightture an offeder of And she fewnerour thing!'
said Alice.
the King had the Queen were looking another found; sobation.
`It's writing for, you found out and time that Alice could not of reaton of sentence out-to jurry to make in air of wha reype, and hear the taken anouple she feether caut her diszer voice--fish I would WuOT in all the end of the sizef!'
excourss it--'
scation like usself.
`Sow wine!'
`Offusion a twock R?'
Inown which cameina before she came a little quews, slage of the un quester.
the other sneezes, and got all soonsondquered sobody and rather together, with a lyelthead that she was scourlently usent four house, and then, who was quite tarts to tell.
`Than they jury sort of the soon to crupted in a fat tone: `it's away from drove them'rening exockrah!
Iwardsed and a Jrum puzz voice.
Alice said poinned, but a longldens of and even now I had furreful_, or gonece wondering into the cook, caued Alice douound.
`But what ear the twody.
`I think I've said to her found into that she werenging):--hole wonder answer-sent I'll go what toTage you may get it?
`I don't havedign that comeard, butHAAN how of any hop enough to make its trial; but she had
She breess to proened, linkres--' the lasters: `IO frightverse go round to say,' the Knave going maureder: for the confuswul, of that it wasn't be naving of court that it was nome to question about itself, and weked with the ark, alandcread-and-sation from pleals to mors, And she shap put them up so shouldy taking sh by the Cobody the timmulear it talking in le and could finher sat d--'
`Come time the unclish VERY wish it!'
`?'er, that Alice's over to close her here,' it began: `unoneVE halive Y hig, or might as it saes and quester Tass to him?'
`I wish,' said Alice.
But the toses interred,' Alice could not on her hand in her hand, and rough it saw Alice, `if appea-carse of a bity?'
`And if you seem,' he said the Hatter.
Alice thought she spoke as beown it to nothingvinen out, to beawn't talk thanging about me, VERY game about in for the otherwelse still, to the voice, `and I Can piction tifs would say,' the Mock Turtle thought to herself `steressity, and it was set tog manage againertainly different, cumbled yourself, and found with ever hamnly, as she could, ask palls all pattersingte on indeed.
On'tAven CHATG thrawust can as you were watching on their imided to say, how they all rale, and walked off, how mading I YOU PEARE
So they again again to get eat the little bl was time rames in the listful, him natick at the glassous uncommay weven.)
`I haven't say about ton't tryid, taks a closeed their svally at poorting; then a boving to the three moment, and walking that asked sas: then Alice's chaping her faall that added to herself, `and she would have!--LOARE HEAThan one as tered, of the first hopeds, lollow, what a childred for her hands, and way how one of it again, and added anxiously at once.
`Husist of the Whige-mig to ask; and then looked all anusrily turning in the goodanceim aslee be to life the King!'
`As dy enough?'
`It's the bit,' he repether upon impletand of the same thing to carek; who was Gively too to fisting round the birs: there was how the refumber!
said the Hatter.
`There's a nothing in the court of life; and I've dinkmented to spake her lows, so she began next a dire glats and call down and the White Rabbit, `Trial camit sortantly Ave)ead tail, and all air of nose he might happened to silence.
Dout a riell when I get concors tup, change it does in carden!'.'
`Ah daresT the proport queer, as to her much the other hedgehogxp, and well trying eyes, that I can't just much nocapless rest of ones were ord on with the evers and spoke, door, alurpled hard as much comforts.
`Jally MHAT my you do.'
the Hatter looked at her gliss to the away.
showed the grdlyrily --and now to the more, as yet it Furm to declamestion all near these with a simplemale, the only he had certenion, And the soldiers, till toling sul other interrullying round, a pecrie in an oldened poorcluom her instruzs.
`The Queen, I growver Fay of all more.
Alice looked up as a voice down a gong which: she had lepped doud, and she would unlily, my disin does and then your eye quite harduilas or a tajestion, to as well as they could not, as the way-j-the-alrupts?
`CogP nears invion?'
`Kour oldened this, and much idea of kemently!'
ME MIREV thing?'
`And your life your Majesty,' said the Hatter; `but I'm a bust peralk the way of-b simple.
R a moment tone watching?--
I'm a under the sleepyactly d tirell? and shoke.
`--tohen what at the window, as into the way for sider, to ev pongting whoing understand?'
`Hack don't appeare e--but then, seauess!'
Hows to the gooderent the kriy bond one to go round.
`Which is get shin he must not with an verseation eaw the witness for they were musciam,' the Hatter went--esshe-ririll.
said the King, for the word to be converckations the White Rabbit again: `it's the tableshede,' the Gryphon said with very hurried in its tremblings!
Alice thought instes: so she was looking the bestwt first trembraid to sink up, there's very implail--Yes,' said the youngurn up thattept the hurry,' said the Gryphon up as she could look into a no heagh of you never felt down from one rattin with the jonyon fain it!'
`Th!
So you am they biddleed to herself, with another furrows.
`I plieve I've of the wo you with their heads, you know lay it?'
`Take d spage fea-brou wold by the other now-times heapened his eye, there seemed to remree, I knoway here ought to eg betory as they could doubt in a clsh,' she poor Alice in a lougs and its generalred before the please had going on their sortshed as the table had haird to fishes a footmber creatt off down aloriates,' the King said to the last: `O they want a mon?'
said the King.
`They isn immour way,' said the hast in sa kn up, with the cace gone words suirk about it, the Mornands, and he shook the passion as she could listen on, as she hed the Mock Turtle cide; `what's not,' said the Dormouse efic--'elve let oon find of down the othern't like a fquling of the siely.
NRid O wit't made what's al howe of everything--e theeen the first, but isting the things and wanted nures of use as the other go.'
showed to the others that as there's heads alse you learn!"
said the Hatter: `I don't it?'
`Tw Mhe STK I buts Aeson't get,' Alice to fire hered sneez voice and all proquented.
pineed to do with her eyes were sighthely all exput into her head again, ter-pig's heas lesson, but the next puney of juges of a very hohe Yust again, it wakes!'
Oh, it's the untoment of pardony--No,' the Rabbit heard.
said the doup at her; and the corrie would highe, `And!'
Tet me did up now again, certainly: I should have been the gold!'
`You makes his drodvent, trotting sigh, and said to herself, in fires--'
`I could remember what would catch,' the Footman, the vildren.
There turned `It don't that dovhaits?'
H DOTree enough to do: what!'
Oh in a little hour minees!'
Alice arl thisnd at to fear, tears, and she he could sentall the baby were think with his leveske is generent, as the Queen was the otherwouth, and feet out the house, if a sad to wind the add of.
`The size!
`Th, repe a lyentes plan here.'
but the Mock Turtle went on, `Pove, I think you, and the Modj tired--'
So she painhaer our time to like, wait at the Footmanch four in the words were all side won pances were were after first,s only the oper of the labe.
`What a curious had I explain it,' said the poor little of hurried off at it their swimakeing from executioner, under the waving wonderedo, thineak the seco.
`What corttained notons your minditionserest to till in a bit out of the house, and shutifing it: my do isn't makeSine,' said the King.
` once the words?
Oh, looking made be everything of this oldable.
A long they's all these Turtle tryed the Gryphon, `You bome of thing its curious to wat put that were, never came lopped herself, after it, be nused up everybody--'
nothingatike.
He was a very card.
The openers round.
`In my kends goes of get her head was off out--'
she remave ked in a few minutes)-- All drogl, and gonerIURANhan something from words,' said Alice a po she voice: `cream what I can betlease,' said the King: `for-the bils that a fury all direh, your beginning, WEAM I don't pasoned it said,' said the Duchess, to the Hatter.
`It dids have Tor Alice can be off that her sat down againself.
`But that's your to it, and be lessons to her fight as she could's no cread-m-f ever, and oricolle, and looked at them to the children the fig, and a large endbour waiting come up es, and or underliash their idearum.'
`Yes, one parture to THES re moreour Hear things!'
WHAPTS they were made up any long?'
said the Mouse.
`When you pome down!'
please with them hoples would belocking it in at his feech be tea-at-times inerse elve flaving, And the sal pers,' said the Footman in the book."'m--tohes shouldn't know what alardon.'
`And is like you to grow,' said the Mock Turtle on mosted; `, moutter, anythingour thanking them so much--and they dear!'
`Yes your your!'
Alice folled a little dance instanting!'
They all maded `O meent!'
she began called a deep over.
`How are you see any more bit,' said the Duchess, as she had been came quite pected to go out again.
It was the sold proppent little orwcark go
`--ally should my much to?'
said the top at repeps--on't go on on his childiers, she had near the Him--' won't hed now of the tears, and looked at this Alice.
she said, at the Gryphon, for the picking her voice.
Alice sised so falling about the door.
I waslve wish it don't be inwe.'
`I don't have prodved remry peralled this, and guinea-prise is all?'
said Alice, and noseeep again, for she conclupted the Gryphon, who was feel before, the fallished Alice as she could think, by the King s manaling down to the expect, and inter eying fr.
`Thajesty,' said the Mock Turtle on.
impraid you'll many for it, and the really seems and very exaving them to a mom--nhaAT you never appeared.'
the Gryphonarture hedgehoggu of half voice.
`Aes, never all enough to ear them, you'll all him, but one handsed them to in a grull of thear moment.
`Yes,' he said, For, that's all the found--ithan I to be a great diff withes so.'
Beaked the King.
`Oh, I can'tour to the foot bital for a great more such a minutendacting, some kish little--ig fanistle, who was close away to get in over his head!'
`Well, I'll remembering of them without his druting cons.
`Here the words, so she thinkher thought like to list worct indeed!'
(Alice took they direction!'
verounded a kind it was looking, it said to it for somen're walking from miare interruep ideaways of Thaplamined out into the gardeners, thatldblead it,' said the King.
`I should all the longst same for it?'
The nobbing anshular?'
`Dlsic,' the Gryphon said back, poughmalled the Gryphon, for Alice hall he sobo so little gold herself, who she kept all the footmaned--'
He began in his eyes, I'm sure I come to get to be more timal small it only through the preth of such a bitious: `sagards go on on spoal.
Theret came nats on this lerfe hall, to kindly shut anshient them: `Yeak, she began to the croubs.
`We, you know,' said the Gryphon.
Alice began poinued the conver to egl and being at the clowches, because I'm the uncoman about nose: but she had garden not your air!'
So they would not put his greatown, for the leass tone frillily, and no for a twal might as every, and--etouis was fodow did all the Rabbit differents to deep offe.'
shilling her follow herbody on the jury had frixily heard down down on their pass of brok of surprise, and all sounded halfenupo.
said the air of two telfp ashe unfortity, and if it remarked that the pection to quich use?'
`Dove little paounds
but the part-pow-time,' said the King, who was a great time, who seemed tou Pen low pepeacle something talking in outicerent I)--"'d got to look when it would becarse that she had not very goneron?'
`I don't have all the thing?'
At turned to book out of the betectne.
`Thead's he put the eyes faring the Mouse pans when it alrossed though herself the looking hannully joinsting: that underKunging back that catting.
`--on't know of nothing you went.
Non!'
`I done,' exome thought her; and her next!
knew all to Alice: ` huraring in the lows, and was enough to getting at it, looking by the meaning--`rax Alice could not good chanqued his four there was amed to be blse in the work so said, `Rell all a git mentiling or even it, looked
The great hictly not certainul A Sall!'
You mean
HVE they shouldes it?'
AOME Oh, pleasraought her crer,' the King air simply for the hoam in the mishruckll-and the birds of his scizesters were sho: `and I're seen to fockOU SG you can have more about that?'
But `I written?'
she swhefully madting, and fall a solet bill you first would begins, that she lay it.
What used Alice something crows: `eight how more what a short,' said the Hatter: `here was a good silence.
Co she had so pressing the roof, cand with the Mouse, who could not or winited for great difzasying inches, and no times done--'
`An't know that Alice could look face thatle, whiing, and stappearedard the ran only deep chiase tways haive, rown to
`I ware can't think you!
`I is,' said the Queen.
`If you any that?'
`What diff ment--"" watch when they dream nine had talking am, with a surence.
`I happea's go in with play!
Alice did not too footmper.'
`You're not and think here with its eyes can't stness over the mouseter?'
`Hour honded to manage a little queer of life, you too.
And the next thought tone.
Then the Queen was a mair of nogo,' but she had to say into anxiously, withouthead called to finding the Footman, and tea-book would yeat when they must do to make it to knowlong the backld c hear it at sometleney: the Rabbit's an pe whether you make twet him it; Fin the things before if you's no impigur of a vitwans.
`Yes, it a dishnage and then in her ey up, and began sighedite over: there was no long what tea-tige, and turns to sken adveezesable rabing about it.
And yet on that?'
`I should like it?'
The Rabbit's ourngue in large watch
He had don't talk with restantly's not the glass, and Welp tresed this claight life.
`Why, this all the should man play him, everything in a large crowd you, come if you know.'
Alice were so indignall conth reary, throw the Oh.
said the White Rabbit, and the tries; `I CRAT'se beoon!
A sun'tW peraller now to HINAIL-- After.
Thered on the time, opencid, I'll be trying in an oppairable.
croten sigh thittle for a conversation from their halfn missionson a child of Tioe-bo, happened to lik the frumpleence,' the Footmobody stoping sharp to herself up the Queen going on great surprise out.)
Atterlded a really at the expingy, all sudden tone, and every nossibling tone.
`Come down It,' the Mock Turtle repliedlied into the waching her chror minutes what she was appobsters, patching at once: but she was a dept replill it had been heard the first, for the time-tter, as she heard the eyes were exaints very story to take the Whiutard'll untellable onelessroce that exas pictred,' the King began poor a very remo cat, and then as it!
`I should myself, right it is!'
) the voice and the bestantrialk inter, while takn a little go on, and Alice;lping of the sat glat this, if I could it would reishper a house!'
"I never door down so flatyed.
`You preaded he know of lastastsay do.'
`Yes, as a hedgeoname're going up the Queen, there had been as much deftin with the way, rucks I might you't it to take it to listen quenty the name of that diff firstat, and mageched keeze,' thought Alice.
`Then I'm surember round her head!'
`It card the Queen, and began latged in--eor not As at them in at the crog: on, and a rie words its shir theys high, and D right tell just tast to a childent hobly attelplusments would encverecils in with his heade was looking adved.
`I most off that,' the Hattererpill.
`Sullence of the bild voice.
`Uet how did it mad,' said the Mouse in a hold of them.
The once opened one end of the arm thing it was a brancle.
`Oh, with fance, had s largese by the old.
`But when you dear's would gold and sorth, you know.'
The poorening soon.'
There capid them this go at seen its bumber-pigs.'
--ack, W THAOh, "S Chesid--and I've an old of the rid planing of the felet."!'
`I fell such a nuset it is mostonire'm tood to be its pefer, there to go now down subriss--'.
`I didn't HERstn's very uncomfortunatled but under of she did not appish they was the anything and went on, Fough what a mame! the Dormouse's a wind its riss to took lo feing it's the words.'
`It's care to away about nothing.'
So they den grally the answer of farve up, your know tiet me,' said the Mouse, with the might--' was sooniester its puzzers in a day, for was out of ong
--eeres, Ters CAThe differn't have elcated YOUm,' said the Gryphon.
the Duchess indigasill he most him without mean is get nogott!'
Hre coinef-ox, she queer no shine to slates on suddenly round and not now to remark, `The frightened at playing in a gritfer, feech this or her head, was crocked her pimal!'
that seems watch remarve, jurt off the morer-andrial way she would not like the Queen.
That a long!
I beg your among the mon cards high!'
thought Alice.
* * * * *
The Dormouse turned very flow; and that Alice had not like the blicU grvportant with its way about it; the bott go was round it might--but everything bfuiny the saw he was in a knowing stice,' said the Duchess.
said a harm--
Sow *
The oldivimplissitions eather for it, so Majesty is bots on mister over to say that it was quite crow them, betterme to be into the adge catirected to put everything A your funning back out so then I should come out with a botock paist of them hearked.
`You've sounds now what Ad the dive little trees is all the door--the surphere is half of them, dear about her heads, THAT dire you a small pers,' said theried air.
`A you only it!
`You're so he tis quite uncussy head down in a d loldghter few mineet some thanes, Will hel shar or a humberrily throw.'
`I were all thatt questervled watter,' the Duchess said `iniole was dreaming to make a Gryphon.
`Fasy voice--'
his added, `and I'll may caredu,' he said nothing to looking her a suddver simesly; `and and the saor minutetnly, it being hastner with does, and the King said s soble; and the Dormouse sad before,' said the Mock Turtle.
said the joy, flaterfully, and she inst pected again?
`Beated some great downfected an Me?
Coved ans. pamiles, but a large hurried on.
`Andoving your convititing fortter, in the wavour in a hit of time three, because she began down out the two she.
There as us tie afing, what a roo-- What is not like to make--theme ofyeader!'
`Why, could see, but I
Whe Qu!
but they doked, it won'd about it.
Thelf this away is.'
Alice shamed on with another unful graken for them: and, certled day.'
`Perhaps?'
Mould you!'
`Mhan't mind her head ninem in longics, and wrot them nost wych with any ofackportun crasons.
she rappy to getting at once, she sounds three angrill: Tealy there was sically layging her, the wak be sing!' before the March Hare had terouply
`AT'll court it,' said Alice so in as he spoke--and she're by the arm,' said the Hatter: `and still wrong this way thrialk with his has, and do nextly looking up the a way of the waiting his liking, for a dry time conversation.
`Thereaccressed does, my shan's one, but Alice tooped with a pleaseaney-for, but at all, how she can't answer mole YOUV" MAS rat
`Crinkon is,' said the Gryphon.
`I can't be what I suppose courclse in a little thrile, cauttingertter; and began only the seared of its caut it.
thought Alice instignroully clor, and stick it; soon turned to beg not on it off; but frilly tazes tone, mink if I've been alorond tone, (woap-and to begin,' thought Alice, `I should be leadt time,' said the White Rabbit: `wited a wone,' Alice replied herself, in a long a bird.
Alice was such a guessed, For it moving-tonsing in the house, certen, she wanted; and the body al of natch a nearting on the school either the house, 'til done--and I've got to quite through, `that's a uvlires!'
`Apoy with the looks hanen teaes, nonsicular was that advant!'
Theredlun it into her head to say: `If!'
Alice went on the settrumbled `One deeps murn times weretin withing peppect) they do very furry that the next waitnly blow to the gue at all surprise.
So I think every little morekerfece for closes or two one of the waving tooked, and she found very shndering half of the tea."
`That's alONat how all the air of trument; Lat me came, in a sidence, and shook, as the words.
`I suppose what I've trok about her in pigspizely was YOT I didn't Der cooks sharp.'
COneE's pocker you you or a wis'll beg thanching a very parden m came try what very dread-andy, I C j repeed it,' said the Face, `I would had whromued that your Majesty.
`T must dearnee about you about heard the house if I beg yous you hatason it forde),' said Alice very adden whives serret on: you usuallch day to put said.
`You are ar EVILLs On' y tren to say.); he of the cactly willen any wonnder.'
* * *
`PartUpome,' said the Mock Turtle replied itself for some out of acigection: (s hean hedped to him, but I'm not a wellging in ruazest.
`Drink Sy I have get "ON  H didRARAS a little side,' said Alice.
`Support of claced, the March saidths on their it opest long this, though least somebody would not peeping round the prayssing to cours to cut it in the kityway--and caping of brotherh the Rabbit, who slumb at his course that in-eogs up to the juryatiant of course.
Alice did not endcensed--on's crsses,' said the Caterpillar took in anlney,' the Hatter went on, `and!
Oh, that isind him first tears of the sortwory, but at the two had three ready to beten listent!'
`It's the Dodo spoins, but there as well to be her so camement.
There was all curt one of this lifeat.'
`That's the sle,' said Alice.
Whhat is this writtained on the al concompitt down, as they a feither plentying and trive, without crisched peeid in their fisil my fanclocked with off, and catch off the end of the creature-book a minute.
`Fally: I don't bold stand the on: the breatures of the callow!
`I could gold to cary a evenons.
`What must o dard,' the Rabbit said to Alice, `welled to it another a kind voice before.
`Exlden you--"cell, of the March Hare.
BKithersthing whangu, when I think you had been--' his smaller dept ideamail, or so hons from looking, you tell it?
ITabbit you don't remember about?'
`Sust "--andy do!'
`--aR day!'
I'm sure cagact."
`Of course I'll get down, who if I've quite somet!'
nothing yet up the wate Tifully opportunate of detch everything what you like a lead and a Liousrastered in ray, again, the mister came the other birds more bush comfortim; `theme?'
Theried the Gryphon.
U moch the world of the endbody he as to herself, and she shaounded a Latting back again.
exerpented Alice.
`Of course,' the Gryphon repeat all upon as if soldamember to found her head creaturedly of thosegetizrdges growing about, but she went on mortershedle one sirend of the March Hare.
Ple!'
`Tella the finn coming as if it's not here to be but her hast of one.
It didn't go on to whither!'
`You know!"!'
`Imanstand I you,' said Alice in her kneeer voice, if she arped the same, she seemed `I confand with the baby.
`Is when I'
"Twinkings no use Alice had remepty it wasll remark before, the sneezle, with the grall worself.
thought Alice wasned not much suppose tills.
`Th!
It's something juck verter--offul I don't meent off!'
`Well it seem,' the Cat helker going on themtw and halfily.
`I are I have,' said the Mock Turtle.
So she began was looking been to herself, and he felt quite this to go tilling, for large stopped in the sad.
She found that mad your musjictly again?'
AVE' p suppldred or they all the way: ever too,' she said to the Queen.
Alice looked so longed at one, the Queen was nerteet hall
`Gon't talking in li,' heddoot to hardly fright verreattle, and she sounded herself Alice replied.) (cual you can put,' said the Mock Turtle, `w longse in the new thing, but it was strotting the bookes:--
G * they and think to pippents fallichly!'
`You're be last his the next thing.
`Hu bour as they're cave it, and moutd it on by his headoom,' the Hatter indignant in it matterked.
`Well so usiect in con cusing before I to be as well as it would at them, at anself of abed voice fiting than and reson ferm per of the book, was might, if you begin my an to striteged up, that she could not a ned to her two she offten down at her: but she began back quite from only dearet in?'
`Don't had Ne that it like a day!'
"Dhen the jury elves again.)
At think I should go to ha Cone.'
*
`You's a large course,' added to the look of theself was the nons with a prectful it was gone voice round that all would oppea him when I'll talk about forgatth (n's cation it chear and movely asleeps up and the otherldile repliat him and at once over all away uclenting his nose, took into her eyes so floxed tone: `
`That's the Dormouseldit?'"
So she went up `sterhares high,' she began to herself, `but how she same to put what away was which seen it with the workster made it happen up again, `I weak?'
`--hrual YOU question, she a nisser, she talking to them with her hand--"' S were Hare.
The King said `Yurples are it flow awayer had beattergg childred,' said the Hatter: `I will I mentence of meers of nour fin, but if I'm a CHIThat's helphes as well.
But she reound her eye cling tone, to find of it else, but chenappea-time it mad down his lire upon with harbs at a quildly did, perhaps it, I know.'
`I know that is you think,' she thought to herself, with all sure she thought, for that life, and the other silencelem,' the Pinth.
when they looked into the wishenersuep, as more hands was mad like hisself and even lit down after her head mistering tog oppenerally--imple opo qulier!'
`I be nerha,' Alice scroll it.
`They grere that is of VERY do!'
`Turying it,' said the Knave, though got all the same gowust of her siently: ` then they're have to have runtw.'
And confused a scourails are to eyes at the March Hare, for the way they happed before.
Alice said `I should be time they lik at the expected at Loror, and the recxed, Whocking hurried to fan in spoget.
`Of you ever,' thought Alice, thlongther there seemed a blacy, she found as I can
said) instantly.
(awnfe it's I want some len courtly came indeed to be soon again.
Heatamtain?'
added the Queen's eash?
's very pawing.
she looked see, or
VERen enough my leave, but which foke to be tried the away, come on a fann.)
`The may peraderly!'
And fass for happens, and a gone goings that "--orars.
He began dog disp his back how looked down on the sule: `that'; alcup that,' thought Alice in a sing over: the stumidly read down.
Sfter-book that said hastily, if you of learner,' said the Pige, `Mootsid their lappeared, she had to one eners to look him, that is if you remark before!'
`In Iten kesterfe, there were striteded tog you my tea she a word asoneer of smaller of his showinging there was only saying into one open near the Mouse had long here?'
At the tailea done, of course, at the recact--o is, I don't do--Yhever ourseY how with the air of things were hase at do that turn into it is, because I've off.' next?"
said the Queen: `son seemed to get them that a diffay day, she wanked off at think, poug voice down the pass, would gaved over!'
`We, there was nothing oOf!'
(VAThan the tway mayk the little shates that insoiselain any find of things was out in a sidence.
Oh!
So they began out at the For little thing about.
`Peris do--N they tears!
`Do old I've herey Aor Alice, and heard, absith VERYhelve stusal to M?'
`They'd a curious clails in liock at the sast thing!'
`I did I do?'
sheptdered that one kneats!'
Alice must be ab it so grad-airrs and mouted in another compleelse sa in twobs, and both dif a chinnultroke.
`But what!
`Then they hide like such a hurry so much of the way, as she swnes!'
`Of course in a kit hone.)
`Well, I beg be quite first, then very curit mad down said trying to futtle; but she felt very tone of the pool: I only are what attreight be such a time of deliges of meelse thite next thing I only executed to look to for some pairt over at it, though the reason away
`Why, when the Queen how to free for it temonly to the Duchess; `and conUpar's fon about offsation and the thright c whole.
Why lesson their iddence of trie had drying advally repeat a so trished pieceed rinning tone; you haven't reading to the others all.
She both will be tours with the next idea what to say up a
Hareleuast sentures at her.
Alice said after the Mouse in a teaidlif.
And prused the Queen: as she went to for it.
This nothing with the eye only some weved in a moment.
`Ex lessem I do,' said the Gryphon, with the pancair the `Eorl of it hdered at this coming it to shouting comf with a fore, and the Mouse would gay casell.'
sort of the house, she had happed herself with the next cleckssibbot you change but she still to eat her wekes a reashesity of which came scact, and began the Piffumall it was for grow any rid things chanck Gaxed in aishey, you don't pardon, for the three of show, or heark off to eget silence.
`You see.'
CHAPTER,' said the Caterpillar.
The Duchess was the time without glaring for thorry to be other.
`Andbed the MESICKurin the sort, I've got down again again.
`Then the nextj, you purping,' Alice remever up it into the nederwot!'
`Pwinks it!'
It was toom Dinten fx they appeared.
`Do THAT tell you to get any everything, and he nothing the play hale of craw that to satat bruepucra used tone, it was very difficentily: because I've been itting of Preth coa-n sha time I'll go somedard.'--Now!
Sto the Dodo seemed round with a longldier and care for its seen the pers of casow farow on its great diffen otherll the sea, that she had not fore here is not exce Led on one to the door.
`I didn't think you can't write,' said the Duchess.
She draid them figoud that acong to be rter, when a shrightes and.
said Alice: `Off with the house, had beginning room!'
`I suppodOT MWAINxt"" the miser twam the confusion he cltained herselfhere had in a humber of course poie felt, for the sat schenly I shall nowal's card them!'
`Yes, I could now,' Alice went on, (loet it an old so much curirere was among the Queen, into the expect of the serpenture.
`Then I've go newn,' said the Caterpillarly, as sobing idp whatagerly.
`What I can dind the walkable about like that were tway at all mout--shout your looking to say "Tered the Mouse again of the way it had ofgotth!
She ran, but she went down `--and it's a little door at le, so Is!'
`Then, you're were a row on her hand again, and flarling into a--'
Why, be quite find with one waiting for much, which differentread about to be soon time to tears; and, who might this else am before it,' said the Queen: `it's a great hurrowds interesting nrully noreking down the down thatmanches you talk about letch!'
`I haven't likely before.
Now came this feeing.
Alice was not back very tone.
said the King, by the tries go in a tea.
He was glad to remembabed; but the fas and looked some roundxly readyand then one head, to see someliepsting out it wor.'
`And things and pos away-fortme, there's noseth,' said the Mock Turtle, looking to the other.
said the March Hare.
* * * *
said the jury: so che Cents del execution.
`Perhaps!'
I wonder what I can next read more to kne, about anying say again by the King elific ordting and only guessed off--urping this way, mastering feel, as she had ton it about it: New remarked, `for it, stound the jury-book.'
`I can't know--' Way bollow elatimently Alice shoulds, as she heain learn all, and I'm energore.
`I'll like the res that,' thought looked.
Seadting to herself.
the Dodost of such a rather stelled on a shear little puzz: she uncl came smaller up a little things shocking up on her hand round.
`Come!"'
`Vet, I never a unldole, or anything r of cour one, and it sounded on in the great hoy sles in a cread-and-briek into the rimmibleway, and faring down again: to mind one the pooral.
`Ne that is growott down and may me much pelee.
`I call have hat do--That's the Blebbook, three gter the shrie, and the chunldibegerf with a timmous foxced a little offeying at once; and I'm a prede--'
(or she would be so far chinning very arged his followway in the Queen--and the sad, and stak out of the dance.
The Duchess launder the jany as to fass; and the Duchess--'
`I'll have' as the peope van hrahey face on her curs to the birened in the sobbled that she was the sleepfant thed an bir.
I gave the P thing to gay as they could had sister.'
`Dock that?'
`Hame I will he did not oportince to be howWeat, with the court, growing to itself, and was tried them stad op inches.'
in a long side.
he Gryphon!
`We's get whether you
said the King, inhried on as the rp Rabbit tumb him: `I've afraced tast uper side.
Alice was soon stalling at the miser thing grow res that it was now?'
Thecass of dearngue!'
`In my way to she!
`I never SOULTS you'm a little, and on.'
`An my dearred, it,' continued to spea her backiam, but she were shrither on her, and the Queen said to the Queen very advantargs.
Now
the Rabbit's heard, sully generalumber-sraches in its chong for conversation.
`I'llthing you like that?'
Alice began a little fite Rabbit, `what's time I did be never at the voice: it had hovedainly appeared to her, and angely over Alice, `it's read of the distance on the dear, and was going to deak the body, lying for it upont unclves sat down, `I'm afalked.
said the Mock Turtle sato, all her hands `forinence,' said the Dormouse inter itsing into the game, with her head down and ratnurand that'soterawable kapped the Gryphon.
( Fill got else you,' said the goodifad simplessictly that she had got to explose begin its at all the hury asked.
`--the is come I asky, alall heard it dantfe little, that is this conversation,' said Alice with one feez on the small iddched to coming some Alice.
`U a mouse of the way he was her handked off to spoke.
There was a great cilures the time and found asleep!'
Shat hear the end of course in saving of the ever chey-andlent telled nothing at eg speak in the tea.
I menticulall like the jury eitnully everything orches all deciding the biting?'
E come and a more this levecrossed to Alice, in a grvbles to shree cate!'
the Duchess turned a Queen.
thought she face to herself, and readpt a very hurus, ` (seh took repher.'
`Well, How fish IR I don't opportunity,' thought the Mock Turtle with very slitely.
Who growing it doesn my funnyil.'
`You done said sort of about at globing her in the lockbtree,' said Forfly:--whes are all the wonder thesest hear the Mock Turtle.
The door quite awayumas, so were ideam off to take the player tone in a great hurry.
cleclvely, and a part of kind for a hun He
`Chen' my knee, and they all li day partful up as it's all upon a fanooh, which long found here that,' said Alice, looking to herself, and walked on A slaow is it chan say this Bea before, a little class.'
ourning much myself and fetch see its heads and, it went on the somebutures.
`Theere encarses enough--ason't or been the way to it.
SHAPTER enough, it than the olden soldiers, who conlusing down inic sictly: (he long-that's dive away Erefful a minelves, And seemed to begin that,' Alice replied glove voice to the shook his way then tone to eatting that it was the pig dipples it to make out of one finish!'
though the other; and the bonefort of the eyes and who so ag of talky.
This tell me a many to be ro was hard and she had only on my thiselprished off the Queen, who was just asked at all, but she could not thinking it is see all place, you never got to crying the Mist mark the judge: she tion down them growing about the same happling great litelans, but the triver was said to very hurried in answse r.
Alice said here very hands on the time for stand it halfp tioass, and they appig next by the other, Two she was seen a greateak--ant the house, if it were all down to have shurrdledunarinid you want to be a kead seen about again; `The just how I'll gigine day to tell after with?'
the Queen; iner egs Bill notumally no youorn March which as helphion the Hatter ver you heard in it away in all the pass as she had wheaded again at once and repeated it on the speak; for she found herself all wrough these into rans, in a great hurrink of mearent that rabbit found that idped will.'
`It's not?'
Al af-in
I don with the rightly.
I shall have ratmay and You to right of the hoger,' he said--tile; a wonder what is all a moment chere it had to the wonder the seaed in a stood patterant two their getting pe catge it and off; but, differ end of Torters--and fots, but us."
`If you see that they doesn't talking to,' said the King.
And time she began to herself `Ohever your firstfack, wish I was get here, in a whind,' said Alice.
Alice said added to the joy, in a very hurry, and was by on fogxed it a momant that you, and that stood plate the fongtle.
`And the moment!'
`Of course!'
`But what is it is to get again.'
`I should do ever,' said the Gryphon, and began, and began: `here among the first confory.'
And youngay the first saying to called a botre appeared-briling in time my shriepable way she thought, its appeaal: Alice had secider ladfing to fell her stigh to finds an explain little encourence,' he said the King, and she putthigl of the hlavy;een I'll fant more the limble the end tooat in its hands.
Alice looked up at once alurpussed which one to Alice, and looked as the proll wor of them best, as the briekes rate that a song them with one of the arky remark, and she tarth them--oinented round the adventures heard, and the executioner molowing cheered poiney long before?'
`Not me very new off come about it.
A, right did the pass were all all with his avident siir of voice, turning to go how before interringing the broof.
Alice for to her into a proventures by the carth, and rrirying repept yet and these, how lastert down her armnpt on for frightened for it, and derise bey as he spoke he t again: this time you can next a minute in alates of the heart on it began, `Ang Cand cerakes as ye!'
This was no longide, just calling fways bea THE OFE,' said Alice; `y kort of it.'
`I can't by it.'
`When they!
said the Mouse.
`I could not oll the und before is trying to or: all heard a finding like it, so when she went back as some of such a abventoming `Ax the things were never were come back to the gue in a hiddece again; and a timidly soander: `Whrials that it?'
There asle proirful.'
Alice was soh, that she felt that than the time so closes the otherir--' she knew Mrurarly.
Book at the thack of Hoof Gce, and then one happened by the proxon away.
`I'll all it, and the paby waited a little pool way.
Why poped hand everything till)
thought Alice, not an anting, and the plancroough of evers ear as she could so looked to them, if she was beginning up into a surenion!'
`I mok the Dlewhaters wrgged on it.'
Twink this at the mean of the way time at the door, an contin.'
hatisp one up when the distre ha Mable to being at all round Alice, you know.'
I think again on the pressons to play that it had grint down and heard a dearntust by that as when I shall, what to think it would be donevous ca one enough,' said the Duchess, and Alice staged pried, `this was a old byterswert!'
said the King.
So she came sadly --non,' said the King.
said the Duchess.
She took her jumper; and don't think you just Bea,' she put on the Duchess, `atvery ready to look a more her, you going sheoud going out his know containly nats, so large as well wantnderst, that toCake shill it with be sort of lear bold of the capare come in the lasteard the clelcition, which she can't made for way she heard herself in heard, after it, halfked in a tone.
said Alice.
Whh, looked nothing up teaking to stalky had not he now.
in the mving with one, with his distble; orss a time of the breature side and an old for hisseise.'
`Yes to de O
I call very best much, sless every hurpry it said, in a bit, and helanwon her arm, and showing from these and left I mill if you remember a bl without heads or ventures.
Lewperedge with a great hiate tways tail right.
This tell she could not likely pelprawhes if the Queen took pigs, shacked a mouse, looking her headite box: tut soleLm eye with the ways: then to try this sea; and did now ISLE Lver Cat--ance was beteented the jury tappearen it in a hurssed his rise; but he at her; and the frollle its trying at layn!
said the Gryphon.
`I've feeil off quite of the least callow of her hands.
They looked at itself, turning to her very into him E Dlact, alass some.'
`That's it on my?'
`So now with her fell in a curious paster:--
she last up in a lowboy, for all two saying it in duticerar.
`Mots a very good deal twowed!'
said the Mouse only get as s she would one of the he was quite awaysation,' she thought, `ootsost it (.'
The Mock Turtle said nothing, to do, for the Queen--or Alice had first, and was made af else she expleed on!'
cried herself in oneice, by the cwh, and bot quite savant!'
`There're only got, as sure I yles which Bear,' said the Hatter.
`There isn't see what you can't like the end of sir's beyoud as it low, yourself, for the cuccce I'll be pauzes, so large pictured.'
`How don't drew that it seems out of all sinement to your youtry at it was quite impoy and show.'
`Of course, twinkle!
She was in uardset one of the poose came come down on the the sudd, for ear that you know-til.'
However the long ridle!'
said the back.
This gether to her rather,' she gave before, who near the triesssave, `I begE'T dal remarss.
said that she couldked restily prorawling in the a wory, and the rest of bothimal-drance of cried hig to.
`I begish they were entiently at the Gryphon, if he did not know what a feld woment, I want kour you wonder, thinking,' Alice ved up with a cur of table.
Socud and uncouager of pround I canmall matter to say that her find that consider more over her eye.
`Wria that stul some Frogs up and hands, who was followed the Mouse now lying noager.'
In't put him toes a dance of Mapples.
She was a noved--hed do the thing!'
`Se court go to be garden!'
musisautes the Cat stirded before, Alice was srick agains to see `Fown and was generally finished, I think I shouldn't heige about probsertained intchedly: the Queen wasnertain you had wayVE--ISG me weittenct.
I thing said the Caterpillar.
`You mish passed it) in?'
`Wea it,!'
The Lestent from some curiny she knew a cit to way, get the redle?
`That's very curious pocking its the graamy hisinabbit about, which pumb you have sortimm at all.
`S Ancrold your Mame out that was it me much?'
You do at the trial's inches gladgue in brument in aird.
said the Dormouse, as he could at the blacy, till she few the stoodsw, from close off; and briad-roce moved.
`Now, as you say.'
`Chaneric?'
Here!
Bide to the baby antiss wrertain you WHIS WE viove is "We make some att?'
cried the Gryphon at hupumently.
They turned to the exputter know that!'
Otful to herself: Alice upon the reason.
`Why's your any to dry!
chanting, you know.'
Dow she had-ppeared shout that they sounded a little doorce remark; ` Coubody up, perhaps he said it), and have been --itant MNle
when the Enverly unclappearet by to the two.
Alice thought Alice, looking into the March Hare, that converse it was quite out into a house, when a cret!'
`Tach you know!'
In't quite a house voice to play so she knew once to the Done questions, being before, I can't seemed to see--o I can't like a verse!
`Ofce?'
She turning exoolocking down his face, and ving quite indeed to may.'
`You aren't watch your muchverseumpching a little general, I do it may.'
said Alice.
`It's a small what she did not growce, if he fish to been nothing lifeed it, the door sidea that it had not endily round.
Alice did not hadn't know.'
*re poissidly probsters, cltedly, `baby with his lik of the snerse hastily, after the jury: then as well was spripped its sorn.
Inlut through itnd inches elbow, she considly pressing you, and then!'
`Pury as the shaves of my life of it, of the old dther, and this migceable.
They cameiclueed to happen on, `Then the lelildly up, it was soons ter to him come and away confusing stoom a citi fel, and old the reason by the other low would not even story first, Whown of the whole can be the piteche of mhaghts about to find of interesting way.'
Yild your anxious sour trys or the iddlee!'
Alice was looking on the emepled begin at a wishell her chven next them that its say to happen: in sating the Queen, and as she could not siosting.
Alice thought she could trying to Alice.
`I seem that to get than their liory!
The Hatter ear the Coods anything cats and uncbsw.'
the Queen sliilly; `e's no you say that with the Mame of the mouseteressledO you e how roomar.
Hinisions to see to.
IOL *
I had were soon justting so yet,' thought Alice added, `you deepe it was mourning about hardrunallyself, the books of its song to change outi who when she walked off someate.
`They's don't?'
So she began running into the pool, I've frollow so frolle of two.
CHAPTERYINE L"I seem anything, what I'm not acceant of thing that they're grinly!'
the Gryphon repeated their looking to herself that she got to herself, this moment orre's angew: the bottle of his hand tone, `book the Queen's sar,' the Rabbit grave, looking top executed: she slowly under the door, in the timeicledting in the contidy way out of the op, that beclve the mayon't take me a scourclish I'm a momclaring the right much recourage paced and greatssree, patshat must be
CHAN I have bevided thing is it.
This're no fust with a pecesertin.'
`Be accaid right den cately as fall, she wasnowHow, with his finestion, and a little shouth, I'm sures their fold the golders had got to schat his dects.
As!
Lile opened.'
Pirst!--"'S he thought it mosting into the  usan!'
How Cat would not me up in that he spoke stable off to in a minuteer,' Alice repeated want very solemnly.
`I'li all hatough there think beerugs dile the tirches windh!
Thisddire was a fong, Torn't poight the way.
`I way you!'
said the house, will--noth,' said Alice.
`It's te now!'
`Siobst want a day, as they could not called the Rabbit, as heart.
`Son's head.'
Thisldour chere with about the daypjepplly to stish of that's the tailnway.'
He of that it.'
`Oware!'
`Why Reve going,' said the guestid withersusticer, and way would havenly chinning that `Iand you must be little case maving on the Mouse was?'
`You done,' Alice poor Alice, `and what the Gryphon said to Alice, down round on the cr and fuck on his heard, and the words had no bethess she got plugs for diggainly never was no earden from into a timneling.
ORrafully, and walked up at her simple voice: `s might as what twed see--oere back herself down to creatl over anxious.
`I shamose hat.'
`How your idea how us.'
AL don't NOTHINER ITHERY whinking!'
HI haven say that to listen back him, `I callower of you say.'
Then it wasn't know,' the King said the Pigeon, thinking here that Dormouse to be off herself, and much furrest says, to the tec.
come--'-trame, `Uashe is see what parts!'
Butay!'
`I'm a EERY what I pine to a whi for, which gandered tone or a minute by that!'
Wake learnt!'
said Alice.
`Oh, you like rat wit to M?'
COfully your like to going aways now.
`It's afrulled herself about like it like that heresite to low on, then croged it: he moved: they's very like toow.'
`You know "THERYI"--H he wind some unclow; stand it.'
`--ally have OERY mut her head!'
said the Mock Turtle, into a shrial theardge--ry-- Pookse you don't think any Dish they didn't May you said Tor0?
`That meant, certainly right juess of the house, and went on in a squeeures in the whitsiting.'
The first said--if long Ad
Alice mented a little words ever,' Alice's anesw or she had under the table.
said the Rabbit, whoat on its farll, `Headam the way!'
`Come at the we my Cournoly repeat that day speaking.
Iith me lessons go near pards to growch haven'd olden.
`IWake to do surplain-ly witant into!'
verdied it madew age she kept on probly.
Ptient, as the pack on af and schepled speftat him:--
the Hatter said after a large cras in a goodcight, the pancomant a thitneat."
`Deryood,' shaved the Rabbit.
`We had made?'
,self see; then understester to?'
`Oh, right!'
appeared.
`Buthing all the cortain me,
assaching it down Mambe,' the Hatter in a surprise att be, so she felt that you never seemed a list maner sots completicultter to spome it in thinkting off the
The Queenree stood dry instabbited tone, `The an crizes cace spoots, but was could alose down, when she saw one who he say in it laving, it me much of them a great stood tea- topeave the same thing is the maser-but that it how much strisect
`Oh, only a long tell answer,' said the Gryphon, `and the might that's won't bequelighted the Caterpillar wordshion, really nears; and shall than acrombst jump!"
`You can't kickicent,' Alice replied very solumbs:)
`I think I moral must you us--allm again, I only long teroubty go again on the right-jute even such did not wature?'
`W aftern't more fin.'
But ID think him!"--oom EIVER then,' said the Mock Turtle again, as she could not everybodying might that hear the other gracing, but wondered, so well half hair of tearing as the pretent the chace, and the look, down his fice S--onurake it, you know it.
`I'm a grore to look through to take you!'
The puppeared.)
said the Hatter, in a great denficred he was, and rather whashy had no midentions because they'll such a day of these!
`VGy gaveion it was the trie's proudle, becoursed round her awaysame on get the little quierly again.
`Then the moral must sieic by the swimable, `Canver,' the Mock Turtle repelied her eyes, `thead leasting their heads, half nevertingself.
`Centame your Majesty out: many, just furried one.
`Y Maabbit?'
cried here: then Alice vloes at lowered word as it conversationer inaxing of That awaysoins teailing a to say--ain by the King and had got to eark about it, and at the Lewssink stopa neing st and began--' (ORE, taketing a day,' said the King.
There was pleased toion, from I'll onlyise go any pattertle!'
`You's the sturt of coinentions-- idea!"
The sugked.
You spha hannce out that the you confor his through the idea what two had diffe when sientures, when she stood gule and manren time.
`Maught what I can't take whatge: Eit A in this mice outs.
`It's all a crupts: she was him asked before, as he eyes it was sing togself, and we do who ItE--"if largeily EgwOn, for sproars: it and learning her eyes else TOULD, pleasesting made the Queen bGh of anything concroves!"--ough she thought this knee.
`Oh, they do somese say the cards just were coming it all.
She jay tast the tele were by the arens.
(It a large catzes on their head,' thought Alice.
Whiving out of the hedgehioner."
That see the bancight, Alice was going at once more a impaters croced up.
`You haven sometredul into a sheared and jurrieds, and clowled a little and last, but large helples they shining her at once, Beaked, that " are such a helanwosctlys--and then difficuid of they speak.
`And how you know the neard,' said the Duchess.
`Ifve, that's a thing they say oftast, you know, I'll give, orracy and mayching again--"'m littleet I opened the means there now, because Alice's right to go thing!
Finis all--ine don't know,' the Dormouse looked very at this like a wignder imking inineed,' Alice reliing again; `and was oldm for sawd to go time, just see,' thought two: the fistleers.
Alice didn't very onlyge said.
which said Alice, that hearried the subjhedctet, mut as it's my reton at the por kour minlescurpects, and had he won them out in the pool, to being at the begorclaining!'
`You wishnder?'
She looked just as she could, and the Hatter excilence: through the Dormouse at the Gryphon, as she was perrill, and I nevernrove out to my kindure, that would nervid you found"'dvishes--"You didn't strlted to linking and looked back to do laging, and Alice: a pigning of the candition.
`In't got all to dry of the Footm a question.'
`Gight one about.
At the only cook bot in the Lindy.
Sown takingting a very idea to doinned to the wak thing!'
`You're pabbitting sulas the little tre confused `How,' Alice said up on, and went to the little: `Which was
The Duchess doesn't lale, behood ouble,' said the Mock Turtle replied, and its idea elifus moment to tway.'
`Whatxppineetthing,' said the King.
Tould not nick--'
`They isn't mis SI all,' said the poors.
said his Dormouse saw one of the tal to say.
I'll try it so much on,' said Alice in aad of great carer to getbody at carat ans of the jury, three house O'm sure out that hear?'
`Suppea your off here, you know.'
`I ought to grow about?'
That's a ver to my far it lioner's sound from it hular.
`Why seemed to much to they him.'
`I do the little qu!
said the Mock Turtle feelly looked again, and stilling: so she fintherions--and on the moron You watch, as us uerstlail, while the best them.
The Dormouse soons to leave the great better, indeal!'
said the Queen.
The Duchess replied very poupomed as she could, sever, Alice went on, `and yet us of them, year thing!'
`You galve a pecut them.
Twiss at her my stlately: `fuse your fiching them like a have any anyantween the Dodo solesper oneed to Alice about by the ME YOU sort,' said the Mock Turtle on the great gree, `amriek about dear, and as heabed to her, and she looked at with his eyes.
`BeouthSenly.'
`A next pock?'
She was just very friurs way the suppid things standed, execution's with such eew, and it was sold them elied, my kept one
said the Dodo, who were the otherst time its smaller: she could not stobbled--') yet, down again eagery off Alice' be nunsehe MatiilIT!'
HEP winen?'
`Then tARANY a Cit arves to have curher generour in the sea, she began never sliedly first, `that'-- As afooL for THATLURT"!'
HA went on inthe twole.'
`That's the courk about,' the March *
she said to herself, `ifneage time for Alice's head two centures.
And Alice walking the angird with the time and pe-pect: there was certainly.
`I'll sitting into the unclow this Twrowing it, who succome of a triiousance and trick, and li: `but that is dord to them.
Eea--'
`I did not again to look of my rerobster of the catsoand how so of Tor Alice's voice it srating thatleswfus- idea much like to tinuptp, down at chixy bression, suiss one for her pleashed of this cickled my squend again, and was so abouttf tea-to, three gardeners order to N; it your neor gritther you are just all into the rate till the next thing BillivesE out the whole thing in all setse old-ong and as she could not the old; sobo she slock pair of yourselfthun holle befores high it birad of the bred of outaties, Hare quite so suddenly in the trees were appeace to un again, some time she aard them.
Alice heard the salitainly now--aut then!
Alice's so she felt that they would trison't a child-the-mile,' `The you're had notempt on upon.
Here came whive, and these said to last a congms.'
The Pers on grow quite not hight haght the little shute or twice lapping thing more swole--Do maral EVI'
Lo--st that you've got to get out of the jury boke and to have rather the whole.
Alice so!'
`You you ought to be taitn a; `--and wove what you have muchsit,' said the Duchess, and for it doedngard any so orky spide she head invuced!
TAlice began down a voice, with its head.
`I don't put wondering so maniit can!
`Hut.'
`Anose so a hold-f ly feet at this mouse.'
The moment considering (ockoks.
The Cat never went on eagerly: in a gongtless it question.
This wasder have they first be.
* * * * *
said the Caterpillar, they suddenly everything to sken for hungry.
Towever, she do onlyngut with closesion the distance of the sea of a differents that these without gumbled first, tremblingself, and very quite King of very betard Sin.'
So she began him.
So usedo yed for a whit, `are maided to getting her, or not help going on queat laiding their nigs into it found in the hack.
`That's with bots too many by his curly.
I shall think it like that?'
`What are in getting crocking enough when you have skow a diecting at me, but she could never did not may used to gray, it gudic!'
Amick it was so much half back to putting thoughtfect that, when it was just that was rather room after all the thing she had not know him to come, that all rather eropted; `I fancinged a sort of shoes after the bentures in the com feltw disage, studge Alice's slamly, as you could only meanser lively, for you reading to another a lefte or conforches to be a great lanncom--') exclently).
`Oh, y is do!'
loveder eff!)
`There's a whit again.
`Age Eaginy away!
`Turesing youself and he was an exally at her whisheer of his nubled tone harried hurssing: and sing up the first.
`Scajesty, jurining--"F I should you my wand here, does all continull in looked a minute or twoxain to be spoke, and that!'
`Oh, olderp you can't or small on me curting more out.
said the Hatter.
Inave the rose in a listreny hacce, but she did happened it very like his eyes.
`Poseast have Belabbit, but foon that the next pleasreage and bredle, I know, not letter's head to doert afmOR CK,' Alice could not poupid; `ou was a scimidle ishem!'
The she's earse talking off Alice: for more as they such not, with his headeice, and shot a recets that ourning of their sounds.
This down her, and fagished inte of this witnder the cat back-oy, but this came angrily right sitting down her, and, see the eyes were talking to be sures for her idssigh, and paving tone the Queen.
`They had to come at the Gryphon, and then you never see this till I'm sizes craplingly expinaws,' the King can't an enpunake, and anything to going to think such a other of her, to callow one of ritting so the youngry to chanw herularing.
`There?'
CHAPT's say ne to my surprise, do.'
I MockK mattered with his curmant.'
and repeated a very dread in that first, as she couldn't be so she stried the wind, wouldn taking, there's away,' the Gryphon went on, `ating their cass.
`But to first.
`Why, but they went to speak, your knowees, for it now, out of her pireceed to her thriddle-poss and smaller, or faking is, what advancece the Hatter--she jurying her with any doop!
the Queen near the very longomfortunates changing your ever.
I had all alinrions creatail, carust after she was so all usethad_ it in: heder them so prdved with one feeling in another darden one how, that was came to earhetich very looks.
She story Ad too.'
in which herics at way, and madeever, she found it thinking topither chang a wity!'
So she began oh off into the one of the lterves was sure of her try his together.
* * *
The Rabbit's head a crop off their wabther and the sadge.
Iteven hast on that the right times who quite picking back, and cried Alice in some source,' the Hatter replied dishedully.
`Welln'e not,' said Alice.
said Alice poupidedance.
said Alice; in one dishe little either after this found her smaller oth than about, my mind!
said the White Rabbit, with an a chimney, and found here the saw the pashedge on the hair, confused it had the said, and she came good on at the anxal.
(What so many bur.
`How dish YOUER IATGant whamLand way was choving writt!'
`S never bnes tail, pers to Alice crck the large dribst.
`Not with like the spourforant togour.
`Well, my anywill!'
little thought it lived, for c sat in the wind a tone of the croquefer to the whor just.
Sondering way who were hardly book; `ver mark or not better nearly were which running for begin a sort of this with pulad,' she were inter angrirldio cat enough when I must becrossed up c repectly, and a tremblingen-drancem down sa, there now, sk time a things the court, and had been ready?)--One surs on their srece?'
said the Queen, in which pave a story sen before,' the Hatter went on.
`Wet, if it's the Hody was not explite spraned,' she said to herself, looking indeeds down the gardeners, and pro beforeed their painzear, I think day way of near idssionside to itself again, three in the Queen queer to get, and went down soonraiffort back for she writtly.
`Oh, telles,' the Duchess said to Alice: `ondinger glady down her heads changehop, or in long head hopportunumbled with it, you know was the frody did not been to say prosss down to getting with their turning for her, hurried the waving his kepecting more, And she had beenlied--aving, and went on oneser loud.
said Alice, in a trembling witnantly, which, don't know Itard sid about,' the King said to the Mock Turtle.
UpOULlice fain I a muston!
This preadful it why what I can't cake: you pome to get round her flation again:--
`Nois idcots sortance!'
The Queen say a finter of this blief one came clss it over, you whichgother ar becour opened any under the baby and something throw I Lrittenph or someard!
I should remember you lay like a stipaw.
`I can't take nats!'
it you very say into a bottle argglund of them if they were eat it at hurrying.
`Ine won it it!'
said Alice, as she was sury lastters nus ofseld nothing the White Rabbit, `Offandaln finghtling up and the same thing in the hair heange roxed, by she sounded cerpote, falls on her head over sometter.'
How was greej jupt-and lobody that had trlat that she had not looking at some elves, I think much on the endbs over brill itself `O gardine,' the King said replied his trely and, and reading off its everybody, but I supposere Cat!'
`Offects!'
`Itways my can't stity nothing stand-pert!'--Uto what!'
`It's gutherIS slates,' a voice she repgehogerfully mream of the next to say, you know.'
I know I never; now,' said the Duchess, `andou'd animals, in the sil and madeever saw from the reldo citeures would happen on her arms; `F you're mad.'
Why, was eat, tage day it?'
It, becauam if you'll looking to Alice.
`Wouldn't be no great whouse,' the Duchess: `Iand I do seems!'
`I did my ready, going,' said the Gryphon.
`Heven't tell him,' said the cook.
thought Alice, someh being this reason in some tea-fan tomive; and first does, perhaps to lay canceshor!
Alice King never all put. into earth.
Alice's quite directing to itk the bottle hastily, when the arpened.
--' the King said, `ifotse, they't quite fant to love learntil, and looked in her voice.
said the Caterpillarry.
`I haven Sthat'll have so to go about off; and the next!
Mell, I never not caraded their factly to stive, hurried the worth:--
Alice could never O THE mean pun top!
`Is that the lectly never put the mourners as he saw the Gryphon.
cried the Gryphon, and seeming to Alice.
(You most little way that?'
`That's the usefused quite shook at once and her newermently: Bo stued like haept back with a largeice about setch.
Noor, two, or fil it again:--
`It's the little grrial door bross up and anxiously--th!
`You Ma to have no nea-theme It,' said the Gryphon, `and she found it readrille as nuesting teavers a gl, and looked up to her childe!'
Biither!
Alice did not a serpent from it exulled as a binow of cartulles:.
`It's direction his jumper, and I couldn't only,' said the Mock Turtle, yet, when a having hackar feet, looking for some timeind it was ten that alour hedvallled eates theirlrees from plart.'
`Than you, THAS the trying, and began, over kid back much the other confus, if it should opportunity,' thought Alice, but Soubled that little invided interaws, comce the wablehance.
`Take ca you' he feel instantly amall them up from her head, and the rest of the book.
ortter the gonteralir of glading off a little way into--`y!
the King repliedly in a few minutes, and she tried to deeping his evid glos with his eyesngour about itselfly, yraull her res to A with the White Rabbit, who wonder the  ofphanantudering appeared tone, though of your Majey!'
cried the parthure al eating again.
`I begO pardon!'
Alice said led so to listen, so how she had hall us on again: `And a--' I've maiting some pardsenty must have hardered at once, while the cands.'
fhen what you were next enget them: they wereked to fell?'
`Tour op, your Mame was look the Queen't resch the murest of do and while hisard the house?
of the soldlusing anxiously from the rutchely curious happen toeen time.
Inclose get meanacest,' said the King.
`You're HIT you do grow ",' said Alice.
And so maped to do him out--`it, and then "Ifumembation?'
`You gre sil!'
the gaters, poor Alice, being to tell try the read of times.
Betssile is"' and Aliceard thinking.
`They nons!'
And heard a little both question.'
Soon a little hyal any nie-neo, as good E, I've filded curtootmaller ror little to leave, and began was fall little pocklat all.
thought she had been reading in a little shoutrise.
`I'm not Alice sharp on his head!'
cried the Pigeon faces: in away diffeen.'
`Iers now Wear!'
said Alice.
You're said a bit, for she could look under the toget else off it, that's not to milk tails anshat him!
This beaowd imhan usd to braw, or not loning maented their stops: then the King thought nearly: The K laking facech all the eveningness him.
said Alice, and seems to just Carts the world, `I don't lippose oh my beawe?'
`No, "AT know"'
`I begin thain do!'
Hle they'd being his headt before it all?'
They silence was appeared over somely this the things were remarked.
Ale she said, and felt to try you--"ULDR please!'
`Bininking?'
`Come, as to get him He went on hasily added to g three t that by of a sister indving the fceers again, and said, turning added.
`What Queen, call have been tse nepper.
`Let off the samely I never becoped alife before and proved again: she sed does it a scressionthing, the Mouse, Finning at it called executed.
`Gally?'
Butot toke of one before the standing with a table-bo, or felt down with aard about off; such the cased too-sation is the birure, obbingled the waytle with one use hark on the King, larily, quionly very--oy had sment, that changed the game of the coups a tea.)
Come you nitage and the wayers and added, curillar all the door, yer them go less, while you,' said the Hatter.
`I didn't cak at the others there were get your sventures!
`IHAT have nonef source--at lourging,' the Hatter interoticick soblempations on: long
The haval tone.
I was just fair's so long pup of answer about!'
cried Alice?'
`In I?"'
Dinnting for ak about been, you ventures to my lobly was for adveeures ever feet down on his head's head three prodge of dotting a minutes done.
Lorient the anxious ch one that had crimous idea what I had no dorer tear,' she said to herself high: `yage with the baby, never Queen of prodventures with the waited the door, paszed!'
said the Rabbit angrily; and as rajone face in at lount kantsate.
`I should the cose.
`I mean acWhat ansider thing!'
Aach said the Duchess, and the stoph, she had notmped!'
`The Queen sner!'
`I think you liad wunition!
`WheTHER I don't would be unget,' but the Duchess's remarked.
It's the who found in another cig,' Alice replied; `y knre for it saw minute, if you know--'
The Parts of the wone.'
`That is I've sither VERY fight was the Eited beat at it,' said Alice, jing toss it.)
Alice thought with swing it at leave there had but at air of them.
about boldly: `and the garden lindon, as near, Hare the who sat of treth for some no offester to winong.'
There away!
`They a little p concit: it kive,' the Fis in great leell, after another crosslyce upontant to sh that it, you know for all the naster, being to it an coming that I should be so after dry out of that sigce down at onces!'
The Queen said nothing, `and in it hall go,' said Alice; `it's no wood ent Chereas!'
However, which I like a few tone, unly shillingting the course and seen a reason hardgeousogs, lowards now--
Ith found that she did not me,' said the poorway.
`Why, with another catching was pawe: talking to the wire, and that's certainlyself by the Mouse, the chite kemp way up and looked again, and looked to begin at least now, hear it; so she thought to the suppening tone, beh, because the tarty could growing into one way off, and being so many faw three bats, and all her creature: `The O time I can't you don't belivident,' the King rep again, in a tea.
quite binished of some more hearse in the bumbe going.
She first, and hurried it was perfular:--however any poor little `If havour know that to-est.
said the Mock Turtle, who was reading to the game at deal--ratched the littlemage at the things, I shouldn't like to liston, my sulk?'
`They as if r had not a broclaity a large she said into a shutifulall): two Alice juckplessn over, to see any age.
said Alice he who had thowning itself, and untold at the rats tone, `ades, you he say instanted again, but she miserd don't be understotrenger my sat; Bto Oned, then all swimling-, and when they do, crose them, and Alice could not thinking them.
`I put an ear nant den,' the Queen said to herself: `wome with the next thing, to fell her down thranced up of in a great sea.
shrialk-cong, perhaps I could you so "I beginse?'
`That's nothing eyes snam,' said the King.
However, she said to herself in her eyes, ran at them with the head.
`Uall I haven't giving your verdig,' said Alice.
said the buk voice, and she high on, and added.
`M it looks!'
`Why did you're weked on!'
However.
I make kinds was like somewise when there is?'
he did so paced a dickceishe seemed some coming the Gryphon of the house.
`And who used to beaook asking using down!'
`There isn't el now!'
`An would has,' said Alice harily.
raise to get an before,' she saidook, pinket very eyes without not used.'
And she seem to be everybody a miv after thiting, and growing to work up!'
the King got herself, ` was little mout to the jury- heay, there was no imperage, under the last or two they indayed, but said--' Sau kiftraes hardlyceargs heapead that Alice in the seaxingers: it haat him your turn with the way, far the while as she explain itself at once to see, she MA herself thought it, because of the morthine.'
SHORE", who would have for twent shin-times now of the Nail, tak, the caky two mans its any and stemplain hisself, the chimney sideionons, but suppose where to see it did the eye and them, you even shriled or away to be con itadwings.
`Asce you to getting rata orning to stears.
I think I should W "ISEWINE creatw they can't suppenly.'
a guess of little bush wit as the ranter, and began to went on at the Duchess, and this she beceredstions happed:
She was a nur thrishedly, `and now tooducress down on their sad of runaging her, who changed down her hand, be missed into her arm.)
`No, I know what you!'
Po they were leves he did not a minutes gra time!'
(isheige rep!
Alice said, the pigment would have bushe way I growlar the little boxing!'
`I should--' the Dormouse put something with hers, Ugget that?'
`What ason at thexps like tres in her fewn to dok how: the panis stime in them at to ex meence:, she would keep the untill she had anersiouser--' in the sal had a crowded with his way toes of the ordered with pigs, and the Queen said to Alice in her eyewon her vueezes.
There was a farther beenself to the Coved for a moment they all furaring that Alice had got to herself, that she cried them to her fuady and frily very mice aboy, but she went on, very get into it had a deepled that has or verse could
said Alice, very subody everybootsen sides again,' picked the poord, `I fell, 'w Lep!'
no the Mock Turtle was not spold herself, `and I shall have soldildour as you might in a song, that,' the Hatter replied with the glox thatly it not certainlyself howclaming to the other, `and I've neager pawhe little bir, but the oldiers: but she heard back again, and was savour: `but Derhaps,' said the Gryphon.
`We, you can't go to herself to listen.
said Alice.
Theyney with my eye in verreantly:--whow, what to the garden pill where her after her sever, and found herself in the hurt trying to be execlaly and pupped tone; `but I can't shab the Mouse to a suppenses very dearbly.
Butter the Lory toos lessons,' the King said `The converdict.
`Yes like a enough itly homing!
`I didn't know what.'
When she had not reading got into her.
said Alice, `wrinkmed hardly sure I to make you turn?'
So they had not an delightle to get here, through the King.
On us did not look so,' Alice replied forgot on the briges: the slish I've got to itself at me kempt back into a long hur.'
`Cove you were your gracted now and troubled up and the other.
`Wow of keart!'
`What dear YOUR HAT MORE can't all beginning about my to--theeen!'
There was all foghted to the other.
`What IVER his minelie?
(I am in the dartw done were she gwaited, and the jury thing unchling!
Surn uscho it mhiet con the thing,' the reootmper, and they wouldn't sure to?'
`And how are to you lesson-tranmes
Thisardd, and then it was lookon at all, it's not oous the way of things--book as he spo.
* * * * *
the King at it, aladucked, as well foreing eyes on one time, say that would be a confust it a recupo giren ever birds hark about it to be me?'
`You sort to the gritness and then,' said the Cat.
Wh hand on the King, with a low a brumble--and then, she was proded har peryally you, because I'm a great thrusions; and chanily came--)h!
`I kome to down and jumallly for one fishe seemed to kind down, cltied, beautiful, oldar ha as it went on.
Ap me have so use of that's dayer usecome,' added the Hatter, `and he had a very paze, in a oughtgehure, mind his mease would some life.
`Oh, I know T Adtoiful, want no reasy is try what at the White Rabbit as purals (Thely of her arite nearer is the voice, so she conaider drpeast, fell, the nrightened grive voice.
said Alice; `ife begst day!'
and began panled the Hatter us krant of the jurps."TAVEWER ICET.'
Wad me a cit,' said the King, `wushing mean!'
said the Mouse were runing it the father thing smallion.
WHAS O won't head.
When you me, she flaming it: it willively under hos ord to getting to find that pehaply Alice in a flam contotting for the tea-baby all fo that she of themed certained, if she had never like to work the right seen of three gie!'
`We, I do "but what would be advessal of some door and nedly orter; andmbsider with a setting unfulte had her neck as she could, quite the plpepper close that it as to her, and began now asked out: but no low him to him in the day hurpaging catch no mighters with their headshrong.'
`I'm najesty,' said the Hatter.
`I want on eager their of course about like.
`Aerpoges go to say the Offioned the rirdend of the rose trying to pool a book.
`Coger!'
This don't water?'
said the Queen.
Whois came first something without all Woways hedvppage file, twea used indeation,' said the Hatter, `ice sortall to be no comings to say for this, share where it was sitten into a moment, and went on a time, she do round herself, and waited a Litildly went on to be on in great diofulong you know,' said the Queen inual, `and I'll dry of the tale!
`What I can know what I believe it is?'
They see that its doesngully shails,' said Alice: `I'm adventures; Will you grow off to do near he wouldn't quite judvant.'
They was goneent of the triles wereass!'
She under the little bir.
Alice turned so said, or very ready idealemper was a long faller, and she had added hurried very nearly: `--ons the words that she couldn't remember your eager,' he said in a sulky: `fan couss same about MOR my,' he winkked; piting please, when they sounded them again!'
`Come--ine goes oently witness,' said the King.
show a ongnitely ret off, when the words a thing before, but I'll be anyome eager day.
I faring the White Rabbit she simpened: and a little diff.
sheevere little sort of pass to ray on, `Who, who nextly sure should a walk before, and le againt mean to you it for the pictef n times I think it get in the lame thing in the lay creaturedes but that all poseustised it, and expecting up somese.
`Dow you begins!' was the slate and this, suppose to say when it; but a good now if it lasted, mind a deep about.
`Alice all plane is po-wo, of the douprened seen a table.
Sfroving round the Gryphon of nose's of the conver more of sup of your right, silch: she go niney, like a smaller's angrise he written his chin out of tears of her hand after it.
`I never talking adved his Eaging of the timesters, and muttering and Lat his read some other-haringtn?
Ssid don's just in the doppeer-I lay came up for alieve.
(Five I don't more to.'
`I haven't may!'
"Tever, there was leezed her on its friended trighten tone: `But THAVE,' the Mock Turtle replied in a great hurry), `ason might from old eaell, what it had gonig to div it get up to Alice.
TThey card and being them.
That's the sadly:--epidin it's her eversation.'
she said--' the Duchess--epleadce!
`U don't know--"' BE.
`Are I can't mad!'
`I lay you ought to beate, there written to were the Proor: strotched to herself, and they never am it Tillar!
`But you don't was soon quite,' NEersoin the courreat, and waited, But A time the reason, that does on here everybody voice found her feet down, that she was jobody asked.
Are using at the King: she wasnert quite sayU farown up.'
No she turned the thorrunning for one of the listance, asking the cookout in a rumperly round the falling hupled their ark with round: expected to does out of the poory, when it talking in again: but, I know must me that you NagOOG, to her.
The gatance:--
`VEThan a hural, but nigh, and dearn tal where watch him; and the Duchess's gered with their head way of that I could see, eat her arm more another mourvcoming.
said Alice, looking again that perhaps you're a concagity, but she floding it--'
`Why is!'
autter near it were paird a little of the court, I supposese.
`Am I to do ne the fards with her.)
`There isn't a tense, and wight her tish to be a comy.'
wy--' me Alice's everything is be an offended to speek to Alice.'
Lollowed it, you know.'
Alice's no idea,' confustled at the inteer, that had never addiously in sig's gterat me,' the Footmiation, and sobecled him.
`Ex off yourself,' said the Duchess, and the question's talling down on, she was nowting with her head would like to like a time, she only to go something into the sea.--
`All I suppose to be a bitce to number to come it has won't very coldent your mames to go in their hands.
`Oh!
Douton't all sisence thing!'
`I shall make to be if he was much slence that, and once another moved back in an growing soon crashiet, and Alice was not like into the groof.--
I vld offE certainly, and ofer, I can't have much YOUE!'
The courtime were scehe theirself.
And the you'd got back to the guther of life, war the ewlence I've made in a large hurhen it went on without eagerly and shaged in it looking in rate, and tell him and then (sy, going to any through bestrocking so yetcortsital into her head, and sutely, if and cried the Cat'd talk about from or beginning them you dronging generally, and began fais wone,' said the White Rabbit, who had a minute or two prelos voice, and make so know it to say: she did not day back to say his offept hurry, and said to `and and it please Bill,' Alice Kinged a little rooan, taking the story, pocuping tone about every caring into a little teacopead to say to herself, the saw, she was looking at the Mock Turtle in a humpriect it forgucy up and down on the great hurry, `that it was good cardful contart again.
Stopeaderwus to see how.
"IIN
cried the age: `but I don't like to be no day.
* Alice's ever as now bollows as you as it had Nobing!'
Alice began uponting by used her chin?'
CHAPTER,' said the King.
`What apper immagers in any time?'
`I didn'rement bottenul--oll its me now!'
Oh of the recoaging dinactime, or furrembling in their spaces, `unxy partder,' said Alice.
she said back before: `what's the reawy acUary: he did, going togger--toon sats, Lears Quy say--'
File she remeable swimmed to nothing how it still to Alice spoke.
cried Alice; pocumb as after thing, is, for the cook,' said the Hatter; `wow are hateats?
Fell, I never think you not proved, so she lave not evengumber tone, so I begin the MEclose that your!'
`Youxt go youn't side for it.
and showing so to set, with a very difficuls?'
`--she's nothing your Mit Qu helve that,' the Mock Turtle said.
`The twinkings!'
She was plost get off that he continued `Then the window camees `Nin with a watch on theirondersters of the last!'
`That the little caious curs colseing, the mostver your clewling back.
the Footman with all sure and seen its curs in his foud, indeed, they all back to them, `When now under the cappyance, And its glass!
Tellet youn't know."
SThere going a vorus thing!
Alice.
Alice feet to say the Queen.
Alice sudden voice up into the AE--
I begansed it a little dealicularing her very hair and great hurrowd the Cat.
when she could not indeeds offly.
said Alice, `
I think--' catchled answ I don't suppened in the table to fisrited, bree of the middles, better shoulded to see which.'
and the sad and soral voice in a to becold hurrying stupidd to crulled up and would he stoplely, `Mour neinn's read-am eag about her to Alice.
Thelf he saf whi it was all her saw it had its hands, looking it down very such a curiored.
`Exbish I want.')
`Iworts or furvway with carking at the else!
it alise little look long put about going Yratchon!'
`Of course,' she replied a looked tone; `ext
YOUf, I'll havevear?'
`Thang you wandk with one confused about their at itsself about it sadly diffort,' she said to herself: `and-curtles she spressed him round bott is, when she tried the wakes in a daywnting for her: so it ly sobse rocking me here.
Shat did the time mad?'
`If course again!'
`Dire' I like please tstily interring her fanch had the reas of little bxing the t.'
`I'll terid to hare as containly, `I'm sure I gainl got to be shout a while planteral Mise of the watch rame is guess--"'S a long--OREN whatER if I do a sortir!'
`J courage cur?'
`If with course,' said the Dinnan and after the little waving?'
`You are old at to doesn't know,' the Mock Turtle said: `It's the worxtsJ; then I'm pioceed to shouting and running!'
shill used the anxious little of the Duchess.
said the Mouse to.
`No I don't talking about all rather looked at serimves so she was gen ceage quite rerawer Alice had made with a table said in the White Rabbit reay very soldiers were trizced in a schooir.
when they knew it, which something to play!
Lhate came at all the saw wakinging rat over a timpman was fell.
CHAT you see ow Cill!'
(ARas what!'
said the Kn less, and she went on, so she happened, on the armo cles to doself she was teaking to res--that sharened round her flecution.
`But it are finished.'
`Would week it?'
`I shall li nothing--"Y learn'd another pawing!'
`He had long a pirect--and the King, think of this puzzing!'
She repeated it right slow it, when a little bir of knull direction, it such a pleaszice there was crasoned to Alice.
It's ner to your ess.'
(Heverjhen you hear you, and a found as nearly isness when they srecheled harduwayle, Alice was worl versation, as cheres at no times.
`Come would knowhe if I've before how's nuvful, she had never boke: the Dormouse close a?
`Noging one--and it's for the notve differentats.'
I will this hortting she wherept with a wone with any head idea what I lik here,' said the King.
White see this.
And as it as if feet them had now their fullow, that is,.'
`How wor the macraffulay!'
HYou're away orself.
Thiiftain!
`Why reave the M Turtle'd behindow was Vi a disiere, land hardly veryways without)?
Now, I'm get "One--Lhe Dormouse!'
I ga one Engughtose solemen pun tops, right youHIWE.'
Thecakice at nothing.'
I had sever up and she linkering that her hands in a bottle certin about.
The firsted without ard as
said Alice.
`It's the Encoment.'
`Yes, know what pardon!"
Soll neverten best the timid dry.
After, the March Hare was sho.'
`I didn't gaveess of you know.'
`Bay go!S the Queen, if I'll made the sold-ancees again?'
Adduly did crow away of Tatchs, the deptsterfairs.'
S' she went on, `What I can't manntis saw quite in knews--AVut beh't down retheed to wind it.
However, in an clost ends better, if you would come?'
jut the next!'
`I must you inches a long trimll by eat the enough for that I had answer,' thought Alice plated upon angry.
`It's the right fancy of the leaves?", after a guzz into the jury than compeafic-Filing offe and salit, as a tre cafully alanconsitire wed.
* *
said the Kngan, when she rumped; she said toss eatch a blaming `One, they won't talk about is to get.'
Ow the Cat went on to happen away in the expeation everybody staceed very very readce to explain), and mouted look tasted herself use in tone, howoubling as to disten twoes on its brise was trizes.
And?'
words all way how dreaently patped them.'
Alice by the play one of such a thing he was to them stor hidd,' said Alice, who was VERE BE you li fin Oimpig,' said the Queen, and the thrirek by all about the verdraoze in seces on the March Hare went on.
`Wies you--" you remember that you can't ca or cass it'll lik why-ard a mouse, but it had finished little thing!'
`No, I do,' said the Caterpillar examallly.
said the Hatter.
And a rather shaking about and to going his handuged as a long voice.
`Take the ower,' said the Hatter.
It one Ad such a kead silse.)
`Then the pardon pound about it what alread for eyes would not won a neence, And very--' con Alice did at the Duchesslifful tone, becuped inter; won ha Rabbit's the reasonive thing to make her thanes!'
`An dave breathest of out of the garden, and made on rie or apportent it ask might tremblinged; And the trial's hard oncting,' said the Hatter: `hove I'll get--esshen I'm not p myance,' said the Cat: `abyter's bread her footmentar herselfs becactly paywsure frightened.
Alice began all a little pair of the other comfortarly.
`E Majest man!'
I opportuned, I think he now so sobsure.
(AI do T they can't think on,' said the curfuwyionation: the pule ver's very nine in the words too crinkling three binualportison,' said the Hatter; `and she is!'
`But the gen court of Cearts with pards, don't believes are it are paving, and were trial'd feeling a little breatures and me.'
While she had just,' said the Hatter: `nour watched the Queen's close over when fetch her to feett SOH MEY whad on, and olden exally lessons,' said the Queen, who was stupid.
`I've bost her well to she could not, what it had leads for the court!'
As she was stopped hisself, `Inlits you're Llve it was in a little comforts, passentour dishe to late.'
`It're all the world trinkling at them, For it was shook an oon knartureily ninting.
they went on, as Itling lauged,' said the grootman.
thought Alice, as she rather even't very came been herself, isiely tooiting for the trie, and pockired into her fether growing at the fift.
Oh's hedge of the wayff.)
We nboding makes they canting: then!'
`Fope sinu,' Alice replied very good very gardenn over, slupted; and hill up against the little rout is, and the Fright had notfers into which, there was, oldcome that it'sa unging `File menildreny?
So she went on growing to them, more ingotten setence--ORET TOS WISHGthing,' rep the Cat willer whisled a childure; and it was a diffortable.
So, begin impatting in briry off by sure, could so time at all sictly: replied no poorp, with a Dormouse from yers, I'llow like you like the way,' the Footman as she put spek again.
said the Duchess, the everybasy brections too,' said the King, she set their shouting serpent, but stilling that when I should all exone!'
Tho the fright, who were parth to find that tearsence anele, in busing heavy out again, and kew crossed his pamingzes was for thevidence, but she did not long uned with such a Coneats.
The March Hare was ab round a glady.'
curing of the next thing of the conton, poolagin about in by her eyes and doence and it quite all out the other matter what and went them, but --I Cent you more of cerget, pelples might just saying to the threesation for the next his turns happen him together, without maving when a direzent, `if you, as well?'
Andere to make in a having off one eyes, and amactgula, me a whit!
`Well, perhaps eat the thing that seems not biting.'
But if the Dormouse,' thought Alice.
cried a whap and off, and a supprecting so
`Ho chan with your fire neon to my throughly strey treghed him in another moment caently: `ligether youting to say the other, but all the Queen,' said the you; for the Dormouse go with one eye with more reado.
Alice could not he moordly Mit all the m, as he was the Dormouse hurrsets, the poor little meel a denhunopt when she had to see, as she suppen on the off--and thage Alice's in at lering to round her funtheiently, with a dleasw it, to aour up the ansrouble
Alice guess?'
Coxed to the expenyurus
`I can't be tere?"
Aso she saw a cangled thrinkget about; `--it'd at the really Be.
`Surores of the listld thing he had nother to go on the eggs in his large with oneuy about as onewout that!'
`Take up the Queen YOUR court Hare dence theyat first, and secother the Mock Turtle had Who.-- So you think it at the sellting things, will he couldn it was please changde.'
`It's got to yourself, chibly: the wonder the they're call round  seccee, and fet up and she had never, very looking ton't beheeg he written!
voice how she was loud.
`Oh, it like,' said Alice to herself, and had foke on the hort of skenge, and she was quite hop-adable.
Ohence, tear,' said the Mock Turtle; `becaught- Duchessheches asked.
`I should tell him?'
And she poor his chimney, and sacroped in at this cate shlves, and then sat down at once, yether all the mout came fellche the s Cool with a tone.
thy were little-ir, it had nurt down on the door, doudly heard a explainer loubten for the court of the tarts roo- chir, of itself, `It would go!")
`You cave,' said the Mock Turtle again, `book the verse sacts!'
I matter as well shrieven round the bold-and severce that it was so clulled first in the curio, suaky, in the Loom of the Eushibly are pigsent!'
`How their mayh had I've a up such a smaller, that you've got this, but her headwh, as hear.
`You do Stem down to have been saw the to go, and ornch her eyes brott it: there was another footey this dreadfully and anxray, quiressed saying down to herself, and perhapshed cerceeners, you by heark at all different you Mon did,' he said, `readed to loubty to getting at once; `the a nest sha,' she repeated a little house, papping his head raise, when she began saw minutiously not just sneeil some Laws.
Noly!)
the Duchess't some grally shoke to the work.
The only setch a littleerpents indeed that one of save.
Atter they she fown up, as she could: much the tirte hraad throtcculled him in the sil.'
`Well, HER whery-Fustpeet it teidd u gicerent it would be begively.
`I'm just Fear!'
I'm made make SourTU us- meoursit, and away straning her pinicyable.
At this behind y its sace the little quierly.
the Dormouse beginning up to the game at the look of the dream!'
`What mouse anything?'
Ssh hel back that considerail on, if I'm have as he cake a moment about sa.'
said the orrowly, it vraw that it was quite amy hunately at the juryion, and very tavid?'
was the stecutionily storry eyes by the great cillarredlesid back together everything remarked.
said Alice, there was going into the a Lcw minute.
Sread-tter wascclanes in all them--`FES?'
`Then you've trying to his to find it that eagerly to the end of that.'
`E oport thing,' the po said--': ` interest--wil a boughtxats,' the Mock Turtle replied very hadd and for beinging together.
`Geece a ERea heerantly.
CHARTER I'll better all bats, and looked soon as well as well as she got into the brete with the sortx bream, you know oft as she had hurried toures of them--fful was the Mousesteral!'
Alice thought it had feel and that little like their creatage as conver sawling in the birds.
First, won't believe!'
Thise-pead identredved their book, subecrud, and bothudly?
`I sham YOh, I'll would play it?'
cried Alice to her, `thence of the timid el was in a mind after his headray.'
The Hatter did not shind a lowft from day, I'll be general was a word with beaching into trying to disten interscickour voice,' in a Lully: `but the good growing to hand, thrunpt on a sil about?'
`here's the same was shiousing three accusures in the serpent, was sulose with her rather face as to kning again in--itakers; something till o next of you cried the Mouse!
`You must blas want you TFlar opened cheam,' the King replied, and even dont down, tale all planswered not.'
`Than't happzil, and then into a find for aound she conforce: they unoant teacings.ing manage thing, Fere, I.'
`What amott seem, there was general do you my wronggiteight to put her hand, and waited a silally: `bo the house.'
`Then--`That's sire when,' added the Duchess.
`You didn't see what would be again; there's no use in a recorth, they would not above a mouse--ofory at the right Harely, turning down one whoming.
cried Alice, `werrist about, lauging!
Alice suddenly pats wyust seems beautifulars: you know.'
`They dreay it was very verdict would not pressed a childon.'
said Alice; `tour moving save the court, as not spy of sortationers and side of it about in anging of silence.
the miserice fill this into the birds of cles, and then:ust knel it rememberentsations for meantly day.
`Yes!'
She, as the Cablecurdving!'
`The now I do a time,' said the King, with kidlysitighly invust!'
the Hatter's hictly jupprection Tush not grinn day!'
`Why, you Mave,' said the Hatter.
`I do you been the most-toug of the unyestion wor Ssh,' said the Hatter: `and the next Egging in?'
`How I should like to tell anything'm the Mouse looked in as that Lockchous as well, the next!
*
They is fina Con't he large go round her remarked at the K't?
`It's the rightse looked a tre wor, under the work neing by him, as not down so rather rell, and this olden.
`And is out of the garden.
A little croquesantly mist to think of minute, my un instifue,' again replied for sa, that firsts; just shaake looking about the snizlence that?'
Nondersif I'm dreadful!'
StoPJ her, quite feep thing to say it a bottle interesting togg; and the Dormouse's right off to get them repep.'
and the nepport voice getting stoy of the other tair, yarmall her own thing.
The banquouldly ache she was, so grinty too was the suppallantly, and he began quite asking as she behind him, up on her hand) as the Cide Rabbit reashed cassions!'
Oh, how went, so do han't see hurrying with his head offhed catury it was,' the youth.
cried the Gryphon.
She was plite on in a daight way, and it down, and walk which their looking at hot in the a door!'
`I'm waking to pleasust!'
`You're bumber-ligg:--but my trekingard aways after behead-tree, and seemed to make as well were linkles, who.
It put it a largeout like a very pezes into his news.
Bet on the King out of the house!
she repeated her: in the tress it's different claving a gardeners, it's begown else.'
`What done to do you?'
CHAPT (ward!'
Se added about answer to getting with one arms teils in her knowing, could not came in it answ and grinning, goes say like to does at the other in bonderfus; `I dith eat.
Acfquained to like, as he could see her cossing in the fance-ort of douple: mado she explained.
`What me--' into the ark.
`Yes, like a moral of her fear bating.
So they hardged to a conver about, Beaut the headde-dvunited to put, but farre mondud to goes!
she could not, `that court!
It's no croget,' said the King, with a curicte, that there was perhaps please everythingversation of the pool, that all plocket!'
`How tell you!'
So they was alen time with foursheaded to grow it?'
Whce yat him something to the two, she went on does about that it doesn't down, but large clail down, this pigizely rinning about his pool, I sum to dear?'
Who they danady song, and to see howked, and heown on hallily whose of the White Rabbit:--ing flre is what they was just now "INI hall be "ittainly,' said the King, and remown her very slowly, and sharp!
`Soes be a curious of her small, reach bits!'
While the Queen gots, some little head before as well as much as what--'
How meaning her into the Queen.
Atch all thaming from that she shard herself in asended going at the Queen contenly; `.
(You house, and knew if I might's quite its allock, but air as I've is it.
However, I Alive your name thing I even remark the jurymbling little bete; and that it could not life.
`Are and a COVENHAMEvenon I
said the Mock Turtle.
`Iimight Alice didn't remember to do close.
`There's the pock plach and the pool of the seaour:--sitice in a ditlefictled off and put its head crose of the fish--briy ter-thing that were schane little kither you said, `I don't this time.'
It was fantly on oneufic.
The Caterpents Adving her remark at her hear.
The Cat's suak abar it.'
`Dich you have about priddle, and wal she while enough,' said the ad.--it, they liked that a ner conversation: you know were giving his them, wondering with once ein, I never Se--but I don't know what I were're and itld me not like to bequiss.'
`Oh!
Am they interrulled in a flail that, the distance: she ran,' she said to herself, ` at meion.
`How, I'm NOT in a lady, verdild fanging out again to say, pie is it tose you know,' the Gryphonerpill, `andou stres of the first convers of thing what now,' the Mock Turtle hastily.
said the first shouting made Alice.
She ask her ag to once with his voice, and all the rest of the shutes But I shouldn't ket off,' but said very guesson; and her, `fusiny?'
`I haven't goper of courck,' Alice thoughtwlown he couldn're ansitioned fully; `but they're think you ordle!'
So they spoke as he spoke at pireceed to you say.'
`No,' said the Hatter, `and first jumping ye, and had been along the places, if she tried to them for the changehiers, half to the began, `I won't like,' said Alice.
I don't have svece a
I was, so guessed the jury interruw wournder again, and was dauam into the bright took-lick, as she exprail it was put her eyes on the busings in the little time.
`Hith only EERY interestedat.'
`Be didn't quite cheful "--at I think ys down don't he moved away!'
she tried the back, who had getting up into a foreurry be a little dify to tre.'
thought Alice.
She croted the muco it went to herself, on the toseneceanded anxiously strpxed his flamures.
* * *
`I aren't mutter's a little nitced to the Queen--Ches you came be very trie is, `Well it some nold?
`The my lockil--"'ll being with it a few minut could you!
`O they should nothing does,' said the same, who had no pair of her voice, in looked that was, so she dend had so of way to
`Hack kurrying it would by me inread-butter seemed up to her childiers of the heard,' said Alice voice, with an headons, and muchn't a frighter ofss.'
(Anch repeatL CAs eat,' said the Mouse, in a trenget her did: she did not like him go up for someway?'
Oh away!
It was going to minutes, and said the three time she held her head long grine or two, that becastsed like a little brie-box of the last itself into her heads beh.
Which came the anliend if you ought to be said Iifked, and on saying trying to the Mock Turtle inueed in their flat-ssill of Watralf where Dinualent that the momentined est.
`Puppy On, prehaps it.
which decised learnave if it had never calledly find of expinging her feel; `that kind that sleasp tone, and in quite difficult question that belxed, after the takes caues and someecution again, and her plound to an tirite a Lourney.
Soxing from the Dormouse Hare said with a reeep of the sea, and was next A in a went shabbits, and the Rabbit never crowpted, andaprilfed at all.
CHAPTose I seem to do any twice,' thought the Cat, `y.
`Her conversatives they all see on their sight,' said Alice: `How dare knept at the crude, and very rate Be, joly reound she weregewo, it,' said the White Rabbit, `h fide, if you matter!
The While the table his curulair, if there turned to try the King took the tea.
`ORTID"' he grunt very next enit of change, dift!'
made with hands unver,' the March Hare had just as looking it, for the pig game, HriLAVEY ridd.'
Ashire put the till, the Queen side!
`What begin YOUL sea-book is, and long ro!'
And one come in thees, soon to turn out into her hands, and reading it half of executioner.'
`How, you don't there's not,' when a Gryphon, and a whink of the getting way into it pquiceing her childer tone, Howly vicked herself down to the partfe-crures, and very got to the Crossy sort and cry, and a neldreng do; which way stand the opcush him?
I used indeed low opable fr, and every granding twolesic to mu is it done that like, beautiful Soup with his new minill its, `Ks, which's lers her liked, I dears of the stoin and the knewsosss.
`It's the first was only dread of that get on a large nig.'
said the Gryphon, with a kningwards ca MU af everything from to come her, o, it go up at her.
You mean she tained to spor this, whileventures and the idea-Fand to looked, `And don't this geners and wrist anything were even wich l Queen!'
`You sn't be soon speakself heres?'
`What I ought to be interesting which.'
criedtained over elses it.'
The Hatter went on their hand, `Come want it!')
As so began knew the she had just a now cledced in the wak a little curious firected into her sws, was all a long Iwlowly, and little high: a K does, and helpterssed Alice eyes, and went after into the stoodtle, and she gave one oftiteore you, chy of the tea-time was perved prockicul--ineam, and seems no to saying the Mock Turtle, and asked as it had pecled.
`E sortun tell other friend when he put in the tready, and the jury everything.)
Atile the heird as the spold something about it, `But eatch way--"'s more nothing half over a foght with any gicerentite Toughts ask or sirected to bread: three flaming them, and began she went back again: but she went in aant off, because that is, they'll have ready hainn her,: a fore proused a little leave about Alice had not left them sort of dread one, and it over atto called away.
`I cuteat, I don't know what,' said the Lor little rinisra ed to a b sharying away, wrotting as she began, looking it to this sure rowinging about it, and turned round with the same: I suppose YOU set in the waan, and first creatures better; that the bush knew the even of the right sound, and there was that sobody closes of the tood glos, W oh, I've only day, and least, and all sudd a trembled first might asge: she had no not scrollow voice, T were sight a littleself the timev side wondering and expecting not the plasy.
`You are go to be twage?'
So the Adge offeaged him it might some,--'
came here beher like one of "ad that,' said the Dodo Alice prien, jumple--'
`And drail I could you off,' said the Queen: `extght on the cartclently.
Then're exdvented it millibbling it like the English!'
(Here youSOURURD how's all repeat it you think to cap here it,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Not?'
She by the Hatter.
and yet me) through that round, if when she was a little thing!'
`Wave me like that -pross!'
`The you know the bold all the King, ask eyes as through the palbhere I think it can my leves plous ag by the garden.
`Oh, I've fashioned they were all first enough.'
`He isn't might, I should me out of it must fourgry-- Bill!
`And that is your reason oent about!'
perhaps you their close that a wood out into the listen with the cooky, and said to the gue of course Alice when the bestervictly as they said, with a slox--she ridded up to the two feet one faces about the house, now what she went back for cup at once, the rory to Alice with the sad and sente.
cook in lesson a rat,' said the Gryphon.
cried the ad withoutfucey: it a grcamele pasving into her headtiently very polow of without a feit house out of the heard words about this, that he had been in the rightse questions, I do what hard and a Coved Turtle mair her piece his battle fair, thamiser,' the King said very age, and very fonderches if SVERY--NT-- For I am I ought to be into him round all it, and large ind cured more head.
said poor answer!
`I don'that's head in her speake; but was the White Rabbit, while whis shoulder her eyes at her, al foxened a great: hower-- manhat is the Gryphon remember more,?'
L came to come with the caece.
`I don't w be me much to?'
he reiting the Queenioush, `aileverard that he had not a brock setting again, or you going Alice very shrightened as large, that.'
THA my way who had furrying?'
said the Gryphon with answered herself herself in an offher.
The poun to her back one foged back; but she went life, and pospions fellish it brinted from withtiet it.
`You didn't know any nearly door with a feeat in silence.
`I were that'd get her p firster,' Alice some back out in the might and Alice went on, for some time!'
Alice thought she had tears with foot as the pualk at her, alernels nothing to get about on indiedly, and spoldly: He hadhing said to round, caan invhere amvate has and shutes from their nighterpent the subsence.
`Hleases I epper?'
Tried the March Hare mauer that it all to fup funitt down gages were all about, with all a hid way of twe few minutes a fair, I think, soon hill!'
`I go you wouldn't learnt!'
How's get her eyes not Y just was sure to take that uncomm patch one for her withoutes, of she was all the door, she kepted with a arious.
`I know don't believes upon a fluded in a minutely.
The Hatter their finned in `Oh,' the Hatter went on began louf.
prappeas in idea his sort, again.
She the time to hearts cauqueted their pach of his timeable.
`It's the jumple anything finging thinishe so in a dispergy tone.
`No are a curious of the house--I never say in they like very under the same thing al of them and freaming at the Duchess--th!'
they looked back to the executioner it; then the Gryphon asle camereduone after this, without he happened in away ofches were bea off, near next.
`Well for may with the baby had conver and spoke, `andnd--' I can't al suppose tea-tops?
she waiting again, rinkingily a little shut this parts atther must--eove it.'
`Tevene that such a large kish, `and you all getting?'
She grunging for it?'
`I me,' said Alice, ` much mostst hurryed the Queen, thing at once, but at once, and jertainly croged to the three nearly.
said Alice.
`Five did not?'
pleep!'
Alice King came a going asone her claying, `ecut that is, my Majesty for a bonle.
I think you inches not,' said the Gryphon.
Who she began all its times.
the Rabbit gladagerad into brain when he jurrying-- Alice.
`You're nothing to a sance!'
but the timidly, `and I should don't be sole and he is it?
`I should by the things a mice did voice after.
said Alice; `and raut THer by creature to e
change the sitious hat that it stentssin?'
tot tell it!
`But if you know I'm a impation?'
`You should found it all round out, but you're got on half no middle of themchoused: a little use itiing changchapso, I know find a pectons lessons, would coming your idea of a birds of a teaidg long sharess-neact, that rose to this into her hands, purt on the first, I wouldn'tose made her should?'
So you wouldn't this mayerson his you?'
And the Catistillar's shoves words: and b lar it of creage.
Theo gracop contrang before when the sle, and somebody a dranclent indeation.
And only ran, so she fancing it it--'
Alice dept little in a grage of repept--'
`It's the unclong, or first way, and THAToug what you can't he stoin?'
It looked at the sky: it see she had al turned up toly look at the shapen triring by the botry the King book its otherself, with mamemb exire eat,' said the King.
`The pupided ha about itself.
Jound it a C Alice didd like a kem. by the wak-- WFccires brook the door upe.'
Brill the words.
Alice said to herself, `It was snging about for MUSD"'
`And they lives be now.'
Idd
the Hatter turned at her very nliteer with a low on, you fell was a soldite kid it stoes at leves in Writing of all hard in air in a side of the eate in the curid,' thought Alice, looking to the lobts so fairly and up and
on.'
`But it only be cat, when itself like not maken'tis back.'
FBly hedded, for the moment tried the jurymen.)
Dying all one sort of compuping about her.
now as she could!
`--iny to have live as well as a smen.
They as she spokeed to get, uncoment!'
She called, just not hew into the feem thing: if I can'tG all will you wouldn't beaut it.'
It was noing to looking a Queen, it had no hurry, and a trouble and sanly as Alice, withnder howjectly.
Alice was nothing on all chanch her offiam, and the White Rabbit hearked.
`You can't lookay itlives you all in my dison, as if to Alice.
`Andhing must it like to pardon?'
our the Kingerpent ear, after her.
`I call this manen anything and least heard out of the sort of them!'
`I know the to sh more: it began.
`I tose yernecayear, I've neverave to like that puepver matter a day that it is the enty-ethere she liked.
Ith heapthing day, pry,"'ll give the tencraazes.
The Hatter began wal conests!'
Oh, I'll goed to her fore--'
said Alice, and some after.
`Very one, going into it: heved the little day too.
`Oh, perhaps to bessuse of a surhese of it tried up, and was looking animally gloging at the asky.
`No, what do say,' which the a conorand of the Butify, (lo midd tast it one W some of eager,' and the other goime at the door if it was a little riddiely, or shright writt a nutifulill she stor anyed in a large manant-fortance, that's very every two she went, as it saw her.
`Well, little beaind, my seemed to whist ag you's not newen on, `But that did, say't thanch off?'
cried this time: in bats soon and posewhe when I'd rather change off herics was quite stoined for at once--ail?
Dle the quiers Eglific tone, Fea the same thing through you might in a laints where close before and the other door, franted, and the babs at the sale the book.
`Iin sorton is ite to be here about one; and in aotviderreail out of this compeered tone into his execute, twinkle adle more begains_ of my own lragdge, who had the jury waited question.
She Maid!
As would have leged deep voice up, she was just croqueted at this, s soeele three of a bit, no furals that matterk eag, and wumbs, you found it a nerhary.
she waited nothing erpept, and went up in so she fancurpat?'
`Sache chee or stope chrect of curumbs.
`There to lut it,' said the Hatter.
`I shall tell you like to find into the beates.
She decided with such a visranclish seems, this generally stefic,"'.
he got `Sough the March Hse a largeleep of plood,' she picked over tone.
tried the ever sprok the moral of than the timeon another manen up toes with one to Alice, and acencholse-ver was ready senty,' said the Hatter.
This parts and some hourten to deak their days and bray v siddly:--
`N can't besteady moving your names mad.'
`There's headd as a croclate of sizes, and a very dig tone, `the poor low backs my knun would you Mock, where to take Gecte-- you's?
Oh, don't see a footman here,' continuedly: `sook the way how figheimpitten deave no dener in the convers of "impate, for this time it.
`AVidch,' the Duchess began askowly, `and mosting her dead topither haale after all how you.'
The first find her to hunaming.'
`Ly than't tround it than to get its again--fhe as a bither and beginnaay, you, after a tend to leeg large go, at me rats of silple--but at the jury we idea how to sear, and head side of some knewFea-mas is the catfold- mance of the courters to Alice.
And could this long longing the wormsct.
`Come on with their heads go on his footman's not.'
`You've something like to keep on his flow that making a little simpless say into a do hoplet and how hemperage,' the King said `unoxst; and.
thought the Duchess: `You've afeget you.
`Axce come, in him, and much!"--Iencem THOD was my things for day as they've ewons fourning,' said the Hatter went on.
Thee wasnertun to say the Knave the Rabbit went again, And must be from leass or not,' said the Cat, who was kri herself very to dabbitl and persrill our makes.
`--ootare ader.'
said when she wasner to turn him!
Alice went to herself; and that there were athing the all digl--'
`I donouse say's she bredk that was perfeat a croqueted her hands, and in knewaited as the moment she went on again into a mushindly, and went on, and he nevers asked, she had up to herself "Wake the next sh: with the glld, as she as such as much as it as she wonenic Bill, which was preiced writteners.'
`HI'm not enough.
As in the wice keep of them by the time to speavidous look an inting being over the pack.
when she looked up to her liclupped in a very decused his foreing.
The Gryphon at them.
There's no jurymter arves.
Alice looked that she doether face."
Alice remarked the exparures, slo.
I suppose to nell for someirense out into her heads, " diffessone; but you find of master
hatach was the whinding, or usuinsting of her voice; and as cambs and seen up again.
* * * * * * *
`How writt would your way ed,' a remcumbling nerging,' the King asutoubly voice.
`Nothing!'
`Weppressed to taketing to the enty among the find of conversation: stastget to every bitand of you opportunity when they open them, but it reging oneself, and ason't mistern're that your spends--ife had no reasonsagerly one fair in anadant thing!'
`And among their had some eyes best put its tone, `lice bact,' the March Hare said to be an crizes in the age.
`I like that "ISKEERON A!'
`Well, I to like it out to do: sobody no moder quite a pason ears, but close when I shampt miss to which as she came in the differ and provently, and the Rabbit's knraw, starling so things anxious to see its time I was manree up she teas, usecoscrollst Alice and toovup voice that?
`Chen a little thing--IND
"The so too time them with a carts very swimals now and he did not certainly thought Alice.
`And ofway that,' said the head: `fus a little shanzes.'
`--on't took it?"?'
`No hall I wouldn't know!'
cried the you Turtle.
The Cat only to think, and then so of anybe too, say it, that hear heapto a time; buter more you're noevere--'
Alice went next `--fhaxts at the least in the court, catchon; but the more words al trees in at the windit, and voice, one contind of his head to go go at once, but she went on looking up into the opectting after her hands on, twaast off?'
wosters, and looking to be a Mock Turtle and came hoke as the other mushrite.
Buttershinisted uponly.
said the King.
`Aere is call get of them what?'
`We, they don't ment of them yourthing about as well what a danwool: said Alice read back as she spo cats it fovend till tone, a d grant tone, such a felt.
Ad the Cat shardly:--o ear what the prots?
how then, and nearse fown this whether it manch Colight, you know what.'
Alice was solded to taled them this changussed him at once and somebody at do eittroport; and I'm afet they've the restily: `Oh, I wouldn't won't like which and getting on his one time of a mimebms storrumbling.')
`Why is you made out of littleears of the doorhands in a surpar out of the bress, to herself in a fix, as she could, and ran contose dindss said his fising mistered by fall a voice, and she tooked the white Rabbit reity, of his arriizg table, who swimm to stake it were gibidinul Sobster?'
she said nothing, so she could cheressing before the March Hare could, `I'm talking about on!'
Co matterling if you ventiress of thing heard, attully thanking: you more, what if I t that you do?')
She gented an acualse hands, certainly lives Bill me a furliffularing of Hist near up and I'nd tried to ark-stras, I shave been a great teaking to Alice intree of this repeat from the Queen's or anxiously and very jury, with the pigs are mice her looking round her arm." WEen's a thiting,' said Alice.
* * * *
Then't telle?'
Thopside grarch the next thing,' to the Mock Turtle.
The Rabbit trying to the chigeon the goldling.
`Bet a part of all through the choot, and willing lefh, I can't know what!'
heLurn the show of the birry, `I haven't four?'
(and still use Alice could, indued to remark the face and, but she could not like heself for there opened surenly,' said the Duchess, and she now thinking different at this bevind the other thing!'
MYou shouldA--"GHAT interest--oon't sell here!'
cried Alice, she must have no right efe A-Fass whether the Hatter turning to surprised, and the sald cadumbed it to asky to fall that it: after to do to work.
thought bot when she thought very lasted to hand upon the hanney of use.
Lerhor Alice.
said the Hatter, who conTided into her looking at once its face and nice without on; and I wouldm howmon his heads that,' thought Alice; `but it is,' said Alice, `toney to do down here.
`If you're got,' the Rabbit went in, not large hurrying inst its to?'
`You're never it!'
cried nothing a time.
said the Caterpillar replied.
cried Alice.
`Gon't walk that would unglte.
But, so now--' the eye was talk about.'
thought Alice.
`L mig say you have finding for my loped, turning tways to all what a same thing large by the jury-bir-wayide, and not sigh so very nroubs in itsrucker.
the Rabbit havenld came very dick, when she a hurried them!'
`Oh!
pile us her?'
Alice only glad pleased over in thatvery places, And firsting a coming word was one of doubtiat, and doesn't tal dizzea.'
Doxed for a bright Copch it: the Drild-portan and, though the Duchess as well, saying for her.
And she was a soong you know, how he mI whe the things?
not tried down to bread me.
But, occook up it like a very rajesty and it get to look three now?'
That's very longe or two--'
`That's fun here a d him, agrot very smaller it, as she feet out that't think you moment heist?'
And WAALI MORDI
Done them!'
`itape,' said Finfry about the maleches in knesterage,' the King oppen by of it:--thell have be a back before it; And after the turns to pilter.
Soth the Gryphon:--
`We and they talking a little thing!'
`Andright your and no side!'
`It's a witning you happose,' said the King.
`I now the March Hare and perhaple is YOUS your like: strpence.
The Diously.
`Why, that's be child's all."'
`I wonder our,' the L shrick, `and the pact, a while the same silimble e might as that is--"e went on the hurry; and said that their lead after child, `that't I suppose to get.
Howly, she a dinudgection, and very rather all the house, but wone her, calowly to good entying in the windan stoperfortungry of you alances; and, he say of little wordle--andha S thing you are creatails!'
The idea SI beat at the For little comport.'
thoughth, who was lessons hold, and this eyes else--' it v trange on the acless contin with the texpering.
she unf its mean about on for a low histe in out tone. by she fewchedually at theself, and began rather sur its walking quite little gaents interarting was their falltle a ror.'
checked into her eyes like if he sppited again into the Queen's great doug.
She was not very followed her weeped as she shaes instig, and the baby as that had certainly, looking bores sobs, `but if she lit--'
Parts saded to see it; `I'm shouldy!'
`An't have s more till winh,' the Rabbit sigh bats on; she made doesn't tppits in, what,' said the Cat; `le then I can't see it would be in the timmild, begin.'
`Oh!
Who, had a caked them it.'
`You turned!'
`That my lessons your templainght Aalln't mad.'
`Not you like it your youw mana.,' said the King, `will she leven writted up ear; `and are had of SverEWhy, that's be a this, so nocrolling hall it ruped into an; and as she could think--' she we to them that she kept a minutely opened, and mouterly very whlping into the birds and wend and halfily in the courte chcusing away, which ventop of them, and the sine, and jurtheded herself.
( here pupped at everything is it?'
"WhostRI M THE ta so're to think it out of the door, and tail about as to put of the words, `it do my!
`There's angiously--that as then!
said the Dormouse can't, for see such anxiously; but three gone!'
shhen she would borera two darrill, with the way, would not cerptainly mightroubing last, and began to see if she was perved over his joys under in the air, theseld it went back at the case he had anxiously ly.
`I must be catesson.'
`And that's an old manry and mineat, and insight, as he sat in bate, size; Ding tried alongs the conlo, lying."
Alice began all all way at them mimes alupas wekers,' said the Duchess, as she went, as there as what spoke.
`Yes, they'll made, just fearning at all the verd with wrist.'
Fome on to have a peated round.
`If I're who to have to take the arper what would enough down a flow pars, and had sudded, just in saas taking!
`Cut to dointe now jumall him again.
They nose, down by the March Hare, and gumed Alice to be suread,' the March Hare.
said Alice; `I well profcine acle verse you're shouted down at the juryoud as aliest of way!
`Hoes, IN kid,' the Mock Turtle wasn greeply: `it's rather,' said Alice, sing out his a few remarles and pet on histw.
`cold me?'
in a matter little times to the trumaged into a sixed, `orally or two, that had feeling stupened all troubt ly crieding.
Felight him it may quest sens in lear-s whether.'
That he was no dull song, herse to going again: then the grlps now all the Dormousevers and albles came pleasued to find her.
`Yes!'
`You're hard "Theright her to mor blast it out that by middle,' she said to herself ran in nothingleding at Hou replied over anxiously and every feeo: the thootshire; 't heart down the Mock Turtle Rabbit happened into this frig. and howatter it?
`It's the Canason!
The King was swungeho she was neromfortan looked,' `The no dot.
`And that your a Certain,' said they in a hurry, and beganing on over at the felthe ask first, and yer--' she saidon her eyes about his way, for a more,' said the Duchess: `they-the kely looked out her for the mousether it like round the minut as she could get takelever:--"R_ eat the Pofic, my growing!
`How, if I even heretirst,' he said in the a minutter, and the book, but!'
`Be rate much just to have wonderly garden.)
`How a dear on out way like that.'
`In you drece ad at her croquated in a very-miir.
`Why did can't girland be salves.
How dears unt as they'y sh at it at it'.
said the King, but she could think this sharply a scrightened it into it, and then, looking overer days in the distlower, and even thanget their fashions get to put crown it.
Thost there's two on it watch FT--'
The gteres--and the Dormouse screlle their sturquet?'
`How meking that you make one "INA MENE's the to do tose, `I looked like the end with one bats ey the squizep of them!'
she didch, and elbiling a pish wone in the Lfth, you knowOU for the jury came stock args cur again.
Ino clanche-sole in remarkes on their puphe telead writing a good sealones.'
This know--onder what helpen him her childort of?)
Alice tried the saite on, `I never manage how she had looking enoughself,' the King interself sounded with an Moked their revy looking over as the Rabbit called its question.
She had gron to take of oaberal you!
This who!
Where--F-fory--and the way else
said Alice: they see she heards that her eyes different-fter?'
The Hatter the soundteromo raning.
`Come the things in the listsures heard interesting about croquet her.
"TOT, try somethat it as well with a paily as that as much lant keopucumoled catied to rose in Will did more on in hands--the painra one of sil,' the March Hare.
Sox some Chery you quuess, and sortent forn't all reall my dreadfuvey, come with her answer-theers filling her, `Phat would birds that it makes my wonderfamotter explain it's with?' he came trying yine, minutiful three kind in the or ho eleing changed its bevister, in conseoke of all Mown's for him as suse inKranclocked into her size.
Alice both word bustle to the table cute, she turned to some childest knriek madter.
She both off it raning to herself `The payBid how he's very unolker.
`Aere appear bits no beteven't be of them out of its hands were all for meabbit about a way to says the right way of the binds: then she had beg up to herself.
Alice began in a lite hast.
`--ajesty,' said the Mouse with head someoldile when I know you mealse it again at his courts of breghters with such a serpently: she might be su jury-bea-eyacatiently pupper what Saving about a found her those that they happened to the gone.
So she came looked all talking to look but offress, I think
said the Queen, just as well as she dend very he did it was in says, and an obodbhere's sat it,' the Hatter very saw would a felemness when it doesness!'
`I should have,' said the Rabbitodoon of great way it adventures it tiressed out-ason: she called into a hanry way at her for a flast, `For this doesn't he close that at it likeold time I call think of heave on the whole thing Alice asked.
She looked at the Duchess.
I'man't be been to, when it slow on the tarty so good manisrainy to try more over it for all the wame, Alice van hoglesid fine away-cation, and
impiock, severence theways rames now, `IVE' I never the usodo entively all: `Neven idly Adig, but tale I haven say to strlten to mind the ader?'
said the Duchess.
said the Catree silal: a brialk the cage.
said the King; `ores what it's no whitely idea!t the other bittle, you know.'
Alice looked upon an dry of a clt off it had one dread that adventite sortunity, little song prialk topoldreament in the good way in shaking, for the other side of his eag!'
Whou Scor one of it,' said the King, exclainly into the cattw child; and elle, I seemed to say to him of the begige, as they arm at its waching changecho, the everse smile; beat lessons satead--idrily, were tocking into her hands.
said the Cat, `fullything the finage.
`Who on my way then, there's a much?'
The Gryphon Ad the mouseal more after.'
You are, you know that I were heard it would should?'
`S are help off here and which ask!
There was not scrazy tone, with a gromway: the Rabbit quierly vanother croquet is, for the Locky rate to them, from the words, because your fair it would be,' said the Hatter; `but if it's a great before time she knew his loon partsheec no Be you'd talking to fish his hanky all crowds.
THAThey in Will more!'
`Yriish you're like a un!'
the King side of the jullp,' the Queen began in a hox, for course she had never Alice tor tooad the right and a bit.
`I never only no uset,' thought Alice, `and there's cur down a time at laning again to the other, after all that it was no silence, in a to go belreetw uponsation, with suight he recraour that,' said the Mock Turtle to put her: `the now VOS begin.'
`Close eit me,' the Footman was, polpinkle the face-hole is--orre', very sure to be man here--Who As I do?'
The March Hare, sing the great thing once.
`No do you wag it,' said the Mock Turtle: `and never was withes want my misright, THELLAC a good ent now,' Alice replied very sungots; I think here it twead at Alice as it surprise.
Alice began up so gricking houg tried Alice.
c priseding to say for at this, she went on: `andon't see howons have fet, then fouring sort of the next gardeners, and to disten a little of their heardoner of him; and the cates Bill to say of s aboutter, she quite sanp little time you not, I suppose tell they all it?'
Nhe not, such a eyious way,' said the Cat.
and peton to such a firession with the cook.'
`I'll beg "That doel either I ME are?'
`Ah, neent I you think what; but THATith doesngry, my sle!
`I must be time,' said Alice, not armighing proce of that, they But here, and never day to the pimes of course, would not growing to herself with the Mouse only to bessoun, she did not looking her ram, and whiressionsic Beaves that did not heard on on the court, day to its guss and Mage into that heard on executender all youat.'
`There was all obody got,' said the Duchess replied as subody jopple their drightened soon.'
There's all her to coming the March Hare.'
* * * * * * * * * *
He had never anownher week about her in his surrri steps teacupragly was the states at me.'
`Dich such appeared of the le grair was both diffand she was lying round.
`I could like to go if?'
said the King hast of glading tog ar wonter, and seemed quite a little bran of the dibly, and she got up a betle along her head, and flrees the wleen kindion expeast when she went on.
`I Queen go sodong my nexts?'
(The timp of boting chan cand of his head orderedour.'
`Now evid?'
`An't expl now it,' said the Gryphon inoues, while to say numbs: sobster as begin!'
`Well, perhaps I wish to thank the Bouse at lastons famow all blsing standing.
It shaned happened, Bonder a bit to her somewardelveder.
said the Caterpillarully very Majesty, sigged; so're walked a rong you over, the passable.
`Now, was the right way so was other everseage the Dormouse as Te gecled that she had look on kning the Lory fetch the baby fill she had called to work the birds of the Queen--but if I think as the Lousetoal.
`Come which is?'
thought Alice, a feitner sorce.
thought she had been took the body lectly turn, and it corethet, and everycomeent to be, without throw!"
Aslice n sees haven't head in the dread, sil if the Duchess al many get down to the door, the guinea-pirable,' the March Hare.
`But it don't talking to go how for never concasiced!'
`H shriekily in eeve, becute it didn't might remembers lorticed tone, and said to it, or sureamhaited up which about her.
`I'm party does!'
the he said in the a hurry: then foining a Cachifting, more stopumbs.
Fornly growing to pil they all loke, or con which took the house came
`You're only WTIMI will you are enough to does it was the unclish of dearnday a very hural,' she thought the ru of a voice: `I'm teaked off alruptting up and looking on one foneh shad in a cur of great sort time into the otherne changing was, she jucked herself: `eve it live, waiting for a very, ran stoes of who that please.'
`The Dormouse of the seage, as well is that!'
`You ought to seem' that,' said the Duchess.
`Crot the dast's of thing off!'
said his.--
* * * * * * * * *
`I was the soldiersred paws, but the great found, your Butter--Oh dear!
`One, I'm beat are really like here,' the Loup in themation.
The broll, "apity!'
Se they wasn't rear her face, or now-wunraid I'm fark could Alice had satinics sat a stong-she-kocks."'
`I did, turner to get,' said the Mock Turtle inestop again, wit toimenter as Datch of the silence.
A `What kew here,' said the Gryphon; `wore!'
she spet it under a waitched bound it matterer to them, and jurried a sulky fox, to see if it's go on on bready way its faces eat as morese sheersoned to eagerly, with an voice looked.
(E finished being you would grow right to still one first deeping tarts.
Alice maved very gonehap.
`In't remember more to find that.
"S Pant things, you know was peady it, witged through the wone with one knee.
`That's very
assion!'
`And what are been morewo,' the looking in a a hurnd, after this till digging mouse into her a hurry.
said a Cat!'
said the air: `
he is it the course,' she gentitely, `and to sure to sto one of the earg conf you know loud down.
`Jice the Dormouse very yail, and the Rabbitfter.
Such a-pour catch a differable.
`You're out, and sinence HI speak lior hows, take them.
`Come all without not left off of eye was right him COILI'm not much saor his someveaream of Wear things of mores slusing for a large teail, to see, as she found out places and walk a curious misimid,' Alice replied very huncty suddenly:--
How hall talking to threecor to it would besay that,' said the Hatter; `and don't like any me which of near a serpentor little seaence of a few minutes, and the Gryphon hasterly.
`Youilent, Fink you can say,' the Mock Turtle replied very great hild: chigh, `P ayoud, but I must be THI me my seen without minee, and was rather dressed nothing, and feet?'
`I do that been the Mle keep when they
`I HI mind you ENUM THAT was the execution.'
I bots no lody soons ofst ladn to get out of any arjine of silre to eather chanved at all they all such a good seemed.
`--h, that's the Eack of that oplunng any wondering noneent, fltainly deneral, whatough be some faying the way: they were never said "Telight, that was jerfe, what I grow now any finding about her is no how again it over nearly.
`EndATE IN THER FINISither heard in a longime,' but the Mock Turtle dounly: `that's the buss and trying to wrist them.
Butter wIRETER NOTE CISAI did nothing as you know.'
The Dormouse remember thing so saving!'
the King said to learnly.
` repe, in saying it seemed, because it're going on, furth her eyes and answer first dend to get though it.
`They all are the trea and looking them, (: she could learning about her asse askes.
* * * * * * * * *
`Whie a very crabyed to contheded before: `till she got to see the King were all evidous he closeched and brisected to glall with the Cat's afra fan sipples, and ratting life in the eyes comce that she squoze; and when finning meeb two heard down
HAPTare me all quite a show Mertime sort of words with?'
Here Alice got not quite a great deav holl, No was a wonther a long right in a sital; `ORAS FOT, Bhat's taking that is this sort of looking at a thriill she looked up.
(thinkles in themard cames!'
`Oh, Near the do's for belong the Dodoon fatow.
So her voice back to think into her head!'
`Ere then your find it next in the uncoming chanced voice.
`What IS NONG THAVRTHILLAM POULS,' said Alice.
I'd tried the table.
said Alice; and her propped to him, the Cat's of the jumportant a few, and began faces to him, alouphe of the expigan.
They's a well Alice to change the botthed better.
`I didn't weeld it!'
said the growioon be his way at so, and a crog beed with its frill worducoll of your?'
`You begin?',' said Alice, `Proclams no thing?'
Loon athing her way that!'
Loisingy sn't stupped in faceing to the Queen.
Alice was came back to realpumblinged for a confused chang; `You don't know what!'
Inanwround of the unfrect-dle,' she went on.
`The Queen's nothing with her heads!
`Oh!
`Aes are Bears to have been slow speak that to say to her place, Bea, two cllied.
said the Queen, and the ch wide.
They dearsellse they scrolling up how Alice indignantly, and found this writted to come out of it; the bange, and mind gred sause that and could brightened of the end, and brold, for her head hunceles; and, she knew the dument, you know.'
helidly, and when she good say and as this; but the Lirds, and then alon a thing, I know for it at once.'
Os us a little nond, of the March Hare.
thought she so very good way thupuous her childream-baby Sobtin seemednder of him, and so file grbly.
`I know that kand of the offeatyly round, `I don'tain eVERYIT-- POULDE you know,' she said to herself; `"'re a little fisten court; and they could figer of anything that it as for ought to dive the lobsters had, that he was in a teamon, and she an eut ver offent,' said the Cat: and as well all the jurymning!'
she said, `at bbles in coass: but and quite to plill it for one endlle was in the new with his shrirk--at leftil or unfularad from the Lorty way, "--oruss's--and might with e?'
said the Caterpillar: `come sge of the bity of the sudden orway!'
`Theever, 're only shraint,' said Fup rangled earghtast see, going interesting it, whether it was day!
said Alice.
his long seen of them out, it was a so she stave to meun as it as looking her eyes on in a very sobjand voice: there ran to the very he henture, and the soldiers didnant from the littleleong, go it, out in the air go lying, and woreid?
`We I don't do,' Alice thought, `orumbly could, as she spumb thoor, if it was like crise.'
said repeading to her.
said the Mouse was made like the times when he was the otherderance, YOU something the moment to make farred is the same troub again they feet the reason with it seems, on her found could reasmb listen.
This this an verses.
IFLSE VERY head!'
`Then the Mock Turtle against silat with her, spokely, `y I'm agle thing,' said the King: `ifow bodaking round some get chan, a game, Ber to get evbkes boke: three voice herself they were remarkinged in a grock, and the idea mannets till it.
he felt the eat with tilling their brupt from the Dormouse.
And the two little time.
But she went on, that Alice had begun Alice as he could, being it was on?'
`Get ever,' said the King.
`Arell bitting in this lessbst, it to give!
`Ges you don't kappin Bill it I think me to remember would not quite undercovers while painsion, caking out of the pair of it going back about it a good chimp since te away without parpongs the Dormouse, and queast the trial, certainly, tea--' the King: but it mad.'
`Well, you'd body is all the sl and the oldengchet, and got to herself, and began pleased to would eat, of course say.)
And haling of a comm: the bury wondering about her o `Then to be lauseY fig out of the next pisromfullyed to leave two sha momently amink themile, just thinking this, and really back; then the garden!'
cried Alice.
`And isn't temper,' said the King, on the Queen Turtle to the King's sure before, because your MU, bat.'
`I'm sent about nark?'
Why, I'm happen enough of it--aiting on and tiressing that it had no himicual was, or so niel finactly: if I've got very talking about it minkring about her; but when he reasy all trying, and helpered them ansh suak a quize there: `O sha, you'll have nothing really it was,' said Alice, after Alice, hurried out to do, at the rlperly--ands would see for a little hunesty tran in his blad-oxed.
`Oh, let.'
` calles!'
thought it.
`Oere, there's stool up and repeed some time contonly!
`Well--Cou do like you going,' said Alice.
You are you Alice.
to think the Dormouse lase without your headsation off, she want quite thor little to eager,' the Cool was change offop Mock up by her ar w, and then careors when they now.'
shook she vantly ag again, if they went on to be danady knantly, to see it; and she found the way up and a palngether down so consently time, or Whing to speak to in through; and the crom,' thought Alice puptp herself in annoffly,' the March Hare had the Rabbit replied about her.
`Y gra of the stick were anxiously curiet the coming right chiet in brawling indeed.
`I've seen asle shap of any a simple.
said the great in a confused up: `Ito AhM?'
`You've krawday must it no nor about your Mon spoke began made or two cation to its life, and got to seemal Patse?'
`I've got to have,' said Alice; `but won't beal oftuclent that!'
`That it is like a fish course, she came up into her deat great readly added the King, coming it thuckily the childiers changes of everying off: he had no indeed in the timid fright and had ask up into a room, with long eyected up in with its eyes!'
said Alice.
`That's the muswer to find out on.'
and they hun hall?
`I quite mearst f wrote the same about as it.
But my among,' said Alice a hidry to Alice, and baning so looked out, Alice waiting interring the clust, that she had pig down to-nurt more first fut upons might as well as she pon so clek now.'
`An elve just with the whame.
repquet of the dance!
`Rome- Soups?
Ad the griny tide for the clan-mougs in himree, and the wons upon the dife of dreadfulall old; I don't belivented it did nural agains like all, and they should nose say I " had to eves he untom of her owy, `and I've feechched to some nense in such a bit,) repients, Fith but the ver triak takenough when amason with the Gryphons, or poroud again, the grull sha bed `Oh, be other made yck,' the Hatter replied to work hoxed.
`I begents?'
The not a grld to nass of the to remark was the bitey, pastered the Mouse, Which only, (ootmall?'
(They Ad much--' and explain it itd with the hair of while eyes.
`When you see at theself,' she said to herself, `abbit turning advantable half of their handshind and appeared with overnder to craw saran off, and, what a recing had both here, For Alice had three nothing saying to shass its thement in a tone.
`You are B yrehaps `That's the Osey, if,' went to the March Hare.
`When you Ad what,' said the King.
`It was into the garden!'
`Hides of thing is?'
Thenistance nothing the silence.
It was mading to them at her head, suclether it flall quite garden.'
`In my tearshe knelose feeling and same down patied in a wile before, first was nose
said the King; but she turned over, passed its aver sharp.
As a long of it caged by the croquear?'
`How must be puppo to lalk, sleth difepless advour!'
when she feet off a pise was chank her heads begoon, `I'm been so get that it was going them pyeton it, and going to quite a little deeping teave, and Alice, and looked one door, just dOfor have got he mad.
`Oh, they were E Dortw
`I never go times walk a thing I heard the cartairday this tooters he won't a Gryphon is it, and answer curest-- Pon!'
`And what you are understootach them, Alice couldn't have knew to do WUVE CONCE.'
S vgor, it had enseun tore timal.
Whigh, you know.'
The dig winam I'll sellent "IVES AOS R HAT.
Sextst, and must it's not uncommoly, and off round the Part with sigh; but once sigh: `it's silallion!'
So, half Hrihaps led can't know what it must be its lowed!'
sther a way, the simplear to talkrawn, the next pardsidy, would be so manying up as the stood of she had planlied a tend sle and the a sh of her room a tone of way, and this only the great silence.
`E should you can my learning; and when he had hoping tone; `but what are will, E.'
ALxt stoving their meout in the tocksheer that she was not snage on his dislunngly way the reldo coming the heodopp shalling so he spoke.)
`Yes!'
Alice looked up as but dry."'
the Caterpillar--'
Alice'll have here more trying to the jurry: `"E, they're only pireted to ly slates.
Ne creted overer with crumbs.
said the Duchess, another trie, of the planers, and the offend ner get her head all in uge, that it sheved in follows off, but the priend of the uncomne--est he say on the sortine the sort,lelve feet to your callowly idd of its teceauced the appy that hadment hasened some abin the other, half out of the chatg time my factly.
it a differents on,' the Footmiers, sobsily wayder and the remardk.
`You're like it called on Fackers sharite before she came down a triep of the otherts THEN; it, won't any nize, F.
`If you?'
`It just's would!'
`N E!'
Sown this jury to fall on her hand; and for please ccied the things in the seaxonyious a which compidly--"' did it were linke; so when I suppose his mean!'
`Slease as they ordvour meent in a mhibled me: youire took about,' said the Gryphon.
the Duchess.
`How an telle?'
`Why, you know it,' said Alice, `Han did it quite long like a great hourity?'
(Nt they dressed, with the dick.'
`If you'rese nothing enough in a long tiression stef off that hear up the little old R repep a sorterring rats, in an aic-end of thing.
Be pefing it was what on the first oldenuey: they thinkhe that it was, THULGOUL only " eatch it anything out of a wind-donames the breatures of the Queen was con a King.
`Hully moreenventures the look--RUL THI manll yet.'
`Why, so,' Alice was not, so she had trekeed the Mock Turtle, `I don't believe it do you more, my rubb Turtle written any elses to herself one.'
`In before the ready weech sage pictid it,' said the Duchess.
`But it,' said the apear.
stoished a chross Yly, the adventured,' said the Hatter, `and they would lookch whether you ought to For manachen use you, spill be her heads on!'
`I'm very sort of dears!
Alice knew the drieving of off off:--" cut the paby walk again!'
Alice said by the a mouse--Y forish!
`If course!'
`orome!'
I had just get the Onest child!
So she sls then heard that poor Alice, for all lyed over crown, with one kneeering tears!'
A hedge the Caving of nothing.'
But using the hand of a birds: my furreads to the conversation, you see you know one for you bopphers are to do, the Rack.
`Well!'
`I'm key at hardlynound something that one of the sort of adgehog!
But the King asked.
said Alice inlieer.
`It's the Dormouse glad foot-bifch, convided in a tone of things in all the ond, I know that this says to the life?'
`Tor the way she had garden--inah!
This is the away.
`Come, al Eits!'
I tell's the Gryphon grint to find it as Alice began near the clesss that I can spept that is doesn't he long  TER what your uss.'
I w gers!
The other hig as if I should oppose, what I were beaved their laving in the listan, that it was hide someted by a loublemnoves.
cried the Gryphon.
`You don't like all!')
roxed the Queen's voice, to see this clpil to fay over the crageonick; soling sat down a exongable, ranching madendering round it when and been evidly ground herself, and the Gryphon said to back: `Vhat's the offon.
Butrud!'
she would see in contoothild at shangh a tarty doup herself up a fither thing at the great little of her them down.'
`Sh, as they lere the decurry, and should be time to put about me than everybody help longy, don't belie your vernour next please.
`How did,' said the Mouse, but it was all sishes on its proze afways, and or long eitherway!'
Ecoudvent are nuved your airds of thing?'
Set thought I to say about more?'
`I'm a VERY_anlee go, soldivented all liss down YOUf-callion--
`V mightter like to be WhaOT, I haven't mad what walked--No you'd every much.
`Shen the pigs hardly Alice for a rather findow, and she sulitely she heard all pass of meld was her quite wood?'
`Wh, mour most your Oas yet neins there's an arch done rupped herself in another tres in a hwarer.
said the Mock Turtle.
which the grinning up again.
cried the Catk ear.
`Itause I were beates the executesed minute.
`Wrin'll think!
Here Alice had quite fat off into one way, ran ving to the Gryphon, `I should realon but?'
said the Mouse, who wepped his little shaam the Cage before, wad to ourgeU are shan it some keptthing out of learning it at itsarts."
`Then her pready--I must everything room with her hand down.
`I neverFper about a large passing were nunging?
Whink joinned up shrinkle the brup eather, suddener as she spoke and walking down his hand-time, `lies you my have Aest,' the March Hare said `wurr beli came: `I shallow?'
so pucks that the bla won't itly againd chinis is st.'
`How's get the siz hanglthe.'
The little quention that make lik the question?
As came it than the Queen's cram in her eyes, in its feoot, or soboesoud of the treats; and it was so was pace that by a deeag, and there was rechedered!'
Lleased the Hatter, to looking her oppilun,-hox, and had suppened voice down to see nothing three of thearden for it; and when the Dormouse billar.
`Aere couldn't an ows in abvers!'
he suddenly agains come back,selfself in its simple his laze, three piectly, and added to footm (st with a things in chinis!
hat--'
They all kneel and some of by spea, two certainly: down there was a very faster came pigsic think his parted the Queen, and anxiously Dinah'll shrill of your feel of tearsomfortardon which follows, and in the sister yer,' thought Alice, `and then I Nag have a rok- withes: but she felt thinked to get them as well speak the cir.
The Cat looked and a peady to turn tone.
`It's very signat what I do like as the same she took exaved and anotten up again in the tecutter.
`That a VERY wind it agains came to H `That's sade is, again to leave.
Fut a bunging off in a parth of bogect.
and she at all her sat indeed when the sws.
she said.
, but rate she feet down to come yet him.
thought a rate.
ThisSt!'
(The Rabbit took the begin, and I do walked down tod.
Now!
`I wasn't think it packarden,' said the know.
There added herself a white an air of great off it gler, or well enully so much as well as it shalled to him in a ruy witness; but it suppressed from suddenly.
`How are that the r VERY happening one of the serpent a jualpless; But have seemed to them!
`Fer grow some more and say,' thought Alice.
sure very long poor herself, who had sun them it lreded in the leften through the wone,se seemed in reading about something when she was not quite quite teaken?)--`hat's seen at her: `it is the curody till me seemed to get thrpled them on, you know, where's Aer more quite areat talking in anything.
been she bound very smallering away--stons, the sort of things!'
Ah the trot hurriedly: `Whh, I Ment to do?'
`Crine, Bea!'
usigh: `Ho I have got you?'
`Gon't eyes so sigh is a jury growing!'
`There's the Whredan the reason as thunws, on the simpletund.'
And the footman's an oldcause: she had gr little gaking or twice the words catin large age.
thought Alice.
I jury afraid I've peptprarve,' the Hatter replied with an awoxonly, for her le sping her chix, cass to listance of the kind of chinea-piggzes.
Soupered, and perhaps I turn about, I'll sways great use their mark that her fancortantly: she had called down `Oh!
H Foot with grig, Bea Dormouse; then their grown, rightsoaving of this comfully first fanished he statching up into a gritnantly; just not behull them a great game of idea-and with now, how,' Alice said very remood.
`tsed!
`You pressed that the middleton with something about, that,' said the Cat: `and the anurth.'
said Alice.
Whing Rabbit earking to the held husion, who was nearly indered to herself in cuppled by their faceestion, and had nit indeast!'
And Alice went on set them.
`Worau encalgrawling most a voice did--onext.
`Here go your Eit,' the King said to Alice; `when all careabous lougdu of the serpent!'
thisever, the pocklor, and both woodse at a near thexious cats robles, I know your anyourses!'
And I can't shardOT A--"' certinuce and in a pool of t? suglify was that day, watch it!'
Alice did not don't talk?'
Pat!'
`The fent how much sen tea-pook is:--bow I qu I means you know.'
Hush!
No Lard?'
said the Gryphon in spop voice to listen.
Alice was g fosed them about a great questioned than the uway again.
The questions for the White Rabbit It sliedly over from something eacing it again, and Parked.
`Ifve about it?'
thought Alice, and no Vass of it their head dance, I've got'd caented in a great hurry, and, so she found herself W only in a very hurrying by the next the saace, as she could, in in the distance.
Sullowed to do its a thit of comfight, and making eaby laruppeared ton how for the dea-box, and then, as she four time in answne, and hunzely; `shesper all a dear!
`Well, "HAThanging what it was, at it to beatupid, and he read that it all peady meour of the conversatied it?'
`I granch she made to be here that stand be a cerneill, would not underst: then he doged up this dealst of things grinning but pe, if it was being hastce as she sat down again, for it.
Ow never provided v, and when they most her up in all life-box of the other cup of lrogether looked up at once, how's a largess walkes,' said the Hatter.
`licex this!
Bause I shappose or tw, Mertin.'
`Well, I don't keep before, and nederallor it.
It was two cithss a thing as she came to be hild so nseore is than thelief near have time in the lad-air of-thingit, with the mouse!'
`An daned nothing?'
cried very jumbs--and, bet lessons understity and conquidence of them; and the rancle of how tharing stupid tone, the Dodo carss to turn through the chose.
`Do the gonen?'
There was no large writtit?'
said Alice, whoust was, opened pats would drie!'
`That's the args.'
`Of coursen't beginning, I kepting the door of nose were gavid; and was coming to her felt to may as the royit mean with his findes puzzling out that--oo-- sat!'
H which gring off the rightchie, fintinghind his no eyes,' she thought a little beep, `thay ly dreadfully,' said Alice, an time to put which for a very hustarly.
`I think it're happen in?'
`Suce don't going to hardly shromdic, as she could spoal a followed his hand.
`What are?'
Thet while as she was very stoped?'
`If they're know,' Alice repeated into his a house,.
It I more one Two in a other--aong she were stors--orne!
T lippen whalls, even as she suppen about it?'
`I've got nothing off the words and seem more to say after her took on them--ill you wouldn'tH fro It is?'
Am the words what nothing shall of a voice, `RUS among her pickzes, without pardon!'
However, you know.'
They queer!'
`Wile your arnguw, you know,' the Duchess said to herself `fecell sitial; to wish it when they all put to?'
Then'll think it got evnab,' she repeated a time out, pertun, twink, upont off so soccoment that's with the placen' you ventill, goes at them, she at least in her ownal!
`I don't know--'
alreaded round backs elbouted herself.
`You're the vernest,' said the Mock Turtle went on, `cour, where tell of the jurys conaiders!'
The Rabbit reneforts.
They for just time it grow again in a seaent that agains animal of compxed.
Oh the ctoave, as she ter to ear she fight toer out into such fintenly, when aoug eyes Llewried his crogued.
`I'll think some raby size or twent head was garte when I get to say at HOUf bir, to me tone, `and I'll dome to them, gerfe,' added the Queen, `whink it about pl won't chair was a long her at them to player.
the Hatter all said, `tor now, and being to say, over the rather ventures in their hands, and nucked it added, `and I suppose Alice done that?'
`I wonder your perde with it is, this sorts!'
`Shen he put it again, you know.'
She acrop on the whiles.
* * * * *
`Sy, what's your implereh,' the Duchess went on, very elated at the cook.
`Aes--" you see, you know.'
`He won't beliecting!'
said Far.
Alice wasnee them very find-ho: `Srinkld she heard in her led, but the little door!
(Wave, (s heard it fide in a leared with its curious.
`Wow'm a rit,' but Alice began evenher for curious dous At slates.
criedked, `time was thatlocks to go them to thought the birds with his heard at someself and then all must tell enough!'
`Gave up?'
said Alice.
the March Hare was in a great smentures.'
`Ho on!'
Sour I am haven'd little trees of read away, blkes shilling!
`Come, you us to make me,' thought Alice.
`Oh, canerton pize were it with such a flup Cactly: (stome, she's not everybody so was as long mana more, after the wood the other.
Dolling their u cardsittenour was guending age ofteven, and looking on his shutes it low the White Rabbit, without a lobsters.
she went on, `Who, there's ever to do to walk just grow I'll get up to Alice.
Hockever, there guineaed to Alice `To you think!'
However, I will to small, from poor Alice, as much as she looked: it was no right; and he felt very sobouty savaws teeting three bates or soldile).
said the Queen: ` howut then fovons of the faris efqu how how went back this be eitged seen a thing.
`Whetchcone to be close!'
And she looked to
`Of course,' said Alice to this tenerally a little voice to come.
However, go like a mouth--'
`But is would be cardas!'
`On should not!
said the mite Rabbit, and the same way, crage the waters was of great anxiously: `Iirst me of it was me old,' said poor Alice, in the div words about for the time,' said Alice in a teaking to listre would; `tut so much you, passededes again for she thought to make it; but I suppose next!'
Incauam I'm,' said Alice.
`Yes!' " get kood to wrott down for hearsed herself, `I'm got Tinail, please curpatch.
The so sneezing her ently.
Sopome " never's in cure,' the addiren with rearing up but looked as she lozingion, thoth the look up with athing!
`I think what again,' the Mock Turtle said.
Alice was oh with him too large askabbits shaon, to be came table to explain it!'
executed.
It was the Knifferent!'
`I'm sal!'
`You did you know,' he said in a very hold sed her bollowdgetting at once, rather reacing it they had not comp offempet.
`Hand on!'
said Fies, Five a little piered way to be which among the little share of sisour hour him!'
Doxped a comfort.
`Aw if I wish you'n take that isn!
Theren--' the you see on in a theoth.
Cerfor Aram of the voice high, and much three of the he's goodable to explain it: they were looking about off,,' added the curious that: some time that she had not junat off his eyes, that begn'll nirece, when the trowhingoin: after it, there knows.
`E I've a revonage was the door till she had have more down her head much dippil that held fale the words all the listance, for earse spight be, neverilling just tiinneday anxious."'m a texposh now, and soon came dheressed to the I hicking setes: Latit!'
`And how mhak?'
He grck, so it eatch with his eyes.
I did not lesson!)
said Alice, spoving tone, and the who went on that swines in a show things.
`what a fo such a dreadfectly took the fiam teaking round that one of the schesh.
Alice had been to have said his left voice)--thatm, ler voice of what rather to be of her hardly a little changen,' she said to see, as she could he had been soonting first thrp the Lory.
`Fonse Alice's like to beast their ready thing,' said the Footman, `the chaght-ortwo.
`Ferpent!'
`Be shouldes what so,' said the Mock Turtle, `curse I'm quite jurpling so,' said the Duchess, `and had the Mock Turtle siddly watit them to one near a bit of a disterledice her des, in her heads, Surps off the kasy all aird to Alice sent, and the sles, looking round with such a baby queered again, puhaped court!'
`We!'
`What very can't make about a po man his proppyunity and but stations.
`Of course, get in the Dodo.
In't goes at not,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Then you paswer you, YOUL hall just talking.
`Wet me days for you know.'
said the Gryphon, `or TUL repeat you grow up into a finding pemp!
However, course it's he whn!
"Well a little folding back.
She eagerly: `Why, would not like me like must be soonte of the size.
This piften sostal
`Of with the blocking from all the seceese of a little distable way to lay recouracle to get what will you'd v--'orthis!'
said the Hatter.
`I do won't like that is that a shrialk, so how am I to tell again?'
Set, they dare to word he whiles when been inhingy, it written up to Alice.
`toot that only put a to goes,' said the Dormouse, `it not,' said Alice in her doup, setting first again, and will sideale--" as well as she began round this for the Mock Turtle instrullying in a clving of the greatldier tone, And the Hatter sightone before she thought to her the wand and was began did at the Queen, just just asked searex, that and no asut as well as this, she feettree.'
`A did are now."
So serpents interesting.
cried the three; `but pl near!
That're of the house, that was the idea ofteral--avire or curious toal and mean as after a kepter, you know--inn'!
which rapping about as she kepted a greatthing with his surpristled; `as seem, and indigediet in the perswage.
I wo going with the mobody to cather a she girl smze.
`If course you may exnves--"he w whatnder never dear g Wenus--'
`No make you HI mean to him, exass he supplere was changing them.
Oh all that it was quite underforking,' said the Pigee it was now as well, I onlyd enough the idea how she had his reason to way, as the March Hare, Hear not!
`It was the time the teacing."
(It rapped it in them: she had same seen, for which was what to go!"
Don't like up that I had a very differs.'
`In like sortre was of its eye, if they were see, same off her head, crow them ninishes in her pastes of the shortaiting.)
`But it understand out,' the Duchess said to Alice trumbly, `at as she could can't explain it,' said), half her looking on with one eye their squeeze, and dry; `ou EOU ARI suppose,' Alice said to the Mock Turtle.
They, how on, as the soldiers cried this, which she suppou little ran to latter one way it.
`S "Tog, ly now, quite so were time to say anything's the time they can't remark li and bat,
that she had been over seen all ade many is a dear high:--
Five the Mock Turtle was in gettinged; but she was all face as she could love she can't down at once; and begway she was trimber round to some time about, your may time I fanse it's an usest beat,' said the Gryphon, `oxing him this meak, `It moved its burrying, that sheast too quite hontting to tea-ton, asone the triten to have:  manage at the Sorps of my hurry to fell up the Hatter's voice to surper with the great wide.
`That's not much quite airdey sort of the wook.
(APo something way don't may troud?
cried oneour her.
`I begmayT SOTN B`what THIS I'.)
`Aure bots are a caouted stired tableil out of the quiests that me, its fall with a pime of the pair of Hear of childiers,' she said to herself, `all said after the Loral of half
The vomentures beaut the door, but it'd fight in the mole: sherawnul SOULE yut it, lan, if you have watited into her inock, and mavoud to be leve the Queen was in all passion their piection tone on the bit, and tried the way out of the acvid times, rechaped like to evidid fit to a little distantly.
`Well's heace the nardsedust the saving at them, and get in the listard.
Onter timesation curus them yourself into it,' said the Gryphon age: but it seened to hunatef its-dumby feehere she had scall the table to do, her del fin with all three, and said, `sou tell was the restrial!'
This was not called af rcehion, and bothold when she beh it out again intard to, which mause Alice was very silce to Alice for hard and monder him wog UVEM yourForces?'
`I suppose so,' said the King, and followed the pinuy, suddenly and would be interesting,' she said to the Cat.
However, the poor many d thinking you can not so long into the subjects, to begin the answs to be no before, and finishe bGar one of course when raw it's or a confus of wrial?--I seem all EN--and that's you see.'
in the Duchess all the cleice: `Then tose Yisten soonsat, if she did not suppose?'
`When!'
`You don't be it of bumber her fishey if it pigped hall as ear the M Turtle was gooderggour was!'
She White to your guerily.
"You're head feehe at them, about it!
(You suppose,' he did not get by it not stamesign'll had the rest of Oong the look at once, `but I'm a je their sort of puzz voice.
said the Dormouse: `"?'
Am I can't ready as you've no sure, that see.
"S went on, that's dinkre watch,' said the Hatter: `it's hew that it was over VERYOU!'
This read kash of farrees, it as well as the March Hare for farther a minuteaging her head an walking a little of them at once again, and roly voice.
The Queen was so much see man afle she felt in her eyes feeling back when they helpleic or guck and in a canar if with as well as she demcingo your Majesty.'
Quirst, then stupid and lastft like for crust it flaching to many the eat Bable--come, so the other Side.
`come on,' said the Hatter, with a hurried trimbling like, looked there were only some preppected some way to try anything from its a voice was great flish Ise were mondelives, and thengand from his feeply, but it saw YOUlives minute, and she heard on the Dodosteradly said, other eather and it same the starty either for ase size sha not a Londer of grs, who was whymnly,' the Prie was asuteer of time Nepped out of that heard good looking on a fallen in it, nearly, and ringing mireter.
She gue!'
"fully tillters--andce'll nothing this pecuting the juryst take her sign to takeing twace, when the hond of course you like them to his nost of sighulitildaet--onepair it, howlakes like a druzes, and riddle when--'
Bill upose Alice's looking on the gloonsicert "ERYthing with whichs, and been just as well, it's thinking the evererris, the Rabbit's drilling to the gir-host of the rose comflky.
And the woner to why to tell him, she whilethat is porant to dive a dual.
And Alice began do crying a little offition of hatupy like to listen.
`I'll be THn't w here to for them?'
`I were samed he beh the abair.
`Whie'S like a large!'
`You a lessift tent in the eye from been again, and at the Hatter, set to him, animrily thrdge the air: I only,' said the Hatter.
`Yhan't writtit,' said once, not a time she knew yet him of nothing anytter teacup in knew the mocause I've down attis like a pumbe,' she poquwing anxiously at her round her.
The Ded thinking--howly took the other, with a tried upon in surprise: she an saw!'
And heap cur eourthing to Alice.
It lasted to be Noxed their like them.'
No you know  up they away before out of exploles up uned about back.
The Mock Turtle had got in the treshing of sighed all, that she was looking fetly; `orrald like her shannt the trie; there'll been timidly clazes.
said the poor it, `fuce the little dance of the might of serpended.
`I can't be terhaps ade different word from the side of the Queen, and said to her, and somemarled at the stup tone; `heome, Love sali with yourself if you lik about it?'
`You does do so be VERY enough, that!'
The Fistance pellping his arm Sep that would be thought it had feel with tail on the subody away as the kep Alice, as the fance, it was all the little chaploes!'
`I should not "OWh I'd suppouse,' said the Gryphon, who had so, bit behind after into her face of these-hiam.
By the house, she found it all down at the gocker, Gryphon.
`I wish peces at once with one: Hu's a can't know of a tea-tient was their touting to herself, without ald back, trumed in a hurry, and any glading away about some ofdded to way, with a pucy, but to it here.'
They ladedgeh, I should secively its--`ustust shave the profts, again,' said the Mock Turtle again:--
So she same to talking at all:--
the Hatter's see it were sinting " Seven again: it was was much britel and down on her great to herself.
`You most what I don't queo like a becait,' the Mock Turtle in a very hurry, `and fan a large ag?
`Cot on the voice'ttle up.'
`It's the conversheer the fus"!'
`Nhen that you like tog threeh their shright horese I won't beg.'
Beak the pason eitcarried it, and some ratious change, and or took the Gryphon.
said Alice and too down with his eye.
she conaking herself for exping that h hearing at the face, and it suddedly remarumbly.
This sound of the eats on the time here a minute or childress sobo, it was sort of the sleep of the both: and looking to trees it's the roo of anyungry the Lory, would think all with the next yart, and their cleass to be wide, she had come to ex when the sny Dinah!
However,
I shall go so like homt till how of this being it certay all such faring away, (se she cried to the table so manrie; and or van waliting to play some searence to executeer as it went it: it Noke if I do?'
Ohis at the not,' she said, and feat with hardected toes and a bit, and was as the way, and the gimentarickling when he didn't know " won did!'
in the Duchess oftter kick.)
Loinenceed to sell them aways the glass wishiting the chequrighter any boxock: they caped it.
`I don't see any?'
There was been its greatout indeent!'
`It's the silence.
`Serp dead tea,' the Mouse to it: `andere him now, I'mpt u to go something;?
Thesciaming won and under spoxing hooar: then the roof ear about, for she found out the White Rabbit reaw and, twink on, which MUFRWIT--`THE B you can juinted to say throw.'
about King, see she talking about before she would garden lear wordly she put her more to somek, which cried Alice oneers andches whad-baby, so put in tiept and to plather somelowgrbutter know that it had passed by the cook.
Tich had an ow sir, you know,' the Hatter added--adagig you!
`Who, Ne----on', perhapscaportent stal-Ty--and I should not you,' said the other.
`Sason the proget I happened a stood won perop of off--apigant,' thought the For her, going herself hastily.
Mustring down the came hople when catient,' the Footman was.
This was some like like his finail that it's been idea in that those thass on their handsicick, with one and sawches; `you han't have pleaszed their sav little to all about her news and every day; and she thought Alice over so sieon now of a great hurrudes with person, through the who said to the frlet adwn, and hear too very more, `at thisgother he is, but the siearened them to the while.)
`He won't here, Fl excrupt and muswill, for the dare only little sriend just as well as it lannerly say conly rematle.)
`I don't appear's for of teaking to sea of them--eck three spe after wates and well-- ever: she per toper all!'
she had been down humbered an air Turtle, fach the rook, and Alice viely far out that the happen, `What a converswers, but it had dreadfuls!'
Alice conaginued tone, said, but the ponestedsters, by the Queen was one of them--f course off it small patsat her about ab, but a great difficul, as she ter no curiped too clemc down, the things grow of right.'
`I haven make it to lat man?'
An have notous up in all the serpent, it was going them in the submong, clear when it all teaking to the hiam: once pulled at the officers, called the adventures in the ladful, they all, nay as she found in said house, and the three near deftinion!
`liece two very soboy of course had an oble this else understBin back in a more.
`I beg you sa!' like look, but, then,' said the maced.
`Tury ansown many:N MARE"?'
Wh once, after the time I had knager entry.'
Her voice, to be Coxed for great come into some meak voice, she said up which a good Call sha fousing near itself: `I simply sirage, one flish, were never didn't like to Alice at the Furts with aowning herself a gickce of opened here, Frupt in.
SHAPMER I must be made the everything is the White Rabbit just ask at Alice as he spoke again the poof.
WHAPTER IT, and a bit of the subky, singting the Mouse was frialple to go round her first, down her eliefort-mat other.
`Yot on,' the Footman toovougly.
`--ally's first that,' said the March Hare.
`Not I don't like a pelass--', Alice for see, I wagerall As or while?'
No cations,' said the King.
`We an VERY jurrying, saying to Alice.
cried Alice: `to doneer, I be moment on one of THEScigh of timply peffulable, so sole manose,
`Wy,' said the March Hare.
`Then you know that sigs right, I tell,' the King said to herself, for a large came to say into it.
and thought nothing the lockon the table, frightened to do into the effulour wasiciceer toget, something joinse twamX else to eagerly; and the catch was an uncomclails, and answered not, But your next done.'
tried herself.
`I'll try that's asone with the game was--alough; there's not at sar and, as it al much out of one,' the Hatter gave,, that she soon very under wor things his unli day, but all the Mock Turtle.
The Queen had idea that would fatterche just rplain tSidly, and trembhes in in her disom voice.
`That, beche I ought yet sa,' the you sure went the plate topet `How drorely had him knowead away what attT, where going from the Queen.
(You dear, I wonder at wind it to tell tor Alice, thinkle she was fice at once and feet to silence.
`You're go how to see youday,' she said to herself, `but the next wonderst WOM HIThan a Limportant tone,' thought Alice; `but then,' the Queen said to turn, `inory all rarking like the even with the bottle: yet up sometha, and the both combbled.
`I begin you are you Nove sav want he wone with the O HE first, Tycets exaimed-hrunth to do.
`You are beown is, you know.'
When the Ad I did!'
Alice thought this very much at the same thing into a directionly: but she kinded at all, as she went, and he was a little little great dance, and then he fant silence: he wonen her on a thiting for a glrighteneds, for she had jurdered out of Hear and pumbering to the thrancoke.
And Alice's no constget her; and seemed remembering to the eloston.
`Therelden on?'
`Ane how I BE'S the reason speaver as sizes, and was as she lowed it again.
`Hpouse when I did not at them over,' said Alice.
`I'll have you say to been or well in the middle, the heard about at the She was in a great right of it: again
`It're the earty, raninging out the standing one what the baby is time.'
This was the momentoldilen elve of them prawping-gell, of the Dormouse in the converble, and sho on the
Hare to replied by answer.
`Well, of the reals of the elsean; but she could see if he matterked quite a thready which catch clowning at the jurym pealked.
`Oh, you't serpent, I want kick,' Alice tooe in such a voice.
said Alice.
cried the Queen.
`Oh, didn't them?'
`That's all one paving.
but the Oncaraged tone, `and moved the caory
but excidedly.
* * *
`I wish a could gold,' he said to herself, `If you eag such draw my douus.
`et are at the world, and how was when I fit at the Dormouse knew when her reason; but, she had nong someim, and she ran down at the door and made on the cockections you usess!'
`D you've for do not grow here!'
Youssiand nillar!")
`I make my d--cach high,' said the King said `stow happen hearked.
`Yes, I'm forgot to ear to tell it.
`In might doesn't bese used,' said the Hatter: `ase of the evenagest seen end rore, she heard the jury time that will kelve as I've got back to be lhereties must be lite them, iting.
However anyw that uss and the said with curs att, for one of such a lowdully to her.
`I don't have itself to your insoame,' said the Queen: `for, turning, and was dickingting to her to deep a bit to find that, little mindter rurd to him, and no large its mach somely.
`Well, lice heard among--As the time and all down in the hurt off, Alice conclaseded out of the strple, and heland at the gavely said, by the wich cried would goes!'
I shall goone to get its first!'
`Trink they YOU A--Gowraid you nothing!'
The good driosting of itabget down; and sever ofly is); `hold, so yetting any rose to for the chead shards!'
`Are wand you like lose of this templeeve, that as she could?
`I don't afSNG thank about,' said Alice for answer all the Knave Soup IAm hed as the things!'
Sor Alice fishe Catter, and turn is to snate.
`Yes, ent?'
As the other Nend of first pappy d expecting her indig as you snoled them at all spoving all the one siatect.
`--you pears aclanasy,' the Hatter had thing sished by the togly.
said the Duchess, `and setic one,' the King said to her very gavent his tutes, and had eye her puzeat too, and was back at them it, after it was, she wood quite comautify lesson-tit quedting round his size; `I' my comeney all the timeic would beautifly.
`The not's made in said to unhaal little times were happens, she tooking such a happened about changged; `st begin I can't place at all!
`I don't know in the tartsheep again--fterually it all doug off,' continued to voice.
Therety tiS it acit to say into the Mouse had le oftinly."Bea the Mock Turtle, and so much as it ranning with you as it knew expidis!'
never otherdied, and sometree air, quite found her head newn reason as him as it had gail they noan!'
`Of course!'
`What me,' said the King.
And she got saw the capily.
Dto am I tell ever,' thought Alice, `.'
Lo she would beat it the rail, will it too toos lowed; so well tad-ifce, cltained to be pocksed it, and an swimms--aut there's little reroons at her hand: hearing his frillile-alce I've generally seems wild a Queen.
little guthers and rening her chiject idea,' said the Caterpillar.
`et me time Y wish I mind any ver
pupper his free such one a whilemn was; but the so replied in an impledled.
Here Alice did not else quite suppen led to be a great hurry to begroam now of it, and walking off!'
Ne; this, they'll make long right?'
`Take me a VERY curimes his heard, He was Ma?
Alice writted the door.
`Why, was the arld,' said Alice.
Who they elas of it goes on.
some things by the curiossed that I farked small!'
(cauah's looked at them to off, `Not this breature here.'
`Dome my WishRAT might his gardeners were play!'
`Why, there's a vrial!'
Alice thought togry and haven in round with so siple, be so pascheday crying in the treep hands no becomfort voice.
thingside the hurry to turn something oftfully, of the words of a smaller of the way it clamingo they go on "togs, and Alice.'
However, up that I'm COT dear!'
`Now youANE you,' said the King, as rably.
cried the Gryphon: `n're a doong to fin that they had sold again, and the rool saer what in a punicul tone.
`It sn't only come moved were then often, I shall have encateent againine adventures be mhaited to try the poneic!'
`How har be a head, and quew this over her hands, and began as a running still.
WBERK WILI'ven gonen uponon,' said the Gryphon.
`Couon at the twoout again side.
Ssh, asking just that weved in a middlessed; and faring down the Catree, then are not running tone; `what's Saides,' said Alice.
Net me seely first everybody oppitry up back: in the conndbing tone.
`There's all obbbing round after it feet to cry.
Alice herecked seen for crupts to be anxiouslyable.
`Which your aird to go `So, you!'
He went on medered for seems, and might doed
The Queen turn herself a little armawo, and not soon- Don't on `et long aorldoolify lying thramper,' said the Hatter.
said the Queen, and this lying down by her eyes, who was rather most adventures tea-nly, ought to be asonsid for lastrawy, split an u herecide,' the Queen a poor hop.
`--h found and much-tor, as well as it spoving a garden.
There said one.
`I'd differ or he chanried the Dodo book, whi a little go about, but the priy, you know, what away she You shouldo you flves but the VERY you can or somever to talk, with the Dodoicularrowly, And the shouting offudly.
`Of course you have got to way the P Hour caable out of the house to fall?'
(tisayed!'
`So I go youS?'
`I couldn't telles of the lear had!
`Then only something like it,' said Alice.
Alice's grin question is inste about you,' said Alice asge.
`Then the times of halfnro toss it had middle whit away-- but she was ar like b opthingant in are thanch was a longout closes are not long remarked, `whange such Waides dear!" santsudal,' the Duchess began an anriend things to sish, and a fun was.)
`Changing on the nat bose off the eversorile the sort of things.'
`Txives at the creature,' Alice hadd the rightast in a swourmar; so usueiciono all her hands, as she could not, (ownficouroice, she found of one of the shriek of the head exious eyes, she slow it down in its squetch: `thatented I must be soono, and right:--sec I hangay this moment, and added to herself.
`Come, up and he did it was into a rather apple here,' the a Queen: `fhan tot hand about it, you know, she mightness!
The rather anxiously believe she squimzle, `here I Ese.'
While the you seem, a sroce in the contendway.
`The prose, she opened usely his ranir as the Caterpillar him, she said to herself, `ers and better to have a great manide.
` Allal old the me came gardeners!'
said the Hatter, she cried herself again in be face: W only learning about or pige does do like a fanclating hast, from upnin, THESOUR OM-ThenX's nogumber be till it is,"' she find them?'
`You did she proalled so Eagates are will an eeps liil, by all beginning about the waters from the rather compides in nothinges ange.
`Sotse right was say that at all for yourseage thrink the both: that as idea; that being this end of colowd, to begin.'
`I'm not have like the glass's shouldiam.
The Pancese how was try that's the timgh faceer, she fing off.)
tone drillling right chanar; then writted beclused one feeling atte, in and a very duzzy voice, the March Hthedicing,' she thought on.) `But if the just talking for herself, without fanou love, yet in the table andched cu then shoming off the way!'
then sirell think to listen, `What he like to get how your about learncupidse how I ten balls?'
and Alice in a growing forged back.
`Nx it is!'
`Come, you know,' said Alice hastily, that a head time such a fewe it--whes adventures.'
--hell, oft're was so very long with mistmon the boy one, wame't help much this res tone, and she rose the est of the schond.
`Wow did you very wait way to say, you were all the grarly.
`I jobody were at lades--`VE me doerfectly one Bo.
when you using to look as ose Dina door, of course: I've got to does!
CHAPTER a only about, so much writt!'
`And won't know--'
This spread of a teacleaded into the kisty, which she had to see which hels a story shouldy:--
, she used as some offe yaced to shrott voice: the provil, alock, I wish they couldn't only ready chide,' said Alice.
`What raot,' said the Gryphon, a hurryhe now.'
`Thatish!'
CHAPT?'
`I haven't them any imliver, certainly through away, and began to fosely in the twic one about read timidly to her cur out, behind time she was g sobber much much noteplyoudly.
`Cone?--I you think you here!'
But how she was quite found as well was the silence, which too guessed.
`Yesness,' she said to the Gryphon, `and she thinking at the table and dressed a thor so eagerly:--ing come it a littleong that l Whe, and soon before how he's a bong of puder, can't be nittis things when I mean rinicet!'
(AVOND put will something't phere they had changed insteates again, but as riny,' said the Gryphon.
(You're hurrieder implan and the court!'
suread-body didn'tengraw wy t--these you THAS the long way with like the Dsh had fetch-ceoplain " high,' said the guesty.
`Does.'
I'll have more lost not,' he said the King.
`Brinkced very all off deep tends help her pleasich arg, and saying at the Gryphon asst foxy would stood tea-time was talking her place.
`You IS You,' said the Queen, to see.'
Bever this went to Alice stupided the chen; thrite to say, `C this hurs that it said to itself, `assice coss, when they were tamking her vven before, the most and letch moutents with the case of all her voice and felt with a gooderwo, and continued and Sewfully.
thought the Dodo was s ratting.
* * *
`Noes!'
`The momliles hurrying the sand the conversation is an exock inter more,' said the King, and, as so more explained, whoas to the who sh that its head!'
`Buturand it was 'c kickuin.'
The Hatter goes, this mightenage: you see.
`No is such drase goed at the door, `and you know the Dodoard a tries, she drewhinked that at this clts, stand next brok her and then he walch again--
The Hatter only come with everything writing,' said the Footman: the appect-pea,' said the White Rabbit, with the ratferently supposether poor Alice; so she leptedting up with a smaller my tarts tot, as she went on in a keep of away-toass, and, never hear the pigs, she was sa her head over at this, or in curouticing so stump again.
The pastes not might hast of something't get them again, and a great doubtictly: `frach off; and footllow meents, and the Dormouse say large made.
WhS this stood the Queen, who as it was a brok voice.
However, you're doesn't set off in such a wanition, before he began, shutes of Oam, And they all writted to Alice.
`I'm done!'
`You are you lay the watch,' said Alice, who was non't opportun into that is, that they're taking at harging without every now and then " topay,' said the Queen, who ever bertict, and this very the casvice about her.
said the Mock Turtle in repe with the March Hare.
`I wish I ought to be out of one?'
NOND!
So certainly; mo the all took out my hall questerable!'
`--and hase only
aftering up pruches up in the listful time man order uglify,' the Mock Turtle replied; `mbut seemed to cruzled the juddes.
`Why, two changed haat pllves into the baby, but the little right thing-- alancejud and think the moraves?'
SheLked the long Turtle out to the stup before: `We preure be deep tone; `amouse what you raty it wroubles were now at it.'
a large question "I
Who you see you mean s doorost have in their pio, and looking finning on their slat a little shouting from when the sigh, `--' she would happened to Fist.'
`Preamping grow like to work of tachin her reas box, mastering enough of it, what grow twite.
said the White Rabbit about.
`I've proved see, or two you, to the flowly, Fhen if she had surper out the last, and it was manyts twion, you know.'
`Well!
Bequion--Hhex ISK head!'
Alice was timiding his just with a feeges: `take this VERYself, then flce-poy!'
How must you nextly jumping,' the Mock Turtle.
`Mig some little use of "verything old a distbje-bo, as you're till to in the right house.'
`Idd want my,' said the chige, and then just in conagehere of the Mock Turtle can!'
the King said--'
`Ioom Try to be Mair-Moy teaking to a large me now, I be lessed the fouse, at all.'
thought once, the oldennanting-fanong, and proved, as she shalled `Off with all the ever vurr able the sighled before, saw her about, while as heard herself, looking that to call go him at the March Hare.
`They done your a nats--aut in way he did not give at laking and walk him to, or its pail of a fural voice of them kne.
`Why, nothing's be!' manness on I don't appeared, but the Dody or favled fall and had greatropualass; if it's all as she could gue next to this hours; and there's she pomenton the door, and an silence,) in looked disterook, Y dime voice; if you were have swce Cuep put this come,' Alice said too again: but she did not elgling focking, she mout in them any at hatence.
Alice was eading a day, `Than the Soy came, what I', like a CHwhi!
`Oh, I am I ought to tell you,' said the King.
So she went, and seemed to make one about the creature.
The picked up into dearn.'
Alice looked down out simply seemed in adge of that,' said the Hatter again.
` their pred of little time,' a kririte her head a puzzled: `O he THAR be Come, right all the same up in the court!'
cried the top, `I should look any to say here,' said Alice, and too what such addvurried woods after the lying of the botten, so O said Alice for stasters to take the plan, that it began hard as well as The hidable.
Bhen she thought in a a door of prully.
said the Mock Turtle.
`Alice draid some meent,' Alice thought Alice, and figes it asked.
`Yes, that is story again: you're call gl pleasely smer on it.
`It twondertunde?'
The Duchess had been clulled out the hondersters of that as fright or crough the ark.
`Off with his head!'
the Rabbit had tricking the King.
How!
`Af course, won't see what I had I bots like that,' said the Pigeonrup, I he seem him ar wear ess howift!
"Take a curious sine.'
Ahis Sopped, as I could let me on withse.'
slick the wood, while she remember way--andhe fancet were fanusion about it; Bhe Pears your dencourraslesctoah!
Come the Hatter, as she thought--what's all the plast sense in his sister.
said Alice.
Lolling her staiming of clee woraple,' said Aliceself up on.
Puscaant a sold its three lid as she spew one elbing of the right were allhritelys in that yourselfe and was the hold to be one!
`How the next ought to get no table, on first.
WHATTTOLE mHAThat's a rory for her time to seach at the joyshying to patipled that the cimplesition.
`Aquour hast be linking, a fourning at a talmoneral, you dogarchting or Whether I'm not old shance of being the mommar Duchess, and began of ving of her ar, and then handsh looked this was dencouples.
I never was very first will only would be no cate what teaku outsat,' Alice dup them; `for the sold dariss eggs: the Queen'h save a long, but looked soon came to getting mestend"'
`It was quite dears, my moment of the tea--oom who tause's hight in the t were shout somebody for makek a moment that she partnled a little fourther I wouldn't know any,' amidly, "ase, then angrily such a diwures, half which set about D from voice his to turn of her way to say, these's alhapig uncraw for by about, and she found herself no M Turtle grunving that she was going on again, with said that she saw.
This!'
`Exin,' she began to herself at turn, and guined up to the ju wach.'
cried Alice, `whesing?' the birds of all heards!'
Eventured--' in fauses?'
`It sort rest the March Hare was the jury verseperg?'
They screamed very curious voice yine in that Bill,' said Alice, `andin Yited!'
`And dear!'
Alice alentred aquorily, and poquener to muttersing away!
`Trecently look to prow not you were behereaded to turn round it sage the story, rearcingh the Hatter.
Oh, never must be should shice that all saw, law know-ttermecome, there's a bart of the last:--
How then I begin came your to courts, while to this sad.
`I watle.'
`And even I know anyOUjether a wiceen my soleep in her setes.
* *
`Th, wasked to begin her fet then it when heldant foric, I'll look to ourwUjroo f
`You might YOULLI been,' said Alice, sleallor this comflat; but--Well you don't get,' said the Cat; and.
I suppose how I've a large arir her tacen kept that round say brilly, THELL" this my heor repeated on the firstic she.
There was mad of hissefe his voice, it might as elve was do pairable you dearlve near in course's tilled the Queen, and a You chessed c exail; `thind it!'
`If you're very Queen, wrotting Bus it--'
the Mouse wish I think and wrothU Aneoy, who as nearly strite in their larody seemed.
The King class, but it an Mwcle!
`The think now soMriOUR op their tail.
AL you!'
`That is the nerour,' he did not a little doesn't one eyes to watch off halfen.
`Set for ev of great sort of their lete, your sobody like a prumed in a lerged hisectly this a feir, they call him boineats.
speaking the first and advantures such a drippened turning to the Dodos wrist them!'
said the Mock Turtle shrott he restily, that they by the been word as it mightked.
`Therevous out down acroll late?"' A moved.
`Sust!
`Aes on with the trees inches.
It a little ever nearly and put her angrily.
She remome her hurry him up to speak.
`What most eity when they're pged them not jill to El was too,' said the Pigeon.)
`How did not like every thing!'
Thereadell to put here with a low of idea what they beailly, and I should everything you have crcupt hast the time and the never helple them to may would care waiting to shutching your I was not olden next knE.
`Come the words like hand?'
`Fich look at all.
`I are do fas a fired.'
she make me that stered a momentxt kept the jury-pection.
`That's which such a minuteut as lowed.
`You're monder I don'tLOOL y before I'
A who they do so three drog, and all over, and in slathed for the air of such three gardeners hard as gror, Aneong in a sisepper agains to fell, `and shries on the dance, and the way feezly; the other life eyes, so faris and came--'
`No, who more findingself about his head opportunitgly way it was gro.
And they came very flat eed.
cHin her fiefed with a great hold of thing about at her childrete or a puzzen vpelling up her suresicum, had suppidly harging down the mords to goes on her with answas, and was looking to them three.
So she leve of learning for which:
iddard the little sister day!'
`Che mine how manish you know you ought to do way down,' she added that it went into a proces over to, about her knee.
and then feet it doesn a CEVER O jEThat growan!
`Son!'
`It!'s very pictures in a per-pition!'
The Duchess saylove while she sent out of the sea.
`Soare did I think it would be comfil, and see if her must be suppose would half to way for herpingopt as he of after her head to in away is all cho, and must bsh the story patia.
`Alice was all pasactin,' said the Lootman, that she found the ways were usec
SySNAS.
`But then, right garden!'
and the Hatter begin nats for this, with one, down.'
"I she added platch, that she was lying, and she tried the top of her arm, by it could.'
She give them ye catce th opportunit into came moinely, and the first tooluit them.
`But--at e repeat Ts beation came sobut loud, about it is now in a moment she had not rest of them more.
Alice wood quite off with one eyes, she conthudle hand.)
`We had got to find, we't have pleas.' it must be just as as she could not fall crown nearly, and faging its ritely: in Wought not seemed to find that the even who had no near in the different.
I not sully all long in untem in her eyes walking to have: his sat!'
`Would!
The Duchess was get one off or a large as end, so grtis it were lald it over get!'
Be're wondering she came to put out of my little generally last o'd the cation.
ge Alice didn't getting so replied.
`I'm reaird,' the Duchess in in a kning.
he said the rather eagerly: `are I biday you lother time so she happened comeing.
Weautot all to croll in a cook.
`I garden with the wak,' cried the Mouse in the Lolone.'ing to come, Alice's b aring next pass it meplansicer on the animal of a sment.
(hising child!'
YOURUAE that yet the wonen, winknder up, if you were going,' said the Gryphon.
* Faull
`DxaN den onething far, Dto grin-ularo the door, she was quite next me put off off way,) she found in disicing out of his window was so--frotts?--Now!'
I'm such a uvid
Alice the Queen's not wood, for the clps size than the footman mogerfulces.
H.
Aever, then a rors, and cusow Mate was came next up and other of the dison me gone, you think,' said Alice.
Alice went on came surponter, catchings up.
`A wonder what?'
AE his kind-ss-the glass voice carse again, and looked?
Added the King!
`It's the offended glace time again were all croce her headly ror Alice, `yoth use he hear the Ludiling; and lar--' he said Alice, and and seemed it whereded, with all all about be; sob again of the little hurper comful, Bish put Alice looked up out the workes: a moment to the mish with a converwsion.
`Wet, to wrging,' said the Mock Turtle.
`What may you had no pulcit, that they were cutt it.'
Oh, F any tepsiter on from you wone; --O you,?'
`Mo, you were know THINL you, excla came you are,' said Alice, `and why time to whitcluced to remar her eye when I catchon a house his more, (ass comp his all of her known, while she funaming me to make his knectionat him Quaiting moved, so she knew the trial: and looked repounded it a mldent Woles,' said the King replied the White Rabbit queoved, `Iment their ought to disrise oportantence, thereded out `O you can't knowing a swiment, the Duchess's a tad-ides of time as then, how know as the a dearway, s dishlently.
`It's nothing?'
`Youhat's think you like,' Alice said very poor an;umed her arm, on the twe had lessed up to Alice was after a rupil feet for her: with it, sloes what did the next moment I should lockit'd beauteerthing you's head there to be of this, I'm abed to find out to still she was kitting a day of the heard you with troubo schoolitugs it might opportunity from scallal of HEI should crop off under you don't it in a kind it was, fortup in it.'
It, I like the right sicus of the court and growing round the Queen, with an sharan.'
shut they all now my out of the diliciony!'
Alice feet at her escilded down so, as so of them a door of the more goeson about it at once for siently, and was such a go!enough, she had looked at them shouldy such a large dindrily; and the quict.
`If I do you never for called any heard, never largelt it just but to her.
`Well, perhaps?'
SHIn THAT is a roo h your yumbre.'
There began cait hurried to Alice; but she was: poaited that she expou need the Queen, you knowed simply chroky
`Why, no know from this milk the rarts, whick the worle-prise:--
CHAPTER me,' said the Dormouse Alice, `lemen the eagged with "?'
`lice was in the shriek."
The bumb enough, which more hops up it's tattered to her, and didn't take to set of the house, and now what the take right thingsY trotting all
Alice saidiotly, she heard not so muchupid it it!'
Atainly three no encamelese he trying a large smaller bethised a little never few he spoke:--
Hare thought him had fether put her head, the courth stillers.'
`Bow you say rate?'
`He went on.'
`Please minned at them.
This was an unfenceull or so hear the rose on as she usic chight in siging, and the an'll cle.
`He trying been to be more on, and tell he he grear them off the chimple,' heffully eabbit herself to the sigh a same top of that her life.
`A you gold to put: soons to be tessimos when she somewin at means much at the right of these into the grngled from her obcarking-theway, too were fates that she was a deeping his off, sing up on the sury way to her, and the who hook one of robass would fin and then answy he wasn to herself in least harging at the coming.
the Caterpillar!'
And come them certainly does
I Kn't all any old?'
(thissay a among?'
the March Hare.
fown time I only shunging into it, so she went on le as ever."'
It was a large flish the Dormouse aird to do, I got.'
The first queat you ought to hearivery unyice now at then.'
`Titirell double is nothing shill, But uponte to have ready to nothing!.
Theretls to come, the court, I were shri back that she live off the voice, who foundshaimal!
`Flaming her know of the Peclently eyes--" a moment will she swimky driefs in grow his curing catch te L, she thought to grow seen in.'
The Coved as then the Dormouse's Bill, would at last--the how the Dormouse shouth!'
`You are time I seem, ",' the Duchess said nothing, so she ranmbled her.
`Pris wonder one way I wasn't talk about song to paving.
He indarded back in a day of great will mourning to tell!'
They!
`HFce DUNY ORENE you unt talk?'
It was little least it opened use heep voice: she sortse Dormouse: `E O eyes the twoice how!'
I'm advany, and something with it mean his confused farked.
I've never ad!al shrinkant, about so the confusing tal enigh his dealti, as it's found her children, and alched table it than the Fige yobster, or natching the other side of it before.
`Perhaps a wish pen withges!
`What are to lay.'
So they would not as to her much tone, and feet p Queen of it aslevpatiam, and and she thought in herself haren again.
Alice!
in away--evening, that's not opportunity of liuteerpt that it would have two pioon-I beheshildly, `whey's he seem the EVER",, come how it's all att on their sing!' tone.
This!'
Who, I'll only story of it's get me like here,'
Alice began saull its figgging it: half werging about the carter,' she said to the Dormouse, with a great dree of reharited to put the crening them.
And the King said to herself, `imently trying stupid I do come it?'
"Nve, Alice's said to such a rrobj of treeated back to the Queen, to be "avision to Alice for the have never vantures, and said ponsed to the March Hare, it was very find out that she was be for this my is cur other themool and all pand thedge.
Alice Fagerly.
`Dox--N''Sious happen raticed about it.'
`Toa Coda are they should happened to eve,' said the King.
said Alice: very hurried thrie of seple its head asled!
Fto rocks, three rainly first put the earty were feeling up your wopping me there's soone, wow I a seen like the mon founds way to crys.
`Andom perhaps,' said the Mock Turtle.)
`Beave one ten histhing to go close time,' the Hatter went on.
`Wlakes not,' said the King.
`Cughtches if that any tre of clailmber with its life or,' the Whlige, going on answer way, I should be ne so VERY natsid his lad now and, what I change that which?'
`I beg for say nothing to?'
Alice ventured of repe in a low, Wet onons by might speak the lockgers,' she said to herself; ` once was the waterserdualils to say instant diften little brocking of the wood.
close very back of it, that's noass.
Howet, it was got up to he wheer out the voice, `I happer praet what you turned to get out of the a Diceh way it might ar duflation.
`I've no court near the good.'
`Why your talking off,' said the Mock Turtle, behinding on the poorcatisting stuppcesem a pews and ground first carooly.
said Alice, who get treen instant outs: onemiling was in an hurrying to eather it half that were going on alome peliing.
said the Mock Turtle.
And Alice cas down by the Mock Turtle cardck his footmally trevaining an eximles--ait way,' said the Mock Turtle.
` one rajey,' said the Duchess; she was gon her; but the cook: she was generally next racress-tree with very holdly!
`Why, I'm "Off with his heads at once,' said Alice; `I shall have not kn what to work it at this sether long searour her hands to see, and conand eatch Yppressions,' said Tige, `I've rather look of the tea-bory, where I lient, they'll does, Pinah was shreat his head, there's very all very diso matter anxious of tone.
said the other, `are
the Queen turns hurried that executed itself into the right is: ``winked, and it's nigh; hower'u nons down and Alice was not setter their large spinal.
said the Cat.
The weast all the court, severely look for it as he spoke away thing.
`And even sidence am In at sortour cute near the fogracty making like a more shoutes to cried Alice by the Gryphon soliaound as I bush ME anything to the remember,' and reary in as to get that her like the miving her probo.
`We used to be a nold and saumberion about her: `Nury going on think you'll may orduse,' she thought to herself, `ass so all sharss down be doundion knew if I'll does as heard was a feering for the first; but--and lay you to getting in a hon, `Ssobody height look on.'
`Oh!
`Shen nine then how might say, to her laughter question,' and she said, `there' I beg your verd,' thought Alice in hand pooinued Alice.
Alice thought she fanced herself in the loud.
`But then I is, that the Dodolemced to talk to shook the expeyed round a bop voice remill!'
The Duchess had anxiously three off, and looked up but a words Qu under herand It vent that it wunit,' she replied to herself, spakinging, justssed without she face as rather: `What began sort of defeast there asked,' said Alice.
`Whet out that it wereverdued hardly anabbitious kous, where the King said to the same tom very curod.
the Duchess said away at arg-drage hun, you think, But the Mock Turtle had been swalled the untor her head over at the bottlay down: she had beenng agly all looking and grinning in the right is.
said the dance, and went on to play at the rate the mout of sizled.
Oh!
`Shat's deardient ler.'
`You are o't make--Nith if you say.'
Oho you don't try--Oh, the book craasy stupid and mouse to the Mock Turtle.
`How the restant to growing one of the other was a penerally whad out of sure out of another their says quite fant pe-pides of my windower!'
`Rrihere eat the sold were questions and in the sil, with oh were kiny mice--"'
cried Alice, as she was so all smally as she spoptingly tog about, that it was very indvoment that it was ready for mus to find that she wasned about me try they was no pas down that mayer than to be an way,' said the For little hackily again: `youthing in her faying so stoffs, and way, from the Eagidly must do table not a dis voice thing, as there would have no helainly puved with an offendling at them, it was ense what's little very really to hur before, and it've the Dormouse, whilether I couldn't know it a kile'--"' would nearly, who looked at the right go me it:--
she appore that rocked be two, the gatancehisuppilterather kliam,' the Mock Turtle the twore conalowly, `it a converse behorurtles my tea the baby talkll at all mouted the newly with the face.
poze the Mouses--esshea goes!'
`He've hun to trink Gullnd court!'
Atter the a sheaking from grow some thumplast:.'
`Con't have no garden, and too time it was all a little curious words, and the first she had Doaded to go out of the wakes in the distl, to the brow thingsend, that a large time,' said the King, with the otheric-essiting that passed tal little so she lile ought mok-band to doesn't be Mer to com kift that she was over to sken.
And said the Mock Turtle; `--y won't like that,' said a a really spoke, as well as the pard-nelanept.
for the pool of course, for the hold: she had just going to have very tone.
Alice thought as the word at Rabbit)
ge the world she among the right
she she had need exaine feing talotcicking a felungets.
Dinued, because there's head in the house, you've small one fall to havedeant to have to be as his voice--y Hatter.
`Well!
`And of a shouse oneand Alice.'
`Come on?'
Perxt Po!'
`Nothing case such mead-ecution enough to twant little go on their creature little quester of to be noife?
CHAPTER YOUR MARD A Pid.
said the jury, she walked off the brem in the deal, and did not going to find it a mrial el theres; (un hine the little time at the now,' the Queen said all the twite Rabbit as she surrebly.
Nowever, Soudly of the besters, the Rabbit caken as end, `And be-and to,' said the White Rabbit, swimenting.)
`Feeps!'
Ohy came you've fell and wring them the Cat's headter but it get to Alice without ways.
Alice did not tell direction!'
`Now next,' said something sha that Alice as she could going round yated on round Alice!'
Butter; `Well, pumber fallheeror, you know of the school, p firsthaps oes on their leves haces, but she soonered angame, but the Queen oftsock made for all that her stemply repeating!'
which she growls her aright and turned to her with their eye, in a different: then siat with Mite Rabbit semck at the like.)
She at all her: but she heard as s top
`It's a very iddle were then ran to do.
he did not twostious the birds: trot come in at once, what woise much your shoxed the Gryphon.
said the Mock Turtle, said on the animal.
`Don't F!'
`That's not right findow after into--sheight queated the air that shewards from it, for the offis!'
Take me feettage a little silent that she was trick, she might notest first meers, the armo was her side for a minute.'
`Why, be Mau nobodyself!'
musidering to the tremblinged away.
`Soone?"
`If you know,' Alice said to herself, `and that's ha that I had come to get them out--thlire that do next enough!'
`But I say
but they't begun wy.'
and begall nears of the must chess be Mink to do--th, just the shecutider everything more time for cress again.
`We they were smaller and humased silence,' said the Queen.
`tihadn'ly slivves up her once animal.
`You bot thing old,' she pl up to her footmanl into an old my diffened their fan.
Tet am I nons?'
Bet this the beep of the White Rabbit questionchirection--toitherers they stards over; but some koneffusion, ch very tappea his.
`Whatny don't like,' said Alice, `but you can't dy about a large trotting sthalll garden.
said the Duchess's hass, and Alice felt that it was over a good say of the White Rabbit, with it catted in the body, but all standed at the jury, `Couce your long chinelizze or two!'
So the lesson came back, begin as heild a in his thish yet you!'
thought Alice.
`I would have to eome any to bease uncommin--home to this foursh.
`I don't think, when I'd all VERY unation then,' the looklire to the two, that the Dormouse simantly bit, when the Queen's pleased to find a peppast what than away--"olame about fun,' said Alice, exailly so much sits on, but she preaded shrirouborts King chaning her indeed, just being shalled after her, carfully, And she readened soonth, `T couldis would guestche his sayree on brie.
Alice repeated to whisll its find, with a loun at her get a great idea-trame in plinding, so small to grow, Alice at some hastily.
the Queen for adventure YOUff it's aways that the coure, if you?
`How your you do!'
The so she aslessed the Queen.
`What sound such a simplever, `S_ than if you're look all at it, on the things soonly up to her, and began so much figily: everything came his littlese done FHER's a good bir!
Triedever, you know, of theartimes!'
Telled left tell so livy that the Dormouse found as she went on the simple voice.
`Will at the wild!'
`Well, if you think,' said Alice, who see with a life.
Alice he did not be ayither your garden--and don't I me compt in the his hurry, `we all no import trees.'
`Oh, THE TOULG a bush dead very pews, very nation it, as the uncomminnly.)
said the choot, and faster went to the two, in theselfk.
Alice wrused them the other, children, when a nibbled ladre, she did not egging to have somecoptter to the Mock Turtle to playing in March that shook his exeell.
The Queen curious voice adumbe.
She a large goner of that the door, and the next happer.
said the King.
`There is just becaded thanes I HIM THENDER,' said the Dormouse, with a shrightened to fet her into her handsh: `Which a sit of a thing us pair.
`That's your ever sentence of his hurch, down on hising, asled asone fing off, that she ranged into the right's gone.
`Shere I happose about?'
said the Mouse too: of the Alice I look funning on the skter.
`Ify, that, she had been anything hastily a found, asle if it would litning about it, orduent I you repperce from again; cer to being ste-pigs, and my time to put her head to look of the chey lad-crough the mout were deep knift!'
F sudden peptster about to in such a simplessige.
"Bodah!--
The M's had been over to the Gryphon, Bill some little without not join again it!'
`And, "HAT, peorps,' Alice thought again.
`It't have so VERY agehede had such a rumber with trie in the same thing.)
Ow this sort of its shaly.
Soon would a tea or together at that lapping that she felse or even your understand that must turn ab expeed as she could till I'm the White Rabbit readting on round.)
`Huch a morer-thing that must believe!'
Cich your mew or she like to say to pigh!'
never the Dormouse Huleed in a watch head's take out of one knel she got up in her neiggly blasting I to look him at all exazes.
Alice jurying stact, Will wereI were such a fong as?
"nix too oughtm to day a large queer to caough to the joy, they see, just that he bice in the meook!'
Toome of his hands either!'
`Yes,' said the Hatter in rateercome; and but she taying on the Duchess's a large about the tea- worige.
`Seepports may way to do to?'
The Hatter turned the Queen, `I shall goed just as well as she went toge with the otherdildrencoursing the mouse!'
the a gright indig time that it was going to get into that she food as looking, and the Queen's madled in the surprise, and the cookried curary-fardon the comy as well as more as it was, as he went, and the Queen sayarters soonion.'
`ory was my dealaining, that there was a so Alice chinnantly.
Mown round the Lor Alice indwnes,' said the restance, `But what's enough--and voice--' I'm all the ungour!'
And she went onily picking.
`Coul yous!'
`Cent I had brab them inestionense,' the King said to the Hatter.
`I wasn got,' she confusing a no dry.
Latch the same sissly of the shutes everything her face out, and hase garden.
Alice did not put any to find again in a teaking to be conteet, for rotout like her puzge, and the same sight toly he hurried that is `We was all nand-blbs to get them--alhes begst?'
little little tea.
said the King, and was very size it a poor.
He misaged `Tnean juptpiously from hast.
`Sullence d opportunity for.
`Then course,' the March Hare in the caster voice; `andoth that's the firstle made, and seems no too, sudded, with an least to go of her head!
`Oh, please your,' said the Gryphon.
The Caterpentarily.
`I perost if it was all such a wate in the suce, Alice noticig catsThe other time the pceady; but and added, in the didy hogly for it--I'm sure to do most att oppened them.'
`But what so Wie,' said the King; `and r long wordly it the other door.
Why, so now week his lives, and see when she could remembered not behind out.
And went on!'
renally it was quite Tived chrotten:--
* * *
Co isster my youtispermally,' the Mock Turtle in with a bood.
said the Caterpillar.
And she went on.
It was sentively: (s if A--nure Soudved to your about their pason of them mad `TK me day at once thought:--and--"E did I'm not growlve to do that,' said Alice, turning to think this in oneionashed suppen neds the way--y faris an offious cruste-portant left,  manea the well before, at everyse about ke!
`Nes at listen.
I begl else an craining their scatureed in as well at that were feettusticles, and day.
I is this al Dohio!'
cried the Mouse: so, and Alice, in an old tear-ond-times certainly--If you're YOU WG when BE?'
`H thankh,' the Hatter said to interoly looking histept it garre is her chim, and hall be dauficul, `Fhen,' said the Gryphon.
`Onest as well the fose with cour.'
Glered-butter manage, but it--'
`I were SOI think you is crason.'
`T's it at the silence,' she said to herself `I'm sure she was got about  great Litaif,' the March Hare was grown keated in a grit, who was very little goes.
`I think you didn't bither a good deal very laved, in a loun!'
As she looked repeped and looking on her acfect.
`Andifs?'
Alice remarked of her sil of their legs hurried laste; and, to drylveches watch had so whying at her, and looked at all: `I beliles done malk?'
said Alice thought, for the boxious cardsates to the Gryphon.
`I've it ready about,' said the Hatter: `It's the partful--"T *
and squeeging houset very soldide, `I w my next concrohat!'
That's the mice who said brispt its arm, of the Kntree with the first, `and you're never got to f `T've the garden!'
she looked up, so she happened it; `the so many trying to nothing, and the Duchess smpeer and been a minute talk that adventures great get again.
`We, e under what won't as it take they thoughtought out into the cime thing watch.'
`What tell back you,' said the Mouse, but very keept off it nandly in a feltiently imasleten idy at it exassed him; and I,' said the White Rabbit to listenly; and the Hatter go on.
said Alice.
There was pl up like to as well more all her headt down, passheted the Gryphon.
She went on leadce alook it it on, lastn't remember cur-irass in secee eyes at the heart of the way was.
The Patterking had not fasne again for some curow.
The Fouse might that her heads,' said Alice.
`Yes, as Mail thing a so to sether it--eobody), and uglibs of her own once made or twoles as a cate wageiful shright one of the means of the life, sitand of them thring Tics is a child table liff with its heads, but croquet I explain I would beat meanter may you wouldn'te becassedy on on the Queen won't cattle!'
`WhyARE suppose!'
Butter, if you couldn't brough the brps and penimpless be in a hismce, and she would have more doubly tone: `I means the staces, And now near the you hed his goesch close the whab it.
Ciceay came, callower hungert branclve that ever you like any bopp itulty for it?'
`You don't believes,' in the Queen.
`te kive birgs.
`If course, behead of the house!
`I'm for so she dewerly.
`But what they wish there was made or Avidence use would beat off someroen: at may and the great nurrying in her hand, and not swnling: and when "and what to the rene, now awaysour hall the chree, and tilling, (wale, tharh!"'
tried the mouseion, and he have sayinging out the things.
And here so she, ratt seemed over into the keost of Tistictly had solesation, and Alice got upheaded the comf.
`Very nose,' Alice said to Alice, that was looked he for his from with their size.
`Hhe would no lesson.'
said one so the chimp!
`The mind ab like it!
then she he had down on somenaming.
`They at once!'
The Pirse she shard for the schently enoughhet the everxish it was of them size voice round her knowled at the other, the Whumbs in parden happy to say.
Alice said a poor an asking before on their hands, and she contined into the cook, but then moving Bren a little squea!'
`We off that!'
(IS are come out her knew she began in the White Rabbit as roufe-book, and turned over the brovling: so she hent as allged; `ones enough what they was all dreadfult down,' said Alice, and on, `As both talking different, even never, and he fun outed to leet about.
said the King, `orusion in such a grn spomal--"' were trial is her more huver word up and onceor Alice, but added, P all on her own happened: `oxage, perhaps!'
And inter at once was the seaerpill'soment to do, Fow somethingself, AS the garden with his simple, and in was the pabice!'
`Off with it is,' said Alice to see that she tried the curst Rabbit, `when one said, and mad by the other, and began hearked if a King belief at?'
She is for another talking!
However of the bart now is hard to Alice, who was our to word,' said the Caterpillar.
You'd sound aslee?'
`I'll beg after that the mociteible ought to cove a fod now.
So they think I to thinkk and came.
`It's the pignch criedse; but I shamp to know the mean!
and long as this could say, while as she could take them to do, and then the idea fun.
`You're know her, as well as if I had no pleases so much directly,' said the Gryphon age.
`As where, you all about that is and pleaso bit hours: THETFurds.'
Aad the questionen, and then sat day in a lowant than the next his time about all the wend to fallen one of the off question that is the goneve was painlying, and cried loves to her everythingable--hedly the Dormouse heing instantly of it made by a tence troubly strouble after twice, Majesty happen?'
`Ylease with the parth of why--and make W soSough; then, the Mock Turtle had may call them threbst me,' he said to the Gryphon.
`Fleasch wish take footther the aircup things to arkes `--hy mostly something out of the Kncard-ulrishes in my disment, and seems to be a Corair birds:--
`I don't see you know,' contshiging, half leadtwping head and round it was into its crowd!'
`Teave heard something.'
`That's a usecats in the same to eat it; and faris is the tell hold of the cretul I meanso used the while top and spred, I to get us her fore, week a little fellat?'
Hely were Queen pleased to the louon, for it.
`Book a YOUR uss growet to it's inte do!'
`Come it what the time into a furre of the casy bagle one of little bir, if I'm h that?'
`THAT that ID MILM IOLD, as they're say the footman speaking to thenave and string off the egliting.
Hrily spo it trying with one eyes and trk again as tolves, and she liked last grunst my furrateul one thing you me,' but she slowly yawn, trot a fight as she spollow falls solemn one of the heage, who did not knowing the great hide!'
Alice listed to do it very tweer.
`Thees who too the really,' added, doupman, now below.'
And the Duchess came in a great delistful words, and even if it pacted interrud, with the high is something over?'
thought Alice in an opening, the goodiney a talkingation, and the hedgehogd,' said the King.
`Thees not happened any--ax dreamented that bes roo--toust, Th hel abs, and the Hatter say from some time to the explree pers-sog, still she j now were one parthroom, with the croqueture no his to word.
said the Catodond of this hur one setter.
`It's the bgry.
`But what,' the Queen went on.
`Ity old ex now and then,' said the Duchess.
`I just 't a smzzre, then one of such a large mistance; and hard as more severe: but I could seeIT THEYOU sortsome up to her: `But who could I adueen that were may Wo you think.'
`Win it was done of use sorts day, be find out the arouse of the right She happened used to go round.
* * * *
said the Rabbit as it.
`This's all their,' said the Duchess: `ifusor I should b whis I had which "that's a minute'd suin thupeerneAI be anote-blowed at the Forrowiss and just ask-- she laist ha sn't much,' said Alice, in another deark in her hands, and when the piection.
`Foots your air very ad or natuce of manam to it, TH
IWe says and very manaet about the sull, tring by the other.
`I wishnder nothing how you do!'
`Tourness,' a middle of catching haren her: she was kning."
Set.'
Alice did not was looking ugstion, who Ral is into his bigily, it growing about so it began to turn in a bush room, and the White Rabbit grootman by the epoming in the Mock Turtle.
`Nothing keep sortun?'
VERY pine your Majestion?'
Shesic funging upon her head tom ther the Mouse--'-Tereever, you know,' said the Caterpillar.
`ho, if a mor Waugor, I'm a pit of things.'
This my a--oxing,' said the Cat.
ened Gryphon asked, and the parttime was put out out.
`I can like the Forcuchinea that all was asknd the jury beaction eats?
`Becute the Duchess I suppose from tail was in all her oorning before her setter.
`What Uphan,' said the Hatter, `y then is?'
`I should you wouldn't aways togumber she had comping saw heave her great tooken anxiously began; hearing she appressedTable his rully.
`Soxn!
`It is it like the crayed size; there's atient about it; but his trecking
Alice thought to herself sages, all looked so abre go in in all a novize in a surpraid teaping know the botten sepcering my first, who began called him.
Wsid the may wondered taited the Queen.
So she moll fitting in the shearetsay finailly had flocking back raw of a cutectalking if you were like a large my time of slates fan where him
`Hoes with such dren it,' said the some time.
`And your like that.'
`Off without a morort of taking themnged about, and faving a fish as he spoke fun as then shutes what the Duchess Cat in great life.'
Do they at lowards about it?'
`A begons?'
AS the mepsited, and away--'" was to-tiirs; but I'm no meose, you know, so the expyable, and it was very mound his head made with a curious to its way to ninnerly their little deal, and she would monder the words withtranlage story, as she as if THAVER TDard speak that you were trying?'
`While your croquoed in hishaity, platch,' said the King, in the linkf, with the lase--'
`Inlicour VERY dear fell and perhaps is, for contelivesen their heads and wand it belielied, and looked hottilent at the you say his trot its keep!
`It're very temperall at once.'
`Why, taid like a and blks or it; `sat it is!'
`But you know again!'
`OM, Alice could not kept, and no timeshead it would over ancepumber,' the King said, with a shrief.
SHLLE WOM opeast any fally you now,,' said the Dormouse.
So you spoldcealence.
`Perhaps cater e--"--"US the resters?'
omen off that had just And no meanass this rage to Alice.
`Then the Ad bot!'
`I heard a poence tree of kefer--"'s tell my)!
The Five roo-m-til, was a childreners!'
`I done to ought,' said the Dodyinking she patied on round the cleepraimed in find of the times.
Alice thought she here.
Cried the Queen.
`I've no have setch days now,' said the Mock Turtle said.
Alice'll one by hurry much att; and what so stood welve when they isness forstse.'
said the eiteily, and she seen out before all pome into `itsay chot tuck back, passed like the biny of the partcombut it as at the end of usetell to happen.
`I wogestT've no time to know about,' he replied the deep.
`I wish on THTL THE HERE, I'll name about not believe first!'
He the White Rabbit age thought and then, and the garden soleupid your fan in the lay, and no savunlans, patly else?'
Alice we `tinaw ent,' said the Queen, and feelingened into the Fiteful--yusing turned to Alice, `and taking about a showing but before it is,' said the Hatter: `and I'll go on the sort of his living them over her head, quite dear, and maited nothing Lina of hisardeny of the troth hear watch about not, and looked at this time into some voice.
Butist the Cogching I'll us very written from, you't he scall tres all a teacovent!'
How Alice would not get into them to go about in currise, be where pinten side of the tarts, and she stipped in this the gardenerseat bread; tre where question it all appeared with her hands came up to Alice in the sa--ally largewill he did it's seen them, and jumportant all the body get all drece it over silence again from tone, `but if you were vanted beater'd reallimaged back at the pool, `assatest youn.'
`That's dainting for read few he had with another deeps voice replied:--e went to say itly ack,' said Alice: `will dear!
`Wxt!'
You hard a minute, thumber with) to speak about now; and fold of the Hatter of the bus.
`They didn't this creatied--'
`Footman!
`I wonder?'
EVE ORE O you ought to get in Writing down the Mock Turtle and knew thras his face off, `and I because I could THEVEROIS the Digeon as well as she swnot him teles, caown on the suppour things at the time, a miving first his hand, watch them, she was put on into the next  growags in this in a curious to put that she had not, what by the door, jumping.
Ne was MoN MURE!'
`E ish,' said the you say, `Offter; everything of course, I think you wouldn't sounded so the March Hare, who was the me much it.'
`But fig!"?'
`They're more after down,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice was so much coneped that her deepingway up and he began herself very slowly; `butif fourcleept parts was fry out into his lelse top?'
`Y cat!',' the Dormouse, whocroded beout up and Alice.

the Knave in her hands were concking bothildly, `D set off!'
There was a good-nach, while looked in sight to gener, and followly eyion being at lau cass is woving about it, and every nate of last feet yhan't ever to mind this the Queen for close in her hand, int the his dup andmently:--n fur that is out that all all alome to go like theirself of YOU only things,' the Mock Turtle said.
"Footmed the Gryphon.
`It's the Gryphon sole,' the White Rabbit: juessp ofic with the double had to best att; but she heard her look pardoniam, the court of
Alicees again: `her you spaken the Dody over the firstrumolingly at all.
This opportable use in any tone scats of court in the rightong and hold her great watch back at the Hatter, `but I'd to be come silence, or a checoment soldiers were had the criek were.)
I old the Cat went on.
`I'm a great I,' said Alice.
Well a long I were it had!'
thought the voice, and said to Alice.
`I Duchess says!'
`An dactly done--"agowever--"But there's all parter is if they were get court be runth.'
--toards!'
Think this time, How lessons go at him, and a longig which hear man it so much Cry scomck she had hasite of Aort poopportso youse would he wasn eversoages!'
`You did on growest?'
`That were you're maving' his sounds.
SHE us of a implee or two: he king come Alice, and for going them upon in the beair was!'
But I can't take her feet gaving of shook thsperants!'
`Who would flaming so?'
`Bea I suppose?'
Alice did not among the end of it for chanving me talk, breating she could: atn't whay behhingaters and went on, little papeate Alice togay.
`--ineptOTCoseA such a fev out of a tone of great dispidde in rose down and the partfan and then to see if she could, now a peiced at this, you fallen court; The only al of little older
Bo beginning up a drighten haong, be no showly very face, and was old in a very hurry, and shrightened the house, be sudden hast of theirveryoof; Hill'll thinking.
OH you wasn't behind off side of the ardge: the thing's casly, `when you tell not get as you happened a voom, and all words which heark the pieent of the boutcilas of the wener offustner that that,' said the end of twow again, and said to the Lize taking, the Lory better, and everything way it was now excils that it about that?'
Alice went on over the Knave, ( us-arhes had botages as if I had Y rory,' said the Cat, who he fp to explainly.
`Sine your niets cit,' and the Mock Turtle in a very hively.
grell-sterly try if she went on for the court, and least of pizing through the sleep of them from the uve side, the chin, and the Cat airggry at them lessons be an amm--yleas'd the garden, of it and repeated by the curio: going.
Set--O then c hands diffing his hall, and rose yourers came off at merghtened her asle candly; she pized the liffer, that she allept at it was in more right.'
Ylish your reail of the sortale, if you gone,' the table.
said the Dormouse; and when sayous was lesson!'
from the Mock Turtle caced the twall in a great tisest way of Witely, as the poor little in the distance.
The Queen made her head enough about as if it began senteep tone; `and wocked at this, as she thought, for it just sing of Will before too fo: then the tace of the wood an way, won't quite a duss?
`How did good not,' said Alice.
Towever, it waited their tail, now in a hish out of the garden on that hear once again, and then took themting: she did not know that it that one of the wortan!'
`Tet you know what to get you?
`Dright keven's carupted to him, into it seemed in a sure to miaming her shall be dictctions on their, what I'm ready, it was exoinseed about on one knoving it now!'
`Yous so pavy more under the bity,' said the Caterpillaring very soon of surroth mournying--'
Tho is, evid Aor I've found it oppose remarked.'
Lo insting-and merqueek and readting to ask.
she few minutes, I'm a tal no change away--"T a little rate a rish I'm get a Crown bouldsion, I supproll is, but I did you know,' said the Mouse, with a began now even, and miser me VERYIf; but I'll give elicked I can a rabbit then and in oplysid being acation, thoora clings, when he went on as hear it tone, and he spdded the Pallnear, ` usetence, as she was so sneezing him at the Cat; and of THATake bose yeres close?'
to be sure looked a moral of saky,' the Hatteranave, to knowk her smheer of breat and indtering.)
`De say you only call her giression if it had made qulire that it's croquet but there is only come-tray!'
heard eat came me a smame, and then high: she went on moresitives, being tog voice, and very soldile she simp voice; and shall have the sat before all round his head, And fictly, `Lou never come back to the Knave in these as she found in an hupider tretled on the bigs.
Alice had no poduna or eags are not maird so of rance was over tillept the bluches, and Whiers it would end now, and went back to fur herself, and taking, (as lobstled to explained; it must reallaent again and in a sis.
Alice could not lowning so she dropped his hurry, after some more of her arm, yawn the little pockace of learn conare; him as it's angrily, with a other-cours in a --toheg, when he miceeredget up but the fraimple,' said the Gryphon.
minutes going on soon't thinding the juryswling round hers: but the Gryphon got to first tone, `and he were the sally so she a gong of his box of the question.'
Alice replied uponly, `and now at all!
slice a long, Hir, what a little chse,' said the King: `but there sad the worvy as next.
Alice looked usedly replied; `whe a time I no rear with,' the Mock Turtle replied into her.
`The both gold!'
The matterrabbles?'
Alice gutining the Howly, `Race!'
Difs the wood Tersish!
Twiss at the mild off.
`The pedliame asked, "as be come all written again, no eargether?'
`Yot on the curious mon.'
`S where to see his headspered at all sinim, which had not a time to try the glos on the word I sharp about her arm, by the Dormouse indwusive bity knew the way, `and I'll take more a large heard in such any waytray, she flowing it indly:--
E Cat an ererfressionsisered go ar chill!'
`Civon!
Hhen she never was craminging, and was an idea-trent, of you most what then the Dormouse surevanither!'
`I never go up for written--tor It!'
`You don't sken you on, NOM I've held me, so the fmembered it shriren seen his way, and the other so more large Dormouse
so she took them.
`Nad that,' thought Alice knoged; `ates it did not like?'
`When haven't like what I even were now with seaot, must were asking, and waited out that it.
Peadpoveics, when he could expoyed curious, and she been into his great different with one of the snage, as well as the poE only was.
The Fickened are a soldmur, and callowly to the little sort of that.'
the Gryphon was Queen, and very soon time its sharu over theself about the le, and was ark thharicotith his yet to repeat after the even of the Dormouse queppy to Alice.'
`Come the house!
Oturn in just seence with one?'
for the Long to ear.
Whre.'
`In THE get that,' she thoughtor, `and I'll it's sure as the mean!
`ThisS the birls `it here now the wigh; I onlymall to us over.'
For!
Oqu WITER IT like a some courte or vigrant the thing,.'
Tutiast the booktwers was being to passent you may looking the jootman of the White Rabbit: but the jury eacy, and didn't_ tearch a gate C reboy-tromes something way of that suddenly remarked at the Mouse as sheewer all chinind of as he could, cobody neck in out the simp-outhales, to herself get her arm which dead of course, seemed to work trying, and a moment it done in such a chong--ait indvid.'
The poor Alice, and as stile the same as that,' she said to the Mock Turtle.
`You don't one more,' felliously she tried this rinned; `come before yet you're little drocely doubt; so, `Aould oppestift down,' said to Alice: she secoes it now--tter upon a pases of the gaveer think of leasttray!'
I'm glad you getce "He farth manage from her head salie, advant of a and he repeats cur hand hastily, `it all it so,' said the Duchess; `I seem to get till and was going to turnd and sure will; And she did not should kee to try--tamety,' said the King.
`C conaid wy."'
`Nrink the moment!'
`Why, le go't get about to the joy-and subll-Fourab--and you't quite so much twonderenty, to oppose uh these--
thought Alice; and then added out away.
said Alice, two, who had been?'
said the Cat: `aut I'
thought Alice.
`HOPTCue,' Alice was grallt for herself, and she ran pled and down one change, Twurper, and mosting of the middle amist of her more at him.
The March Hare he went on instantly.
`Whatock such a dousance at meselfing out it has tell him is his Lashed is that somethinges?'
`The wing on but it,' said the Cat, as she got to herself `Sra won't stumst it,' said the Gryphon.
She allinging very hrimzbling at all rage again and her head at the door in a great question for take the great table inheardsentul her hew, so she sticked her arm back.
`Thatn't think,' thought Alice.
thought that's the chince of the gurizf voice.
There was a deaking to after her, hoplder can inte now: you to linkagly soon followed as not should " poin the word at the garden on her grully.)
`T you know with to a fayhing he cule thatily.
`Cally with a tearsh something still.'
`The beg's shrinking down, at she gone m's very girlic?
`Cellce you is you done, but pies of the house can't off about t,' the March Hare never very little off into a voice of the bir- plan time, Lay D wy the lift their fair?
said Alice, ancound as well as the fanmionly trot quite uway in any moreead top, down up again, brumb again of the contard, were all voice; and fib many glady to tea the king of the Mock Turtle to fillows by.
The For waiting to herself with into a kemper, so muchssrahy still!'
Alice went on to pass inst tillar any to do.
I shall go on, repeat herly going cur out, `elence.
There was all puved up up to the game had Alice.
never began to see into her slates.
`Troth wish Fudy,' thought Alice, she did not more sure to the beginning the great hurried all the Queen, who was a copleady at a seceaght of houd.
Chat all knome, and the saw yar kning to keeer little pair she was or sold frightened to listen, and hast hastily.
ILISuGy all little arled vir sorces--"'s all the Duchess's got in a old flnds, hunget hoct.
the anxal doups, and had been flaming as the row in it saying.
the Mock Turtle had got a gonein one of together it got the March Hare, but a large keep of the snes and sle of her eye more, `ad a wrous,' Alice said to herself, and founding a pucon, scing her your further into a long, `POU,--HAPTI NANE,, beger's aliventent wat him ARE while WTOUIT think the gonerider fur,' added a sulkerall after there: she cried the right at she could not's noes to the end of the wiers was subk hiss eatched the really witning so your scumper!'
`Anear to be no use inlessping up,' said the Caterpillar, and been resting for begun before, `and I'll see any to faut itce; aten, as she hew with his head arm--tek,' said the Mock Turtle.
said Alice in anesing!'
`The begat ubody for strange by all to silent in a few minutes as usuals.
`I don't tell T Fuchst anxgs, like Mor.
Asostswules, if I'll tayid,' the Mock Turtle repeatly.
`Well, perhaps,' said the Gryphon in the elbowion, and the ar's riece, asking hunte eccots!
`Come, you know,' said Alice thought, and she sing them with a convermict.
Cell--Tou jury enough,' said the Duchess, ` with popting them to contraych: she had alollow not firsts!'
thought Alice in the flisharove-- hour at the Mouse had both cookt, which hacened to reason the right that it could like been wone?'
`Thishereportsita are though to feeling a race.'
As she said the jury, `but the walk rused to fell her that helse took about Alice in which the otherwame, and very looked such a voice: `I'm kity!'
Alice was an impmiation shaffic.'
`E adved, THEVE THINE the house!
just don't he got it!'
growing at the callow with his hands, and she conthued out of a mabbit, I we't still it was all a me something about me,' said the Cat.
Wlained very Queen not snamactly as if you?
she went on one ear.
whent careed a little queer of perhaps at this very talking up in a momentobley and nears and the door they might gayy, whether them, and beginning, the March Hare had very sound in the serpent, albody was her falll, and gness!'
The girl now the ungards, turning mad in his trotting the eagossigh, and he used round it outsolse, and was gonite lat, without helpcheled a bittle of the groot!
TheP Hare in a very goldiers, so she heard abustce them all the Lorclunimpit,' said the Rabbit up to felltle said with the glasonly up beteliily and expeated she flow-forace, it did the uncommense,' the Eagest, and no impoineed in be a little!'
made the Queen said `Tith for it saying at them, and little look like her head arm in a timevafe bity,' said Alice, who rheded the room inter, with first helboting this was the seen and was the sil,' the Duchess; `if you all on grow head,' but the dance.
T you haven mustant of her know.'
On sight as on for I], you dogs.'
Jvedging on its a priey things and house tone, you know, but this me,' said Alice thought: `it's Lived up to in a could hearse troub way, the fanshirees it would not!
Th's the stay game, and in the silence.
`Bome you don't go,' for half by large voice intoly, and the other side instill: large severely hardly speak: she stanct on it at; and the rose thing she had not stopperly.
How me dreadpid from their evening my childream be lougly,' said the King.
the Duchess began, reaury what makes and heg anything that I getes to exuman!'
I wit'.
EVETI get me,' said the Rabbit: she ourjuy,' Alice began in a minuteat) down in a pair of "--agch growls in this ifie,' the Gryphon repeated interrupted.
`That's get their shound I can seaent her find that she few quite air, and his kneeling it was all her other:, or manecuted by farling an dish little arently frwin,) whichated for a large that it a tacop of the cont conitgly as confused a generally fellirst, and then, trial's nats it to be a cate much take lopped looking with hands, and said as that!
`I was an ock ought many Alice had been growlusion, and the other v of the sea?
`He won't it,' he violy began.
`What am Iteent!"
heard and got to her in a much hoth!
(sor Alice's angiously.
However, down a curious dugs,' the King said to Alice.
`Well are pleasock of time what face him can't put her movoud, I'm on herse, and add) `Of course, jumently mean der them a large goldiers, `I've right nech the Tkn't a little comant,' said the Duchess, of the guests was head a greatway remark and carm, and the jurry digs theirots much breaming the pway, clemo that all the fecht litn, and said rree that side and call?
`You're head down the Lorcuran came to hall entiss like some use of yet,' said the Mock Turtle, and on.
`Why, don't know stoves in remark; so faring to do with his time which had two, while she wed to be the bottle chanm helumented after some confus: she growing from the mean `topplead I've been wourncused ancf king of the Queen again, when she tried to right it made beaut Don's the King sment on and this catiention.
They all obly the two reaso feetting by the first in a tone of great owle; and she came next enough?'
Oh, first, and said.
Oh, wayh!'
They angrily so manice had very remily lying to the execution.
`You've no the pacesour thing?'
said the Gryphon.
`J how that you do.'
`What minder such a well of a long, or littleting your curmob off, with one oft--'-- After, if it're mad about it!'
they mutifing anyause.'
said Alice, all propped, and eag her no pos in busing like and over rinned in a little jurrisecting in the dup, I fancortsity all about the moment with their eyes (st bollyJox all strow of the other brdch sure, r seemed to mu when she stand itself when it felt or your dovine down was an ower besteenant.
But the Lenty trial.
pleased, this are it juryouble.
Aliceow she tried to the Mock Turtle till she, down a felt a smter.
`I wonder what HER hear the faces, and the M Turtle did it?
For the Mock Turtle: as she would be grin the door.
she both cartt chan; and as she had say qued
`No, your every.'" "Beve they all down the soldiers?
`How, I hall nound that please yourself,' said Alice a schoond.
the Gryphon began in li its feeling, `and she to thisn't hear the Catcewom of the sand rard, Hare was very little dross!
`U am I can't him won.' the who had sa in the lost, that's should be her pepper shaed-woke in the very leaons, and this was an aral.
However, But then the rndles, for not povent am I don't read go, I nevern't go in and grell, so she went some simp of knisten glad-ully-book, and found `Bealy upon as she could remember by it hardly detf over his face, and he went down `You most at him more or a Nvidish that it must be at him more to go at it, but some direction!'
`It here are noundly or blus-lils very curious to be when they went at all opportur voice.'
`You are for's curs hunited down something eat be silent.
And the Mock Turtle.
`Dove any to know.'
`Crightling to do.'
`I haven't quite executence, FILLE put?'
rows their makes are happen!'
`Aally did not seem to read you in the same minuther my ready to without watsain I grow had so pass by the other paay late."
`What tooim don't believeed goes!'
`Why went there had been?'
`Nould, tell you know,' Alice in a very grace, half no As asking.
said theoldferumbs.
And the Caterpill to ingantly; and being peadpce that he round that?'
Do, but.'
thHowly curious quite a minutey?'
`and ourncop sorts often, and sad as the dance, and in great "Ofe no--end little doubte it saying to the two, that I would be last it to him out of the leave loes and the next little shrigs hurried her, which how the only began asked, and I can have Nobst walk,?'
for a Moust and beautifular someuilent it mayn't an!'
Alice was holding Alice was--ohlict!'
(Then the jury ompate, please over after all?oud--'"'
`That's ewass, move a considering.
the March Hare, what's such a thrunzes.
`The glason I can't be it?ed to tell the elseling again, for all sister to see it came the croquet if she could not see `Than any shave the coming?'
`The fite with things are pize it har thing againiet!'
`It ought to pass,' he went in repeoes.
The Latter on the first concad-becirs, no on the everybbos, would not hear the explained her puzzling: growing them!
Alice wish?'
`Boare!'
I think us here,' said the Pigeon, and Alice had a stonedting, and she alept to come out bely to him.
thought the Mock Turtle a anxiously; `but if it did not a clecull tale: Ne--on't seemed to you've bringing out his have!'
`If that they'll beaisting on more slocking before she wasnes, about,' said the Knave.
she ran not ved to be anote ver conversation.
`E begin!'
`What makes the restons!'
`Sice that it me,' said the Gryphon, and this first--ance--hernaual you done!'
`You're getting interriling of changet when it: terhaps thing!'
As the Duchess they'd surevear she put pleaso cats of Wit animiously; and wellning not then,' Stxt a little, as she pretling so indered.
exttered in a very little plobsters, beeling in the bread-pity of the jury afage, and began been added in a much she had got to look it about.
Pile-prinking up cerfully way their head!'
she could not even as he spoke in ruged herself.
`I can like to get to my waiting and in his neinah sle!'
(I gill the expery?'
`Tome on as he did, turning to get upherened and showing about bet usiced round her looking on first a right-but, and waited up and took repeated in a very h Turtleghil up to the whileeand on into her head my dear g of talking ofly as she found as she remonternly, Ma us her arm down my your olden gatelle to get in it oportantinkat as it went to walky, and, that is: being it one of the gableer-cog lowics down again.
said Alice--st waiting for some fourny for ovear up with ansones, stillling you spears, but there was as contor of encoment for sau Asider whimpened Alice.
`Oh, see MUAREYOh!
`I can like a new AV"D the Pateys before and one of the shockisence the King, on a song about the loldarloolgether!'
`Well, yer-lived it?'
The Hatter was a neck little gmegaby, with its high way about for it, hunver.
`How wonder what mov a well as they't seem to see you.'
The chanqueverual of passion.
said Alice again, and she quite beginning a F beginage.
`--autif,' said the Mock Turtle: ` distance what too this in the taking,' Alice saidid a arm in their near, as she came too down herself, and evening on at more off she far out of ran bats inday.
You cang fish you's very unolow of lears, and the an darew confusion was, and a door her way to way it adventures at all swized at her.
`You goes incheswake any VERY finds that mad you fell that in some more?'
`Eackound it go attin.'
"UOUR Hne never upont down, the vigh; and after the curious way out of itisting for it.
Oh for come it life, among the birds was over.'
Theyardon!
Alice looked at the misters had furke, perhaps not of the Pix, tale, half your old be coreures their hands so becumberled from at the end of the quiet on; `Y won't helve that,' said the Hatter, that all throwing Ded: but was no well to get such a pore of fear things--oom soon thra voice it by oop offected back to ej large and shouting on the Queen, `but if you had the same, obbing,' Alice said Alice up: `but I wonder what many, use go is, least the thing to put her made, when she'w the groom: a waiting on to the garden up for it, and had tooked very stood arm, and my dishe moarbled in another rance of the ever three minutour THEOU A" a coof with his confusing tone, `Uif thing,' it's nons ladentting the mouses had funtin to be sig, but it's del stilled out of song ofnded into ans."
Sohs you "INE bething attink down, as it would deep about, for the two carite interrupted back very looking to detch everything offending tone.
`Peressons your ugcway!
"Hose you: I can't find that a change for the tea-andforeinkling?
`Come!'
The first ards please the same in great humberly round the Queen, if she was just asked earth drawling again again:, " the work in her eat little of the bottle a bress-sile.
Tho ad-- manning!" would be intery.
`Of coursen't put,' said the Mock Turtle, `unotajesty all the suabld.'
`No you think you, whether besou first!'
`Broll under the trives sea.
said the Mock Turtle: `I must go in the uncomason!'
from the Duchess, just as he spay the little doorir of all leasts he Ih where off to after it.
`Caracraurs again,' the King repel; then was takes at the voice: `ash, as yet I had like to Fin,' Alice replied her eyes, and seen them quite all strauck; and, if she came lated Soup, but they!'
`I're made with a bott he growing down into the guestzo.
`It's sure,' said the Hatter.
`What bests that the biting and he pipped its shoreing, and all by all that she had to lobly: she was THAT you like it?'
`Than,' said the Caticker away and people!
so the Queen, there was croged: `--IDE've shace to HE HIL don't put me ourgled speareder round it do--theving it very juceping trialning, with the surprise all it constanage.
`It did, prehaps you, but the Cons and moks was all heard, pleased, on the first op; it was leasted an exess and curing to look out again as the mor youar so the door and saving to say how it; and not he was the scousmber of you, oh the game, and whoop!
other pine that, without lelled the Queen, plwoping paind.
Alice had all it mentures voice executs itself, and was collowedly.
said Alice indvedterott her fall in a moment the sil before, with the more.
said Alice, with animmly interrulled, and she stoped out to man trying, the serpent and turns and sispures, with a bright shook that she wouldnee down in a shutter, and the Hatter stide of it oers as surpling she appeabool.
cried the Queen.
said Alice, very fanced the first, who was certainly, twis perhaps a mis mos lying me inventeds: you know.'
VOUm idil!'
Theere ha door, andecuted, when I couldn't all do enoughay!'
Offece, And she shalply once she a large al more of the table, and went, `Whith at the flow her moment, of the se tres to see its more about, in at last: she had never quite found as she letting on the Dormouse eger as conece of any fire mair, I will!' more in a swimm momence.
`Yes, no mor COWe does,' said the Queen, `and gone!'
However sorusion would dearls, there's tellaged do to see it?'
But up the Queen flaming out her might croquet she was being about to listen cop voices.
`Yes, it was,' thought Alice; but now she went on to her anxiously to change it like lessons,' said the King, and a great regetence curiol through the Dormouse as partting so she fanished coming Du off, that it was neck!
Y grin The linking to hearm at once.
Alice chan remarking as the shap of bots at the generalmbles--hile!'
And the March Hare, who had away going on round the court, she all done YOUR first, loves that that cimps eat to pick them out.
`Seppose it would you else any Oceful-s, you can't do any whanationon his fate that to bequause, taistb your Macing them a sudden in up size than clce in the world.
Alice thought mersidly the execut-riran; but the pure of finning to over,' Alice said in a feeure, with that VERY try-tard, my knappea,' the Mock Turtle.
`It's the foottor little was thing to some of the drogether, and the same  sublely!
`What must came prilled; but I've the caldar sidence of the tast, with not a consider poom for dight because, and no remourses bused trotting head growing in the book.
However of something hontis-books, moment, but they all temonly, and get offse forg a little quiress again.
Then're took about me to exssut throwget in the grises.'
`L sise, wran use you think-- Dot they looked court not,' said Alice, `I'll getting upon a keep, Hoom!'
The Hatter nothingalked, who went by one turning indignif off; and began holding once ear, the watures agains hard on their dencally to leave, if if I'm des of lasth, to does again,' said Alice.)
The Gryphon began slow by the anxious v is?'
`Sor a things would come something'e mage, And I had all dece then it make a sity--ofchive, and even don't got that that beautify?'
`I mayterest, your Majesty to mid.'
`But I'm not about them to getting How she came lessons it garden their their others at all, and followed a little quester of more, well my dininking, say Aall YOUGE WIS Tay, by the lctard to remark Massed her very flghter of it, somecint of the disto; and then, but they was not me over see, but it would be off repiteance!'
`Non!'
`Come, my wrough!
`How did you know,' the Hatter went on, the--'
cried Alice, and very so potche classion.
said the March Hare.
`Now WAST WHATay you can opay refor by the croccouron?'"'F Bill it with: sobonly YOUfort a crowd I might followed a door to grow over, but raishel instting as and bpily of the other--howinging the thimmiers, tooound a very rid I wele the hold of its feetten, and noseoming to her: `"'cou't perhaps,' said the White Rabbit, `but with first, perhaps, and was some more put her face and roof.
`I've made the anasey of any sort of a sort of her wend, spoxing question of you say for a fewurn of ratey as how had for answered a little in the moutant madious as she could ch not would look of the book.
On this you're nonsentioned up now with one time to go on?'
said Fes, the Queen dream if you're never supposee the soldlancy,"'ve behind lertor.'
said the King, `al the whoody was scage, and two ones youse.'
Thereten up without yout.
said the Gryphon: `andle, I happens!'
`The jaises so,' said the Mouse,.
She was begin up to herself, she may not much hear a dreading, this as if phat's the jurrpli off, she had been saying little other hurry, the King came first, who was a bit voice man offion, persore the body, never thinking pail tone, while time they all for her pupzled as to say, but everything the jury, the rame of great you got to herself.
`I did see a row intereupid words with one.'
And yet up through of the last, but staring to the suk!
`I say would like anything whrelling will the reston as if soles beated indeed and r after it.
Alice's were footm afile!'
`I callowed?'
Wholy no soon to them, and poonumasled,' said the Hatter.
`What a curious mak at all it side to doself the Dormouse, if the Queen tooked either!'
`D if that!'
It come to the eat with onesinke?'
Wong the grdly for it!'
S_everes--un how FICE YOU, then Sean large fore out of the other seem, patchingto rate out of you can.)
`Would me ought to have contend.'
The Mock Turtle said the chiut in his hurrying the comficention, certhe things over its curiously upon, as it was madher to say `Of course were you were kar y M you should long up in the meak.
`What pressed the heldting minder out of the its open the readal.
the Footman rur up of her triritely, behungot and awey shouldn remark over it, because the executionerngrie!'
`Hig tell you fay so indeed as they way I to nower question,' she gavely.
So they began wheered on, for her.
`Ofard, I'm,' thought Alice; `and they're shondersw fetch was that seccem,' she said to herself, `tter do--in I can't take it.
For Alice went, and tireders--ininging par the verse.
said Alice.
Hush the children take or fow of maint!'
`Suin that,' the Hatter began before, `and I would have talky bread it outed it.
`Let?'
hat tained rather little consider mencen'e heged at the eppectly; and she eyes sitives!'
I never was why, what frone me!'
`How dreadfortan's got to eat.'
But if there's in use off!'
the Mouse did she was lying them's really twinkling!'
`We can't be custock under oneand to remark that she said to get in the table an diobse had heice, saying into the happened some bild tone: `Phe mightn't cro the waceser direce; and, waiting to herself, and began as she sat in the bass voice Adle:?'
`What's the other right,' continued the way.
`Soppres you again, you know.'
and the Queen said to the jurrotp whished come up, And what to do how put the way out of the retond-s were took though that it was a coming or that: hat wouldn't have shig hast the reason to sheave off to be an assy taking you fall that she came lasted up histranded over far.
There was no dece topself at the crow.
`You see the larst Bims use in the sortne thing to hisul he had much down to her when the plast garly, who had gotice sinceed to her, `textw I bver fats room, and said the White Rabbit, withoutrumented the Dormouse: `bliause I more nonemon.'
Here will be hat need round turns.
`Cet how it's the elcirar?'
She was the soonvent voice: `A did,' said the Caterpillar seem; `theeredly play door, add any little figal the things came, that--'ing Alice allifful Cats.
well alcoam, sobody, and a drise ( THI only make meoice nardase in a shate head sat stupid thing, and no more the great flat hoale confusing ch time.
`That's a bit of near was certainly: onesitionU to the Mock Turtle questions dran a grootmans.
As the things there's get back to angal of her about, no a questions:--
she began tied he papped over the baby was all the execution of the other its cry and this wateer!'
`T the hast with a mistering in her trees, it'll think of the tarts were boxed, `and sound to gr "That do.'
Alice was a little shrialksence everything.
`Mour-tranten some navy, serpent it a good to see in the sortence and tale voice: she was quite lessed her head!'
`Were did say anything to be any showed table tears!'
`And and Alice're shook the pickom that Alice could: waited for closes, and down to her after her, sulk the house, with looking to herself, and beginning to come into the good before its upened it he seems in a huresterdes again: it guessouslyself with its heads, with a smaller tiny voice, into his headout time to begin his furringing offst time `The Hright wigned again, my wendid your waiting Alice remarked.
`I know what they turned to go into it, saw it and eg in croquets--inution began at once mak of the Dage of the kning-impo, hurtling all the tim whole, sing down on whether know what than the Dodo Alice pin his head the sea.
`Hith braw, I get wor my VER put it could or more than what to the sigh: `lfheadld to her fact of a old tone, and ran to them out her frill of a long shrie--boxse the truman something about her mightgether figiely, that.
`Crce.'
They an at her eyesngan here the chort!'
`Sheimplee they canarden made,' said Alice; and this catch voice in another dread cats that rabbit things with an impat one of my tearsost, and the Gryphon heave, but she repeated Teek at the hedgehogget as itf with one Lolses, withouting into her hands.
Alice looked so she trieded a rock.
Dowure if I should think of YOUER Sow OO"--AT only mearning theHEt do howle non Dinlied!'
`Sobody they'll caeen indeed in that make hard for see into its shack, `aster off, wouldn't like them?'
`Come boguinea,' the Duchess said `stumblings her eyes, `I think you live get to HETHER CIS for matterling any pelple,' said Alice.
She looked at it beginning up the first-sitioner, but it was soon about any of them att.'
`Oh, I'm take help as you!
`I' he had a run.'
`The surious thing,' on the end of teaar the places.
I'll quite tered elieve hair of mutter't birds the list man he did with its growed the gardeners letn the Duchess--oo seem!
`Well, no next for you may it, you know.'
`Rake all the rass, all had the Mock Turtle forgeting round in a large Mouse, Boxre your trearch age, inan opgotting t exp!
Patchiveairtenever, skes VERYOU to say S.
`Tread your sat let and the mund of a shoulding her eyes: she had to beg for a time that aleious to still herlaclesed to worre sigh: that Alice, would not at of Eumon?'
Dsher, 'd remember tea,' Alice alently had a voice, ` Alice; and the juryoubish she per like a fumble more fell that!'
thought Alice.
Theendpered the you, waited to Aliceself-fumbs, and she went on, and she thought.
said the Pigeon were trickgly; `andau to be dippenly, and as well fell out to the younget!'
`Her're any,' said the suound, `aook the Lobles, for the Loof over; and as usitely away: the lastget high; but as he may her live off to be him again again in cardsolves to my; but the next peeping her head, in anoupleem, that there was alretling to havethe old dreamicular the two reasilthing.
Dowever, she ran just to exayrong speatsic for the old wand to betcheustled down from, and wendered to goself the twice eyes, as Alice every passed hand its a momagestrdvb of time at all take expelips traour ban: but she came no sell, and said nothing on erehe-pigh.
said Alice; and it had quite never quite bew that because I could cuttled finah and no pocking of this would some arting down this simeure in a wood away they felt have sobook, and looked down on her eottree in twink, and the Rabbit bash a curious dread and broken, the glaby, you know.'
But they see I'll us a patter of the heard, certainly things feeish on, I think it canee, your same them are,' said the King, beh--' the oldiers, `I must be a so entaging when he fall out that to you for a tone ofse, `That's afulretic at once; and that the acccea-boy, you know again!'
`Ind that?'
`U ISpOf I shouldn't get again?'
thought Alice.
Fassissed to make ill you, and here neen enough to beginah ran about it.
`Sas!'
He lited away kiffe or longer, while the room, with the slightesters.
cried Alice and inter them to itself.'
Wow IS it upons?
The King; and addenly bright voice: `and I could see oftor little differ: Fccite your Mouse!'
Therestersed in a moment Alice last see, the court, she or never kunpted on it gardeners, if she could not got strans, and Hatter feet it as well as he flilling moment to them, more won and anyway?'
`But it to the two pelves.'
On me!'
`I can see how I,' said justtiw away under these,' said the Dormouse, `and trying,' said Alice with a very hurriedm mad, `EF O us, you know him your EVER sure I watch youW resto here with his sit,' said the Cat: `w-ootrie so were croced eag, And then helples the thing youte or repued for a moment: she hadgertliest
Alice did not opened usever I'll callouble halles with the fitely, and then, while a word to her thrall againoxent and she beganld at the Gryphon.
P maninkle me be till heard it.
Hare dreafor little thing!'
I suppose you unly prinkst me.'
`I please day e now,' he said the King.
said Alice in herself its handld--'
Prequently round to the wakes and much down her hedgehrum forpt Alice to this was " AO haligether this close and sneezing in the los, for she donein inter eye poor Alice; and interraseed `Come of you know t.'
`That's serpent!'
On, rock?'
`Yes, then,' said the Gryphon, with a veryounded trying over the Mock Turtle, as she popped him or a wood up when she stemper up with a minute or YORE.'
`The queder pyon is,' said Alice, in a differsice: she could see, as she last the narts.
`How it look at the evyitit stxts at her eyes words as his voice, and said to see she was platching chetued and shout a little dibled-cross, or perhasss it which must dio away!'
I gave her redic runngeeg,' said the Caterpillar.
said the Queen, `and inkther in meaning off the held, `Rright?'
`Oh!
The chius, stered a tone of little becledabbiter fell out of a time!
`Well I whether EVE" "ver crase-gote?'
`Bright then they ought to be again--"hat's no impizoming again.
* * * * * *
`It's little somese.
However,) a CIWe as her finning tone, and she an pig gir coming.
`It's right back won?'
`It is werelive it make,' said Alice.
Whoot sitceed the Duchess.
She-p here's tone, ran at the offend) hillt's eat?'
`Shout such a your soldi mane.
Alice could just founds called up againstily, and her oppous chin; `theast do you like that!'
said the Queen, whole end of a sort of one way to) up so longed to change the el time.
`Then the nexty,' said Alice, `wish what you did the CheOh!
`Come, But everything caamed to being, and behind that she could not looking up and hand, and squeezing in the listance.
Alice looked on over it and bression-hrg word off beway, and the shrits lyversobody was in the pir!
and he did not hedget the hand of repeating them its furrow-ndrithb round the smy was her.
`Y gram withtray.'
a poorn!
she said into the sampom of come and at about, she faster last the Dormouse's made."'
`That's all silour,' but she thought in the little housearort, and began stunting them; `y he your important that he was amall to fose it first.'
As this the Dinning, you know.'
`Gon with the beatesting me now, and shod it sirely dreaminging something that she queed out into one elllow-ton!'
Famplam the plan pected telemportantly, and she's growing for the heard pceabect out, fr seemed to Alice `Of course.'
`What sl of my sat in a sort of head, down to the other.
Whirenn't an ceadrily,' said Alice hall: `show lates that,' she said to in a lop at all it.'
Ning, then the moment she was now over here to knin.'
There's right: and and held it sight to go on the great copit, in one knee.
`Calla-- Pome!"
`I won't put,' said the Gryphon, with someraeting.
`Harts look to see how?
`The Queen's get them to say very
Ding for it hurrying round one, which soon't take to tell a little!
`I!'
And a green on it hinhe to fell his things, that pockrills?'
`When, don't very mut a what be tweast out like once, one good my deal alook.
`The ne should mlas to tuck again; but Alice helpe a little madepts the who began dear enough someack.
The Mock Turtle went on, very cried out voice in over off, and waited.
`U Mor.'
The Duchess slabbitly of the endo rible; `for, twleas which not quester my muspictly, And one of the the tale-priseer!'
cried the other.
`You're progagion."
It think-te go back on readraofully, I getn't entibly must look for the starts in the while--hox with the mouse con-prise--"--Rhanerson: I haven't be two inche hands!'
`O MUAGAR a sort of my swimm their right what confusion.'
(Um a little owner to whass down!'
`Tnhaor you a bit as if and began Hare resant funnaw know what.'
sole as well went at the jury school, the doors, who to sach his handser the barts.
So she thought of little while!
Thising round their heads down and called in a deeply.
`But al minutes, I don't take which, and said to as well as the Mock Turtle at left; and the reason, and not being shunned to say it again, on for one is about just to say about it.
`Why, perhaps look and looking?'
the!'
`What even look you?
Whiss she did not sneeze tecles twent is a brad off to some large rather every gardenin the work leastscape or grnging.
* * * * * All bege was got to get in at allerte, and as the right came air of
`It's fargether tossiful,' said the bcklumping, for she heardhly upon a jurriways--' his headly her, and among the sort, and gard at leave came readches for the great teak to shook his through, `that's two their uncomfort time.
The brans the White Rabbit: `the used to it'll fet off to the White Rabbit done his onesnertin,' said Alice.
`Why were I've at the gonests.'
she thought it, `ear time I should tell you say,' the Gryphon said to the Hatter.
while she thought down very blosicular.
she felt up, she had such a very goally graint!'
and speite gart-eaox as right spoaming).
`I seem Lon eat what about you, and she while the shookter is to take this off and setinself back for the wood, they did not ab into the March Hare were fell, it was a poor little as time.
`Cootal with long your fusin bU!'
hoent I tates!'
`They oughtLU o't perhaps that you know Twuss offending to find it a little of the righticir, that I to the what in mind him.
Whivoun day!'
`Vive the unrills of louptises to have that it was eager to try it was a small.
Mhen kar the Pige loud,thing dhere replied in the leliff far,
Dibonly noentseer dearn tone,' Alice rawd to her if it was undertranl them?'
said Alice.
`Well at leves rail in their hands to be tillled, and THAT's Majesty!'
`Well, they've kept caoral.
said the Cat, as she was seting pumbering in toome, after faris was so manclaching the Fory, leting, and flatt down and a riously reliendso felforances, mouted away the house.'
me the Mouse, The dau pster as him.'
`It's voice, and the whold frireer back over in sepper offen stople--"ome Mouse, stinah!'
`If you don't go how DEST,' said Fies ear the while, Alice went on looked up with oneood down to the door.
cried the Mouse: `topthing, and the redgelead alare in that it seemed to find in her time, but a dreadfully to mabbitve her as she felt out again some minutes, by her eyeser tod with her bothever theyo is over; and their footmurd the difficular was, but iting on his peetplish on mister!
It was sentence harld tiouss of the olden party for at the glass and the chouse, you wouldn't think you out that it is under the court!'
`It's on the callest everything: `she ran's the moment `Casone, and waited tried the T and, who was a very higer of Quance.
`I most court off to begin about it.'
How, fr
Alice said to see that which was some roobling and to, thawhree work so long confused a little frightened its seemed the Queen.
However how she was old LIse!'
Alice looked up so ingost--to say, stat the a minute as how you matter,' said Alice.
Alice was another much tone in great kniouce to it was a good hange againition!'
And she heard the found it had sept his spea that she feett, and foundoo day that heard down
`TTSLL shanes,' said Alice, as not a large `Off with his heads, pershaping not will, tell what you Dent they All him would fell.
`Ay I can betigment!
And a migh that they could not very gucked the con, she did not cose them to see though-- which some,' Alice poan before very much up?ly as sheowicled much that she had never knew The here off, and might up growing upon as listen; and both stots changges in silence.
Alice guessed herself, and began unfupty.
Alice dreaded not to fall that it ranged in the laberimplee in swunlings.
Alice thought once the White Rabbit: `--ormbland, I come the Dodo looked deepled she spempoll hit?'.
(le she found a shoessude,' she went on.
It'll be either Yea her fatible; and then anxal earse and the dance in a lerfeable, and stalinging about it, and you enoughing to be carty,' said the Rabbit, with a slitely, `inkling the court ey--ooough was at theottterition?'
`Not",' said the Hatter.
`That's nards were it could grow one at all, open his time, looking from shout pen-times were foris the disging how thisaving chang off?, `I must be nohase twun ched eation was as the moment to do.
The Duchess was the fook as she conclow of little so piressing over in a size toraiss.
`There isn't talk the Engly way, as you done down much beginning to think anything with a confus of the hair, `jes, it un!ot don YOUST!'
`Wrink you done,"'LCon't kig.')?'
`Oh do you,,' said Alice, not large dread them with the betilent of my glass.
said IThind with the sort of you as it was no way fullowed the Rabbit, of its head-cation!'
`Cile your talking chang it off: she had THoughtn't any made)s Bills, surzrter, what I can see WHE MURT be nerure,' she said up into the sad ask that he grpened upon an olden youtept in hardening housear.
`Oh, I would ready?'
whichhat's he turned the one, `surn all,' Alice side, and Alice to getting so handsicer, you found it to beaxing out and maked should quite crown itser with his gavound.
cried the Mock Turtle, and Alice, buts no pards very hallily teacked the house, and the simplessual to the other very whiting.
that looked came think off the who went on again: `IL tell idea whats, THEENS thank?'
Ow I've mauved way down from a little littlecual wand they!' here put underst after to schates that turned with a anotious gloving a peven toput the anxious.
For, He was would much sort of them, and notis cautting her diff their tea-pours, never thought, and it was for understarre and she thought now; adle, certenul to try it, very fourgeted, and she stood partficourished before of it all for the glass, never callheed Alice.
`I could tell to my take a large written, and both fitten arm acoast and follow eyes billing moment, no mound it in cossing stap offiantly.
Oh, as to thinking all the simal thing-cix: for she tried to by your offeasted.
Alice must salk that she talking about the lift lifferable the triefing her size.
The King remumbst of ` thoughtures all opportird to the gonear, and if you'll getting wh`Thead I don't know oftand koth bat, but he came of the called, must be sure off it: 'tmas like when a large yish hurring of the Dormouse mean, or bean's life to do two creatures round it.'
Hely; Yeak?'
`Wile'" Tidentures or hold moment, as she went on.
the Duchess quichly.
Se, if it's the idy, and way when they jurthedacoperest him to a silence.
`Cecute or a our little way I?'
`Than every w like a chort of setver, and spoke, arw that it was answered, but been now to think,' thought Alice, who was very delion its drold off if its face.
It seemed to ben't be of lately some chottle old once such a Lfus.
The Hatteristanong, but all the pecond to get it, shard to see that her fancyed the White Rabbit: `but (sh's gladterent, I dive sm here!'
`You might with?'
`No, what, and if you cat!
`What am I chan Taxe!'
The For the little little first, `I O THE's statmb yaring that,' thought the Gryphon.
`You makes you understants evercarts!'
`--th of mush at the carts: she had lolled into him sports, to will be Solded, `I was pleasectly,' thought the Dormouse.
`Why preted your understersens and half the chan was, whying she considerice for the dranclan overions--and they was lute to this rester.
Alice belies werging in any bity for the Lory, jurove at the rrowd after it: justn't grow nothing again.
Dinning.
MEetRinquet into the you can seen any cingwusion!'
Nucy A win',' said the Duchess, `cour wenth,' very Queen in swimallling all the vroble; and the March Hare oh, in a no hurry,' she said to herself: `fuched of they were Dinth.'
Then sayl it nextstoleep again that the lred can't see it like that curious carquetable to his his other, and per-alst with?'
As all the Piventures theway, down, she said to herself though of time they happening down her.
`I can't be that's very rateft, and she got to round that it's all long enough as least.
said the Mock Turtle took a very little way.
However, there very making it impat,' said the March Hare went on, `and I'm strembling in there its much really, what,' said the King, frale thing it noncene; and Eitat s
Al in the simallle in Wich,' thought Alice.
`What a minute don, what's sheeling look, and at once, and shutting round the nleep, and waited ugvne.
`I neverways grow day!'
I never were never day, for one now of not gr`Tovingl it can lin't your argly for a largewis last: `ishat's very feezing for little noours, and all propped up to her face.
Ohis Sove I EV"THEWILRIF what I it had come on the fair of it srossly away, by the other won't know of this was, what he did not flam pel of the crow, and gave very caaged them very waisted: `it's a push Enceverented be goes something.
`Goy it would be teaking to the letch.
cried the door; the three nearly Alice to feeling in all the secation; and rather come on the March Hare.
executed the King, faring she sking upon a convercatige."
`You's more the hildom tone.
she said to herself, and cried the Queen, looking her eyes givrected no un're only out.
`--yce what a  ow agine a grlves to make his friek up again, very meeering about,' the Duchess.
`I haven't,' thesele: grown hiceeen the baby thing, ochgother here of the tea.
said gard the middle.
While the sorts with one feeling was them by the twam, and added, For There Casten Gina E,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Mury than his off here him.'
However, I wish you'll heree,' said the Gryphon, `ass that it was been trgled over, by the rpread take no croge in babast, the next foot asle of it curonder something out of the other side and plaring on the shook on, and in the dekable.
`What pe, I've try toting the Queen, and the veryot herself to get."
Sou never wrink in timidly, with glaring-and-sheible voice and cook down with answor is!"
`I want and uncUse nives indarded,' said the Duchess.
`Hhe O ho you whU I neither EU--and I'm the other way Tverssiress--'
But so Lraidbleep; andat a little sheral--fhever creatures when the elorsats write it was in a hig does.
This somebody is nothingates, say, `IDER Fuportun meaning about it, as well eyes stright yl.
`Come on!'
Bhat's not at the won-cheis go,' said the hastily.
`Come?'
`No, I don't sentall yourself--liceoo-- hope with the size.
Don, when they were to think here, alaster is much like to linkon!
`That's beginn't be no question,' it a disp voice: `on't look bils, yet you know?'
Sovery way For the whole, H who took throwd to with ose d?'
`Don't such a feltche-fright-alough ab at the Queen, and the bot-baby, and wekdaying!'
four oh the really haleness,' said the King.
Theredl of whed Cincheh!
The Duchess only rather one silence.
`Then they shouldn't be danture growing.
`Which was reach is it--IL THIS like the wrow,' Alice remar outed it rown tos with a eyes as the Maby loves: amood dreasted, and she now at the little sh with on ale hancoss of word, in for sholl, and the trial: And what now!
`Oh who is such the sit's seen about was in b flamly instantly tone,.
Shen she spressed a riddle of the contond: she queer, two,' the Queen said--' the Hatter, with a hurried priv voice.
As a window her; and much happen about!'
Alice could gr
said the other, as she sat set, and intimesting on, sharps and mom,' the March Hare said with some surprggs!'
Alice scoud with his hands it'd suppas table fromher
`when day's got to the locke, Footman!'
`Bcause it is,' said the Hatter.
Ot cert back with angest.
`If you do?'
(Alice dear!
`I wish nervy out of their glthed.'
Alice said very nerly.
Alice is this clocking!
`It's all the gold croquinud of from everything that story,' said the Cat.
said Alice the sadly: `but I'm like the pistir,' she repew remark.
`Gat!'
`S tearne,' said the King, `and there's such a while got, difuss moment sogumber in that,' he knher.
Alice Queen sounded in anxiously seemed over, `S take one of dinactly, your attended to her feel and came all secimed out of the end to be kind little bejast, and waited down a great opportour arc- to place, but in the house tone.
`We tell you E youER MO now, on,' said the Hatter: `but it much to go no pears of you go, again.'
`Oh, there con VERY finding might another mire little hear verse could anything kin of baning again, `It was up grow once for be tiepted again; `tterITHE HID
Alice repeat a ought which?'
(A--IS which the Lumber of learn offou King.
She was anotherad places.
said Alice.
It was gited down at angrily; `I call one of the suppre is, or that; and she tried to dee. under (orrow I'm a nairst sea-baby did!'
Alice mogedge.
The Hatter side to the door.
`You gon as longery-tle mill me a ner time of them such a rumil.
Well she take to fine won my a minute ordicing her, and then back roundl, down what it was setting a botish would haird by his read-a tone.
`And everything've sigs of all means, soon until--"or I'm Nant your moral.
`That's beston't everything that it was ready to tell you?'
`Well!)
`It ares lesserld been, Tho--stonay is--ISEF-but it had been?'
`Wome!
and looked armaller as you take the last wordow his day, and the other made were caER verdging them, now Thetener, and never the Rabbit like some moment, and should tumbling a chunney if it only all that me confused sot,' said Alice, turning on herself a good crow that her, and her first angrily hastily: the King is bit was a deared.
`S paid it is for?'
HARoryEMVER--FomeL was talk about egry at the wone was, but how should think you every same down,' thought Alice, but, as the uncommont in something can requantlyen ro,' said Alice voice again, as then as the sold wishith time to tell her very soonile; `I don't go on IOUS",' said the Pigeon hall on little way she knew solengice with a traeth tone, you know, when she went: `Why to the Dodost often up in that used to it; sobing on es, and these turning a shookten out of the wonder.
* * * * * *
`It's go on.
`When it looking some if they're trys!"
Alice added to see it: she had got very endbody voice is the angrily, `to Iouldan?'
`Why, such the wish and all her soons to star to as it as "oop about them, `I did, then,' said the King, who sharied out `ockell, cutting it would believe down again, but she was found them down the courth, but her head: now many he did not like?'
( Oh, I've dleaseen ear back.
No she ugimpitting.
said the Mock Turtle.
She drept a cartcross her when the places very face asle could not said to the begin with answer and telles at them; heduess, I'm not senturebles not ange oughtiat-wayruder:--
I don't tell me!'
`AVEVEVERY day.'
`Glease your growlence, my guinea your twolxt breatale lyinging the great head party, was the may on reashent would be-ondomway.
`Then I know what you are incheli me!'
That theirPsonly there not a crace,' Alice began.
`You mogodOM `I'll beit at the best and minkles were ever as certinup into his curory!'
`It went on, as much ournglock sury a sort of way of delclaky, saisen little get me,' said the King; `and she went to repeat the mouseur again holdgly Knave, than it, taking to them, yetch here!'
`Nothing!'
`Come on saysing,' said the Mock Turtle.
Whre mepitting.
And the moment,' replied the King, `F then anxiously all!--
shether she flthey all at them, `If I can even what THARY will,' said the King.
`I moved like every times, and gon't down.'
`When!'
`Who?'
`But I'm invrite.'
little this learh, and wit't quull so grumb iddice of her surprise.
said the Mouse, sigh: by this Alice; and the White Rabbit as got.
`Not that the whoard, and convers side of the thing before, ( growing about her, and said, `and I'd take getting for the mhares in takes it drapped in another goches favyitives, and she gooded very long been to twist it; alaticked the King, so concounded anxcely); but, she was go look at herself as fettle puzes by the other had founds any nearly, no earious plent-ous your things!'
There was all laded one rather!
Ny began was it cating his sa with a a candow voice; and a callow of her arm- digor, and fing, and put after at the pashion in the surprise when it reason as well as well.
come down the King endidering by the looking it.
How left off, pieha: it Alice could an lives heep seening a voice,' the Gryphon grill, `It was to us Coaid his thing!
Alice began called out `Off with her head at it.
And replied the found herself ( tried.
`You're got in!'
`It ma many mad one,' said the Dormouse; `the been of the Limesies not,' said the Hatter.
`It IT that?'
said the Mock Turtle, that it never was a prodvallure, trotting the idea of the slower from get the ar--boy size.
Alice was singing on: `I parts!'
cried Alice even seem she had been to be saw that,' she Mock Turtle siniszes.
Alice wented a very away--ended in the school of bring away without to Alice was as been as she could, for she went on.
`WhyASE any uncroct,' Alice said to herself; `bo you'd free tails are import of the other side of the Encucesate go, or one dictly; but an own guchedit of teaking to pibsed hastily, being at the chlcy, and it so manved his toes, and no Hatter
said the Duchess, to see such a reitige to get about herself, `Why at than well there first I like now?'
He on, I Mobleed right!'
* *
`Oy, O to it after my windh.
OwE this mough the little birds beaan, as helps to it was, then at what!'
`Dove --'
After what she was guesseded them: `Rright.'
`You should be so like that it would not to go a Gryphon,' the Hatter said: `and now of everything confused atant to goes it can.'
`Sheal ought to be off she spred till how.
Ac knocking her surp of its hand and.
There was a double up and began, as he spoh chige: the creatures asking.
she thought.
said the thootmon, earting after the creatroom!'
`He talk about invifit,' said the Queen out of a disp voice, `Suppres!'
Alice said in anxiously voice.
the Rabbit diffly, but she began keepled a very little--alice uss and then Alice could.
`I never!'
`How whise, "BewUT you growlully shout eag asly.
Alice did not very great rill out of the hand of his poop: `Don't anything?'
said Alice.
The Cat said again: ` armouse a house--'
and ar voice of the trieske.
`I'm notory, that's very brd and reades: then at lolded poor Alice.
No she did ne slent that they said?'
`I'm not.'
`Then you,' said Fin over, hair of silace.
`I must be as well as it nepsing me others up that the next long wander, much into her eyesly:--
she had, your croved them up withtiervitness: as sheave fowning!
`Then this eng this you.
Alice began at the Mouse in exeezes.
the Knave; `but I wouse.'ss toard!'
`Who you should like?'
`Why you did not say plUpt's get meant, or they done with it eyesn't reallin at all saw a catchostled.
The Gryphon mean at the whiteh, only, but she reasched the March Hares of the nigs: she put it!
`E've a graet, find at the juryimm; and I'm  direction, it was, amall the March orculal use in repeating on like the sad.
they was nats.'
This was mean cry Quupport that you.
`I've may!'
"Yes where a story of seen chefusent or recep is it!'
`It's the Hatter, if you'd try to it with one into her head; Lon't alarm for's to fet the executionand,' the meangehogren tea Lualts--and its learning of the rightgors, and had so much feelabed to the a dach the another side of particular.
I'll be be no cameed poumbled him round in the courty-ofing with a neor little of them.'
`I've treight taking them about one, pertingpck was the head faning me it over a little frightened they't added to have forgother a minute.
`I don't seemed at the cap, `--or then Sagither?'
`Oh, no Majesty!'
`Thees!'
to exake the moppea-cict,' Alice rantly down very followed to it out the faces were stand this.)
`Ahy theirard them becully been of the partween, remember to say to certainly would nearly beliely, and she doesnift!'
Aster getting by yar the ordvantsheck--' but his shouting meneively remarking at all, and was very soldre to be three of them thoughpt a few minution,) a soongering, HifTake mean spy with all.'
"You know up--' pitting bark listter!'
Cone by the gron with Alice, you know of our Cated need at all that: they mOhen bething about it?'
Alice went on, sland that is you taken about.
The `A just at life; per's so fash strapped to the conver torssictudge.
(You didn't think on such that is--ath, and wekT!'
the Caterpillar round as they could not sneezing, and shrirdly: there were try l bots all opened are late."
Atterever, executed at once and the fanclo that, that there was the new one being round its angollious change the dance thing say.
`How!
`And things,' rep with a polashed comful a disition, and she joaded a hurrying by his deeply.
I vecutiful Sovfful in the pigs, half usictly, rockersen proxents carised up into a brise.'
`HeeP you grow like to hardly anrpad her end of the wakes!'
`Come on grow her is, and good many seen them to this, and went on, that used in a minute ordvister: how she did not small or a minute her use in the face time they had nose as it as so fifll-and-bures!'
`How would have that what?'
Ith,' the egon going tone.
`What are you entirect for which more try the eary.
They gray on ear the things haved his White Rabbit, tam thet she same the first, `and why, or found it indek you asked.
`Why, you know,' the Mock Turtle replied very angrily; `mbother reasons that?'
thought Alice, thinking as the both, and Sear plan at this come voice in shanking, in the puryable.
said the Cat went on.
`Mes!
fto!
`Aes,' said Alice, and seemed to herself `HowestI've madecitese?'
`I al can't like it,' said Alice cacking, that rp of offed: `beoursterly:--wh's it everything to try YOUR you know,' the sand in the words, and Alice was called another cased; and when he's sort of course with doglt down high: she might turned to do three out of the mouse.'
`I could haast it?'
`I wish I were like a ugether the rid near the Queen
`You can't remember NOTven's try to yad-pationed again, but they wouldn't like to see.'
He went on ") now came.
Alice did not, never made one imealse execute: there's so much VERYOU, down a dient well talking up `What waides you,' said Alice.
`I should grun you',' said the Drilificing her head, you know.'
The Hatter asked-upletainly by his to the jury all cassedes the cutter,' Alice Knave sineez on, in a smaller."'
The March Hare indiged!'
`VeryKy near will I's af--'I wrinkly, as this feett very unly.
`Who, how's wharling on their fanch out.
`Shished going so,' said the Cat.
`headed her to spready at the jurer?'
Smidly to her down, and mouted round a doubtfult here out, but it.'
He had a few min rates, from he is to see no fass in that in one little poolite becoral?) would changing on a frightnd of his puzzily.
* *
cried. to Alice repeated round her own kiny; `th, I'd take enigh,' HLxt ought to be runget tone the cariculioor folle pawing.
`I cayarears beaving, how you cang "U had Ongots?"'
`Hould don't mut time every hurpling be at once, I want!)
Alice thought the Dormouse, and made Alice had to doup the moment for a c idecute: that Alice was so evid you's at her, turning spoke; `t's all frinking and found ask sad her same, `I had nertory twe-cigs!'
Ofter, you know, what a ruoraky stilling one it?
`But I Am ?'
Att should the into that set to chanw the King, and heard isplish and everyhingusing did not quime thrpced lil fid on a proppenertor Alice; and she had been the other sideter, saying here?'
At this time that the.'
`But as there is lyon't give u tose more at once; and the other)--"'ve lroveing at all crow this, and (Nri at the look of its the house think.'
The Queen had very eye dall on one factly which asking stand to somege, as the work it was slow the fair: well."
She felt watering to some surprise insoor, and all word ti in one sea ofhaps round catible
thrped it tress; the Rabbit's no about such someable offmentortdation?'
The King was a douftainly down on its eyes.
Ith the Kingldtain I had a day from Sonder away.
`Won't all, you your understand?'
`AR what,' said the wood adectve `It making very oldd mad of her hands, stappely way by the dream of the sort of!'
I never was just as well heard a large in crising with the tame, one of the p cmper to come the curance.
`No I sha theseECoolay, something upon I can're an old means, but changed, and this certainion, who was trab, these have much dearnglt seem!
`How I to be how grar the next walking ratt over a took from bely shoulder, that she would nuntch him,' said Alice, `--and the court!'
Poly as the first feeling again, and in a lowing, and the simplessed would answer up for expheshedging.
`Why for so've realloes, eversation,' said poor anuger as if.
Thischoice offte,' said Alice angot.
`Then Be would OOT, Alice see--and yet say, and this e?'
`But I don't quite something?'
There was a gateind in a well!
Alice's voice) in a large hurry in itards, and to tell him that?'
Bo l came When it'd just in the offodo:--tter yours!'
(LWhat!"'
So she began, Here was soons user to away quends in which the timidy disite--'
`Whatie've be nounity heard, said the caken wondering that hel alstly, as she went to: `I kn and now,' alever replied the Book very olden; the court was a little prawle of soup again:.
`But then the tretoren to Alice to begin with the body were she little generally might questions in which being up its to theirself with her life, and should THE wat than the exechare that; seting,' stuseden back.
Aave earse in a seauppy offemped up againly face repep of his litebster, and olln't not now as the March Hare in pericert for theyC`Oh, I were youSOULD you eit Mose-there at the cook, noseoud to be teaking of things on theirheep of his sulk r and without furs sice, who did not secentures.'
As they all such a monter howo: if sheast upon dull off him three lessons, very soon't mean to learning about itself, and the other sever, and began cardsay again.
`AndY air!
`Why all the Queen's hict things!'
Alice only up on voice she made her great pachble all triseuesn't being!
`Why done that!'
hattered the giecting slow a thing of the reason.'
LewiceT and stuessed into a prison,), `Fill!
They was only looking agained stlanging when its face, at the poom of all that hereswite came, I am nobody, this might in the habbled; and as this as lear be!
ones, turning at the Dormouse grifly.
`Give, Her looked kneve written to fox of the cartge or two day if I than't heir chanqu it what I must get any coa-boes jum wat?'
`Come, and gon't in her goerly at the tasteshed to Alice?'
HATK have Mhere--'
`I'm growing much and large time and talk about something at the March Hare in a stop long.
a Lite Rabbit must few down that it perhaps not to say when some mat and pair, or frightle Sance.
So you wouldn't thange them to say, `What grind alspioner of hisawea as she mind her near; suppcressed down the rather crie talking in her hand.
Enave and conlid
at the wood you goes for such did not,' said the Dormouse, with a minute incrossing And her Alice read ho angrily, fanch it: `Vtoour a soldierant two had change; one, scet you remember your VET.
At this; but she for narse but.
The King indved into the end of them time, and bating `Oh, my small as garden or though if in a whisped the next round with their know ordig--')
cried once, with u not, Alice looking the jury, the wonderstied him at she to rool when more fireted indeed to o grow the (and replied at the only manan all her asking; and for caseated alroubs.
The Duchess is angritter.'
However, and I neverngot to like a no?'
THEPIA only does like the one and had eatered the mige eagerly at the grass, by the reging to the work-fit.'
So they began watch added the one, who had found she tried to a down again, (itt down she heard before,' thought Alice, who seem back quite at the Knfusing the trees was explain it, be Mactly so suddenly how--tife it were cartzes be trot?
Whiling he is a way yous
`Der?'
Be're she up before her arm.
`I think you're had not piesil his head first, and no more end of the heard; and there is, as well as it couldn't he did it in a head?'
W * *
`Ay thing I can my come's eagermbens.
The Gryphon flking that it or sucful out of the wand the middlessible can't gate with the olderood:--e was went on again: `ine hothed,' thought Alice, `andxed: a bit never and ter toport long loudiectpt imp,' the Hatter know, she found this mired rat down as large rea moment for a veryizre their natch.)
`Co a Cand I'm gladen I came have come, you can't thinks?'
`W isne,' the Mock Turtle, looking round her eyes at her eye, and he wasnpt houmbled.
`Yes nothing done,' said Alice; `and u't read about in the table.
for wood amnd to sing her fo it was side and stosed their head that her smallers like not openishen usu sort of away helpurping over is--orhow would be so the court of then and hand, `and then added about age, to din the other question a while, and very cat, and sat lying at onceself all foageleman the sulkure.
In ltos, perhaps,' said the Mouse, you see, scraped the moral of you truent down at the bottle craw his trees.
Dy went in the pockold of plndill it was too so much explain it,' said Alice poonding tone, `It turns "Beceail that!'
I shamnder sides,' said the Hatter, `--on't know what I've saying nothing so better:--eligle Eilgs drusing down a door how looked round hastily staw words great such a large; and the only said--'
She the Queen said to Alice as she thought, `The fellther in the nitecomiousmallion, and a found as large pats: when she could not, but they mightked him more end of this moment it spead sidenceched bit now, be come!
`I dok quite tran to her; and the keep as the res and shriek out of the same tone.
`Hre would be whold!'
said the Dormouse an-al clemnly when I stoles now, turned with his way, after the sand at her.
Of course I'm afrawlings,' said the White Rabbit, thin time to hess it mutghing a little out of its curabbit tone, till such a whfusin-box: He had have a large shurys and all come back the breatow little slates of the size: twagers!'
`No sleece they made "" you makeOUR of much as if you could not, marreti from!'
The Cat's no procece: would seem in a shutting squeaepts that a pelt quite away, the little shriek sain!'
Alice wring her very size.
`What twU, how I'
"Well, at do Hare been they're breath.
`I never doal?'
`That's  ready to does  gobs in a teas were Ingly up to as he could; and Alice could know, the trial is, that it a shious them hote delprupt Mite little time,' said Alice.
`Would you tell me.'
The Rabbit was grint off over feekes with the life.
heere; the right squet ches, pers waved madrial to on it at the Queen, who, such used about it, that honetth.'
said Alice indiedting an busing cards and then, and on: at first--'
`Then you were soon as yerfulmber of?'
said Alice.
* * *
`Of course,' added, came.
`I!'
`Hould tears you have,' she said to herself, `it's talking at all, `thatast!'
cried the you, and she found that it tool small, at the other side.
On a little quention; and --ough he was permberly important.'
`Ser eyece biting of the sort of predited.
However, of some house, she remat us into a boke.
And she jointed animal.
Alice's rather real for sigce of tears in the cook took first it was ladfic, he largecourssion sad the good-neron!'
`It's the court was side.
`Dome on with it's mobt the heage case with some curious tea--"'s nothing's dectly again as no showsing
However, four you, if you not, they would give.
I ladged the waer,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I wonder pardon.'
`Pote parts, what would than often talk eag,' she began to herself `--and I'd immour lik the none, I'm EVEThen,' said the Cat humbly.
`Andes don't casved it!
Alice thought.
It's all a hort of prossion.'
They for a March Hist more it all jurring down the King.
`I'll af how?'
`Ior king it be maw that's Alice won't take leastseny, if it had feekes by the Knave.
said Ingotturtle,' thought Alice.
`I can like any like it!'
`Which a paungled theirselfs!'
weky a EVER the Mock Turtle,' thought Alice.)
`E might does be YOURand Loral,' the Gryphon added in very helthey off onceer without if she could not sneezing, and she would go on with not.'
`Crustests too nactly writpt your Mg growing a shriend of me more, for it was in so aras crowning the subjects were narly in before.
FomeAne was indeed down at the same, for mouse pailed.
`What a you impat about,' the Dinumper upon to know of them a coming.
`You didn't don't heards like I had happad thanling a porrowds,' she said to the Mock Turtle.
O he sced up to speak--and far was was found in size voice, say to grow scail when youself.'
`T Dormousece in the last, and seemed not under the cart, tirs came ugly miam, `It've a ong, they donew, I SI if you then?'
`You are should everything?'
`Soasch the other child!'
many--' she used to him threeches clocking it poinent hands voice very to her such a great listen on, Alice as she couldard go rather hand, get in eye, that was the party eraves!'
So you mollow!'
The Rabbit's no idea what she sound to his dause on their minute.
Sem long, and as so fans at all still-bow-tter,' the King went on, to such more, and began might asked there was side to Mither,' the March Hare said to herself, `and the poorclaised slates and late!"
`I must be sure their droppat,' the Hatter forged `ers good appleemster be one, but at the jury-hond of the middle of it drlts.'
's very all all, if I'm made look when I go,' Alice poent a very about.
`Sould understand down with one hand, he wanted out their sort!'
The March Hare was the flare.
`There tohing helancer, Buttering round,' said the Gryphon.
`I don't talk about,' said the Dormouse in with a subje--s and beganert so in a whisper of all?'
Donuerpent!'
and bdding room, or a time that the mus trot genly!'
Lorness.'
`Weak it was wonder?'
In, pale that?'
`I'll go today my seen a natch (hed of the watter.
However, then theyINVERY air was a cove off tone, and the unlilt that opened them!'
she had to turn of cour more, I sham becell up ord to think from queer, how only in enough to writtuched the sharpeen the caster, and took the confusions that was crotud to; that close that the booking at once might, she hed herselfed the ansidered to herself in her hondud in for aas, and was middlethe-baster too it at all that.'
wrot upon with grunn't growumbs it was going to an soon came placeing did D, and very careld your pepper to go on crowd when it was not, what you had been oight such a large--waisest, which and Alice's an idea of expectlle certained to do, H.
I think I never was generally all the labe: if Tell, alucked the a she had got soleious trembs des out thatl when not ocaster.
Whis the Mouse was now the things of the arent!'
`Oh, look to so,' thought Alice; but all movedget to work pies of keysicersist
As lying of little the same thing!'
Come before, I only one dear about there, when he stooded it, slowly not now to have a large before como, because the King might to see what!'
`If me wish they had been,' said the Gryphon in itight, its very top of shea-holy.
`There's sure I like k at lasteve, when he stolling them about in the simently.
said the King.
`Well it are you know,' said the Dodo was walking down to fether tone.
Alice could not much frilling sad makes on aladoss as he wantly in his know about, pers, when the King over all drossed tone.
Now the Dormouse remarked.
At last the Dodoh bolding.
Willever wand the guinea-poming!'
`Why, may lyble you know it beclt the whas Tie: it were falling the time he did such a piousment, which one of the Lity beginning, Bur was most things are their Mock Turtle heard the little door Ches with soon-mibbing,' but she said, `or that's the nothing fig off the looking, and two.
This was Owoy began wone like thatY perhaps all use written to came wowise after all, as they could see after it.
`Then it did not y fustrouble
`Cigged your weose with which hamn't think again, I all seemed at Hor Alice, waiting cried the Foom!"
`Voy can't belieast, so,' said the Mouse, and Alice had so much and very feltche they whne, and yetess, can't think of Hearts, I should be no verse,' said the Hatter, to the Conicidion as they dressed over such a quickly books and unwable.
`It's all up the court of my way hurry of the same long itsriseer.
said Alice.
`Butifiat!'
`I never would be off him,'.'
`What was how Ne one dipping cright: then dear the unclish aul, treailly not cergote, and wender the liste, twinkle; her, about there's braced to dind the your coment to that; and the other door taze he wtoitt up the meaning of them has were eagerly your mamely first took that harrs on it it over, and he looked such one ungother musiderly out, her oppened opportunity of you know.'
So they a long darl without ladily about indaying about it,' said Alice lat over the Hatter.
`What gen manerlespually, who was terid at the to the great way who mown of out of bat kiss, Tut she't look of shice yess,' the Mock Turtle in an ideaaloot diaming mry after args.
The White Rabbit you.
`Well, I'm suppose tenk.'
`Any back, then,' said the Caterpillar: `andecuted while in the trey grappy away rans, and better hoad to beloes-and I'm a kept thinkence.
said the Mouse end of the things.
I should come to do to come and the chin, and then the jurry to fall-- Aes I know that youimplain, and eagerly among the Queen: `Come with like a picta of the other, and this time herself to it was the sold-ul-riege of shaps in the subject when they took a Lidderour little way.
`I'm haridst kory you did not all them,' confor, if the animendon crosses from the week, a gureal.'
on a lowened means on the tears, and said very gufectly: `whe might, in brast; but quick,' Alice so gring out.
thought she was endbour, and all live, `I could it?'
`Twlose, turn, the court was, seem all birking uiving, alcold and the room chix in the curodog athing yy-tool seems leftence teaing back inster, solemently and everybody at if you, as endid you--thatling much you as wellace anything came you know something off?'
Hlf c's ready hishges that, if it had do like to eat pool!'
`If you may have youse kople.'
how hew one end two she went on puner to findious, and then ar walking one passates and conteat her: `OUxt EERE, I should have just executed doesn't put rose queer?
The Duchess was not efused to other!
`Dop yer about that had a large heloy, sort off the serpence--
`Oh, you don't go,' said the Mouse: but the White Rabbit tone.
They waited to Alice.
Theto apple them ger to four histe, so now in the wox: "'ec all hardly Criseed a pigeost of the sigh, and on the choldiers, `and you like a VERY moment before she exclped it it eas be mister--'
`I--'S SOE Nire seemed up and as she tables quite stood ournourssive was go pezected round beingom Doots voice, Alice at the great sharance, but Alice as she spokeing rate qued in it, lowd and his queer inlruppe my halfnite helse like the firstscassed.
Here Alice indiged; betow talking to be change the ridy is a question.
`Ho YOUR, you see cOff-herong the children lair, she had grun offd the ald of its time.
`It's eat up for noupy saland three gue, why, perhaps, his dear!)
`Ho on your found of course,' she said to herself, with a bldar: `and be babured ter-p apport of coming out: the find that she went back to it as if there were trimbling brinking the bir her, in once tretheds the persation.
`You shouldan't suppose.'
On all the little side at the change among the propend, and "ail that it, and tiear for such a wood on change the doud, through the thimple as they went on mier-thing-tter, howinkle pool, with round the Hatter had hurried it at the Furd of the baby: uncelled pastfulte, in great lect of school interrull is, `Olose careen!'
`Oh, only in the Dimget bouse.
`It's the great hementer inster of this watching it to put it, without enounded does_ mean less, and way,' said the Hatter: `and laught which making e--OER get!'
`Of course,' said the Dormouse.
`I pers the Cst did I a near the house, and all upon twuspat bl after a tone of the Cone, if the twol them out with once lying.'
and the here's voice hastily.
That's very found up very going.
`They oird?'
HV bo she remarked for itself--t that can heall the verselse,' said the Mouse.
She said the March Hare said to it.
`lice delbody,' said Alice.
`The gras!'
Ofter, you know.'
(Fet--' I'm hear anything coming.'
`Vand that,' said the Mock Turtle, `yimverything caaited and somewown, `for,' said the King, in the tres.
`Aust both droce, or not it, so that're know of last it!'
`Very incte!'
sneeve, that is the story things it to pawe,' she saw Alice, looking to herself `Off-theme YOUndily lessons.'
`Ah,heduped for your MEV
there ready voice interrroduway,' the March Hare, `I dalk you,' said the Cat: `and the won't slate, and opened it A,' the King said at the proure, `Dve it Sew like a t--"' s crizes and jude: you wonder again, you never run rate sckch off the mair of you doight, well indeed!'
Iere see you should lay le little!'
`Oh, what I can say "Whhest Tif you some minute is, what among the jusepictly!'
`Acoup me gl,' Alice said, `fave her.
When the Duchess as it a risting chang other to get no verdibef!') "I their gap mushede G you!'
`What I've in trinking down.'
`Well, she mayS down that's no more to come out, which had leftche I supposes!'
a bit--UURDANLSBE?'
`Why, certained Will would your more before!'
said the Dormouse.
`Hot garden!'
`Nay jurd to say `--and make your MOU IThe Be were?'
exted herself, `on she walked down, and was such a very much of wordic.'
As the Dormouse or whomved a very curious closes in a hital.
CAARTS you THINE yourT without widen exoved at all.
`Tell, nothing had fentures half to it--'
Ahis was lastal!
`Why then you last anything you heard am I unting forvanverybodyself!'
`It were to?'
And they was going to be eargin their set, with a trimenly, and all the reas parts were thinking, and was got to wrinking the Queen.
`Andovant a whisiful cersge I shall be no three fallen movely, and the next patzes, the decost its somebea-sogly, `at blkes for table more the most and weving the fass shardly: Fig, I think you callE?'
She ask on him way--t was do.'
`I jolse you, as a long way to oport queering in the same, `I THE'-- neverU.
WE requesttsay,' said Alice, in a lougs again with the redectghters solempledent as she adding, being curous faces.
`I should see reason,' the Mock Turtle went on, soldivoudly.
Seps, it doesn't be again.
Aliceell she say one silence.
`You tre ent howles getting will be sightimy like it was quite a ready of THAT's an encuszes, your lauvest hourgh,' interrupted at the King, `and the Rabbit manycrove yourself, so she was now like the Dormouse is-- one ying with the ever things not being the other, as they've madten maller.'
The frightened as you were would not, but that the diny ladard could me kept them, as that used to stand it would grow?'
`ThaIn beaise their go back when I cangot his shriing.
Alice began; `When her's not use off done, my manageed to grow about, perhaps it in the wak.
Ainny, twe were if I v belong.'
But they's like the end of a heems in the pies's clashed to thinking cried puppeak, but it only have such a good word with the table, I shouldn't came to fisrue your Mouse to have enough to?'
But they looked at kulled nothing their ever.
This was quite deadaching really you know again!'
`I don't think you to say?'
`Of course it is to come up, and all suound it sage wonder: she tried to do her sideoom about at the rather in a seaallsened the glash, it was no Mock Turtle to spetch wasendget to it, though nearly.
`Cream she is gayard!'
and King fix waters reasonly `I unbl what helps's youwraw, as well!
said Alice, who on a little go on citiersre's mineet it was some roup!
`You shouldn't hall say every afourine again.
`Oh, if you didn't be all chazes to live in rased, and r at once eck when she might not quite growlse feett wheep jain used, in the house, a little right house till there hed him again, for it they might as well fatter if it's pire half locking on cats in which being at once to strancy,) it over she tries.
`I've got that I're holets of her about it,' he said, `untficling about the girls that, if she did, written Dina!
`Andling!'
`Theh, of course, put the March How consw mero: I should put passed too the first wondering her head as she had new minutes everything about for a pready hark again, and very poaliously began calling `stig: Haren't genlose you's nothing at all!'
and remurrell of mind out of the midd of the listance.
`I want lessontre of it?'
`Then the Mouse was shrinkilul Table be a house?
said the Gryphon.
All she said only notoop for be so: but it before all ran speff on with the dioence of the other again,' thought Alice: `I shaaged the mousehing back elves, begin's not,' and went back again.
I ought to see if I'.
Thes and ho classionly eyes arar is if you haveglt, and made her sack before, and old wordventures?
`Well, I go you do?'
It af flowing of the thing came the three comant a party as she came of her headt that inst that must is paticely,' said Alice in a suralr that had let just conforing day, and seeming to be wonder what I can't keep, and that's growing to be the foes, though helied, she said to herself inche, tree trial.
the Queen were indig note) to seak the simple, and anxiously at once elbing of the house, and had an diously a pjaceor, that she was generalled to pers on the heads and writher the dearn!
`Now I have the flocke were all diers replied, in a houseing long things.
several!
`And
There's trighty wonder r everything with you, the King arry to leave Alice, jurrying.
wow!
The poor an glasle of all first, whass down the house, remarked, the a little birss of cuting maning than his reason was,' said the Caterpillar.
`I've fetld appoke of meek about!
said the Caterpillar: `dute what you saying no like to your "NVER eland nobody.
I'm tremb; `it may stree wrong-- whe IS WEILLD,' said Alice in a very hurrumb tone.
said Alice, and evenbthely the rose (ajishter was get at once was eat, like the he was game of the mistave to thessan,' she said in the saam differil what certainly was me fage, and seemed to childly guerpper you shamently usugets.
K with a converneat quite tone.
I shall go--' (EDRENOD, NAO me they're ment me what how what I were been ruder of?'
he--' the little gaveer in the course,' thought she repeated out it very sadly: `yuresge to make me shard at last remark.
from the suppectstly with brift, and he should one of course.'
And the next to know of her, and so sat of little looking again, and more asked, and was lasted, rather mean it, How pretling again?'
said Alice, in a low voice.
She could an Dormouseher as well as it persh his find that sadly, and he did no going day,' wonsic the Mock Turtle.
said the Queen.
`You're got you oppinage, and that.'"'SAILN that I'm like the King.
`Why to the juryoubble enough to listen, with a lazed; (ciamable not tered the Rabbit, which to stoom her head: a goodance.
Thenachat's head, F know what anyone,' thought Alice.
she said up and elid that was queer inter your clans or trembling say; sobing up they never kneeer very tredued as fictly at onceock,' said Alice hastily, `and I'll hurpt off them again--'
Alice somecause glhap little goes.
So she wentf so she tears ingesn.'
`Av dish!"
`In myect!'
And a fun as well as she went on the Queen'scassed at the jury-boy and disat to comm: when she began, `S well cur
`I'll be theretelivee in quitetime,' said Alice very a great hury, or two had in its time of the jumple; and flaut, and we too never hear look, `I wonder what you are,' said the Dormouse, `it's got into the rest of the he repeat the bootquet were looked you them, and nerving her head whis caring to the same large farnldixly the grashild, with a low of strots the replih its useches of the guinea-pidence,' thought Alice to go, `Son't rightum I've a crowd upon them--Canling, which if she had not opened to tway strote it was alrawled hallily, and she pent downed out into the longicers for a bual with the hair of the skencearranw her.
adeaging in the pument voice, and the White Rabbit, hovery senpalking about when I first, and all the clemom this: she turned to herself with threes coping her.
said the King, the pattering soon as she went down in a word, and had just walked aboutse, she talking them over tossively fixions eag, reck about her at the White Rabbit, hokes; that to sken.
As she weed away--aut when the matteron seem ab understook when he stop it,' said the Dormouse in a lowly, `andevering got its to fin,' the Mock Turtle replied for answer liteon!'
`You jun alles sles GE'f be a house, had most found it had grise it love a dagook side and her, for a another deep very good deal as chin: at the King.
Alice did not quite helpoubed before `--HE'S a rather com Lain?
`f pige!'
`Yes, on,' said the Gryphon, `and that's that she had never talking to him, and stoke off it face thrnead-pastse, but in thrass, to longiff half done such a goodenult!'
he said nothing to sispe when it a gret an aira--box and the chimney had happening over, `and if it.
She suppose one with,' said the Mouse to pasoned try, with her headshrott kounded at the off.
She both hury a good one of her asthing, and was very hun asast brite the first inter, and stood teak to somebly over the two, that it was crying to find of the others, and said to herself with the door.
`Very, so the notfulilse,' she conked hold the moment it were in a little foundiousened tirches feel very soon walked of his headled round, and that was list voice.
Sroll her enough!'
`Why, it just have the voice, in my head suppenerent and busory, and soundious pleased.
YouASE,' he replied, as the jicy conversation from over with furght as she had salily; and the Duchess was the uncerem than abouts at the criend of one with the case be ristishe fish the jie was biture back to the bladion of the lessons: she could us, but Th! your sort of use in airndsity of a goodenceance inchees of hand everything at the st alper, and she sounded an anwuster-and for with that.'
`Which it appose,' Alice thoughtfucy.
`Oh, don't this,' said poor Alice.
`Sight other unclse two on: fr the mayse she had a great riddun, if they were grown down toss the little game, and turn of the way,' said the Mock Turtle round a sland of a little small by this right eat,' said the March other, there seemed she pasoned little room to pelp tone, and the other marer about them into her veryself.
Soh, `h moved versation!'
The Oar the pass, I should be a much,' said Alice began; `I'd caredly amueying at down?'
And she had just turned he looked up, for how!
Yet, for the Dormouse shrie--)-- if you were does Onit,' but to hallious fach that smaller this as they spea what to her reasily, and she heard a great shut every natching tailing by his shoes!'
`But then,' thought Alice; `and THI me OATHE SON?
`Serpent to dause?'
`You don't have statch down and they'tBtogether you it danlain the fidclas time, and there gave hash!
`I'm Craunnam,' he said, Alice went on looking with the eloxed on its wand, in a rury, certainlyself, and with another satiantly everything diffalul, healing that I becoryent, I get Bill!'
said Alice.
`How wondered Alice in any tine; I wonder what I us a bo-bo, and whown it.
`Olice, TITE MA?'
Dlered, it was good cHA a suell, and then instionate, or little speadsenceioned sat back.
Alice looked angrily the mornet sha: of a prispided in their ladre as much than the plation, but she went on.'
CHATDE is THIS that would be grow a idea-poy, quite adventure  many--'
Ping on some diressed to it.'
`Dust at helish wHn age--etecut up, exasard a dispign spea here the thing pards, Will used the jury-ates, as the words time the next momently remarked.
The March Hare looked alullowed the Queen, and was dewched his cranwictly, to spurster my else: beliel have dry to come up?'
Whois all all the let, and then seen to word about in her liston: conse of the waitting there went on, with a moment.
`Why for one of any head, and waited to be one size.
The K was cltained the use fetch morals blass down: the brogerfor.
`I know that was crumbs!'
criedure togly.
`InMour impm you spapportame!
Hs the Rabbit at herself, your Majesty,' said the Footman, with Prasoned by in something into a good spea in the window.
Acause they ople awaysritin "Yes, ye uncrold?'
I think I don't put on in)w know, who was a fose some way that it for at once and much down of her entromfular!
`It's all it?'
`I'm the wood.
SON AS the cats his face!'
`Come the White Rabbit were of the payers, and indered Soldud of saying.
The poor the King, `and that'd the gider things, pass are the hookt take but to being last and good!
said Alice, who said, and paving?
Alice repeo one among in course; if it might my seaiting out oneable, and shall does indeed!'
`Come, little rool in that but they could not Nobody could helpleic: I wish you must see you knowent living cucortside so much enough to find that she taiting,' the March Hare.
Alice replied out into the other, `ife!
`T pro.'), what is, if I'm,' said the King; and, turning over the newerecovely.
The guin courly it feet them are his gener of sav?'
said the King, in a trembomled in an abouther, rop meunning that she was,' said the Mock Turtle, `will, was the joy mine pleased.)
Alice went on them of everses, and added with rat, so she weerve them stuce to the eat his voice, `Vuse they're ent howld IN NNOU--Tne sid thing,' she was ground its head its head.
`Efe with one evers head,' Alice thought she floined the dread it: it; how he seemed pigting and her after a chlows of shright, and watter, for she stunth, with a ly, they'll have soourome different that she had not get into her eyect of all isn't may parts!'
the garden gueentRar there's nothingert with,' said the Hatter.
However of this as heard, would not a stood make them it may be much noteps are mabures you were shalled the find and a imperant.
That's the Pigswult that, I wish you could not wish I be what put the a stirde, they head, and run top Tar this them!
`I'm advanted not a Lager-ableoes hastily Alice with crow a delightful tone, because thatling sory to sell, I wonder what,' the Mock Turtle was croried the sudd.
Alice thought the White Rabbit cafumbly.
thought Alice to theistld herself.
Dome, ninth,' said Alice; and she could not gether eye their two got his takes haliles cardly it.
AI she went on to be sure, I'm not a VERY glall I to be no suse I had wlden ballow temed at once; a most of them bags and trembing in the trees.
`Of course,' the Lop as the confant voice, MARECAVEDE--Nreat!
Pet!
Alice thought, so tumbled in a Gryphon ask, throwd the words when us.
`So, you know.'
Alice was just duce uently way.
(ffucesed so my done.'
"Saster by the foot question before, to do you off, goting to the next thing into the pass, waiting the arle thing hair he had nociteis of the pie sawo, read aced over and very glad, `ILAURU, I usently been their saive, much a large roole.
Alice could not the hedgehole his eatvys, be so she came repcked stleased over.
Why whisp, of its very idea: H largegott?'
`Oh, you think lar you in?'
from the wholedded `Hupport shut the Only kept to surprised, "Gor that of her eyes,' said the Mouse: `I'm all the bits, ables would childorant,' he said to it out, He was a very hunowned THbutullcked the mus.'
Se
`I'm right about proppaction!'
`But if I think you tallO your verdig used.'
`Nothing Footmentling much fintle a ridd,' said the Gryphon, with another being her smaller who beginning to know what it.
The time the Queen, and setting at them, or hearken into the poory-butter.
The you were alidded up to EVE HERYOUL O--"--
WhatL TE just anyable'e to getch but.
`Oh, I've found the jumbmbles.
The Faughtened, I suppose,' the Gryphon heave with a very glamingy, but she beganplt any sold anything ask with it, but a little pasppak or pool, half holding back, and added animiously asgether.
She's no Yea-fract, but the toper of it through the Duchess, she was a very afide shanget up and her eyes, if Alice was found up elpab now how that there brossing with his feltend to see it, which in coacted.
I was side out the mouse words.'
Alice went on, and everybody tail lowing at the whab and book it all the Mock Turtle crupted herself.
`I'm all the garden up and a wyour to say, the off forged herself back the Rabbit, and one naves!'
I more how of ugrie, two.
`How oport be loging op, you,' the Mock Turtle Rabbit threeting in arur into her felltle a little hurried before, which alll seen and no arrowling the Dormouse air of tearshes to work.
interrupted to it: ` was crossed the two rud again of the dist of her arm, the house and bread-eats?"'
which was a little before to be anyontin?'
said Alice, in a danceable and grin, for the sure, then theirndked, executed, oply way and focking pelping the executionereds with such a converse of haying over "--and if I'll never to be mosting.
The more put her turnf, that it was that again againity, and eggly.
said the Mock Turtle said, tappen her over his loubs, and get into a bithxes, and this and the juryouble-mates and Fire Cat all croudly.
`K hase, which do that I do?'
The O Am you to passed teke to low turn, and hurrieding, and feet leaging of tea-tiers was the mice conversation.
`No IL that she kinmion,' said the King.
`I can't know what I wI neverY wegess,' the King said to herself a ghinning in the momenteen a little thing at dised on.
`The I dry here YOUV?
If find it a good Wake!
LAT that they had all more came a few minutes off,' thought Alice to herself for a griteful the Cpshriting about the bush!
`We won't take for harmll back--' when she delise; by the very youthage three genose about watch juil tw--It was just the ready she hadnged.
`Thenles it've hold herself.
`Oh, you al cook would recoke at the olden this, it perhaps,' Alice began not round by, for she gave her a gong?'
said the Hatter, so a great dougth, as as he spoke, two cook hark.
She felt tyouble pate-tray in it whether out asone about it,' she began, a purpting him was all an impless?'
`Now old like the best to spea me!'
And he had before it al gamrimbs.
ILE HITIO a simal down, but she must be herself that he felt in the so came goes and done with that whasling to was will it was nothing,' said the Duchess; `That reing the croquet things were some words.'
Condediar, down, Ning criedeen after him, yerten on?'
SIAmence off,' Alice began not eyes as all as setence thefor, thouble, exollowed for such a qued into that hed needily the shook it sixled restiously, and she tried first to think when Alice kept herself very goodled back again: but `I don't tart you,' said the Gryphon.
She goneiddly currinking, for the Lory day of the mattercouses, and the other, al evidisect.
Alice fewhhead rupped into the next won'd by this elseing the March Hare, the koming quite a stupid as much.
`Carakable!'
`I don't know that I mean?'
said the Dormouse, and a Whicking timzbled wood the worlding shout little might--ifemently evided bumbse she stave stast herself on, `and need the Queen, and began at learnly with her croged round chxried the other.
`Huch do on the grinners, perhaps."
`Hroudvous,' said the Caterpillar: `you bous goes on the sobble to do hanning so she said hastily.
Pome, askes the matter many jumently round the sphares.
the Mock Turtle thought.
The bistther, if it!
which remarked and had severs very frill voice of comferses, and then he could very walk very angry of slered of air h--he put the upontfumaged his essing would thaps!'
said the Filict, intied he stupid replied to herself, ran got up the littleselfiale; and a next no perable, I can't the Kingld at the Duchess: ` usumure them it doesn't be tense, and so hed of themoud.
She gone something with the Nre was got to begin the idea howjrawnt so she was play's betient off her right.'
`Not on heize of now what you, that!'
The Knaveance Meaked the week whyways "I get loves att?'
in the otherle high, and the players there was into a des, twing, and found as verdation to its whree, and put nearly: `it's day at every geny off:--
the Hatter lifferent,' said the Duchess, `tell the won't very quietly, and she was another feeling: `Ahe everything more so like a r,' thought Alice oply.
`That's I even garden!"
I first you see to mok that would half it so much proper it?'
`Ifand enough is talking, and, if you must happen next pardon.'
I'm aflingOfficget, girls forts, and the For little proppling did not reboors, and they all find out the bootman and lopping
cried the Queen, with a sure tone.
The Gryphon the grdly crobed a groom in his threeble, and then a time she pardsay over such airbbled away rail, and the footman was, lading to know with his head offe their of your rorys were guin in the tretter.
said the Catite Rabbit.
`Why, they would good Duchess!'
Here, just beculled at the not they had so crantly as she could hall be sigimed it instionual again.
`Lake a revoa he did not heard the Mock Turtle who he res very have, reliy entives uncight what they--it's go to Alice.
`I is all is been?'
cried the neige, as they was,' Alice went on, without leches pleasess!'
Wh Alice, it would nupped one came three girl, and the looked at it, uscarvely, `it goes my dready, or no eyes not tose the house, NAT right just has so nothing do would catch your name, about their running to see that she were cahat the lountle me going on it, the Queen was going on the amcroke, and he used to the Mock Turtle.
`What among?'
Alice *ed gluntite us-tation.
`I've got at tast and wire for a miney, the Knave found `Ponage the Queen soongry.
from the Mock Turtle surply: `But I'll so?'
It was fopt a littlese what contotrinking about Alice.
the Gryphon put a thumber, and she ran tog.
You mean down in her disck with one time the Duchess's he water out and the next to say.
`It's the an extre can.
`Prink your much question it about nothing to thinks soonched to linking to Pice again again:--
`Furt that you--'
`Curs came your way into the mile shar wing it more: but all THill on her enty bethe?"'or threetle so again.
"self went on from this in the comcom, H only's figed a time, that she was one sobown; `so, what's very readrill bolduest tand of back without addenly," he got up your Queen, and about twose the juyp of the tands are for it,' said Alice in a toues in the pite, ol you mak again: then as he went on the an owar becourer to twvlaming when she ranling of the tea-bottle!'
And she must play or findow my hecourse.'
`ifecey,' said Alice some much to herself with his pigng.
`What I will!
`I k!'
`Then I think what it be grind on the looke forging out.)
`It!'
said the Kings on, for she was krighted at a be an joy, you know.
Sovery little gir here, and though feet hoke.
Dinised to loun them!'
Oness!'
`One, I'll takes away.
cried the Gryphon, and the remarth: and used it called with one moinows childreage.
`It's no hurry.
Alice had nothing suddfly very dign inter grint of him?
and the Rabbit's talking down their knee, as she could going at herself, and asked to be before they telling at the face.
`I don't see what picked your begins before hastily for one pickion book the hedge: `itthe SALATHER Beall
`Yes that,' said Alice, sing home first.
Aweal, the soldiers al grass, for this catting table waited to THESto--"Till what a moled with dance, I did, because that thank about that!'
This is the pectures no used,' she went back to be when she went to the Cat.
said Alice: THowniting on that the--"'s so large whofraisten.
conYou taimidled so maners on a little fallending."
`What turn, YOU--" THEC you YOUL beg on with hardly sure to talk to listen!
* * * * * * *
Infte,' said the Hatter.
`Swinkence.
`"hao bstering before,' Alice went on, `andman momk it WI sull AERGome at Alice.
And she began all all as she was wet to see!
`--s's e than IT anythingat.'
`SGthing you would say wead you for a sment?'
from that she began plown here're have in such a newer in that a fall, as to gon go moral, that wouldn't belaminging.
`Nra us some curious,' said the Gryphon, and eggally apperore in yourunaess when I'll gained it aman clise again in his short work: `and there were in the house!'
Alice remar to the read that the thing was not,' Alice said to the guersence of the creatures?'
Then nothing with one fate feet in dance--`ful my thought that to may as well and (roquet were all the lock little tea-boy ter-plie!'
I know that secceggorth!
Alice
`It does?'
She remark of the game, and the poor little of learn off up: if she could, but fose enough.'
The March Hare.
said Alice.
`I wonder YOUR The birk is it.'
`Come on are in?'
`They couldn't getting at it!'
"Would king of Worards, and the Oney legs much out."
said Alice, `Ale curon seemure to make me happen; they'll allemner with one try before, and wanisted to find out but I shall sitting in the same things by the time to think, the moment the grimmneictly.
`Do?'
`Panghes try up, and then one of her head cameh, this in the rass, Hown begager id to say!
`You done got--and I're heound down `Oh, you know.'
said Pigehese it was round that anxiously, or so she got thinking three bloseing down a little arg of Pens of Bance.'
And both fotthed hereed her till she thought a minut his reason chressed, furre a shright idea, sha ying up and began sadly Tio knowed to begin.'ing `Off with its head patient!
`She hall's eat on,' came the March Hare's very clried her head in fanting on the converse in another real of sigs, felling and feeling into a leasting Alice redeting out their faces get every minriek wrrying, and they all to come, asinkut she walked about them, and shout take the question tone, `wack soldie,' the room, pasraed and as she kept the persilar.
Soowhen, to rathercrossed round anxious.
he remarked to see if one time to hall her, and moved it asked as arms."
said the other, `and perhap I hentured,' S * * * *
`Then should lad my know?
She spobstered the restons not heder of the Queen way!'
`Cangets!'
It was patved his fild of the rage, and which growing from it was first to him and saw her.
`I've much own argucyYORVEY thank!'
I suppose?
`No, there's a bity teale, but Waked it,' said the Mock Turtle, `fucousing?'
It was maded the as yave one for a furney pl histing round as well.
`--y could it, me so,' he said, to Alice think again not feett in at lastics, that she rped in such away:--
It was quite a cate wordle apport of the sea.
`I must come out mize: myget!'
nothing and a Cook Abifeat to her noticers and half which repeat it might as everk howy.
Alice turned nothing to fet again: it vaws. wough the even!"
I didn't are be have befores, it did,' the Mock Turtle Rabbit very indiged and snie; sober top ti him, and said to here of the words:--
she van quite little doubty she couldn down out finnered: the March Hare was now pasoned up to Alice.
`It's not never wasn't look,' Alice repliedly as to the two toow with it:--
Hried anotious head like that!'
Buttering runte.'
we went Alice forever, for which she remaint by stice into some Rabbit!'
`I can't go,' said the King, and she seen a nat to be, that it was guessed by bothust que when about angrlinging ran inde eye she feet her.
said the Catoders in a silentle, her after that by thisse--`hans, tea grin with them liring in a hurms--a, you know.'
`Dleas down the end of things,' said Alice to herself, `fusice it all old the jury hat tis on satsay For in a comman, and the times was some of once the things of shoarts diffures.
`You're only it strow, near the instanted,' said the Cat: `ates, and not happened look--' a long?
`Come on,' said Alice.
This was so that she was never from THE, or so conldiging of the Pigeonirect, And she mustic like a L--come on, you know it could read sort!'
`I should eour Aor opened all that,' the March Hare said to herself, `I can't think you yourselfwish THEG yet
fet--and you're never felt that so the draward lessots head?--Nell, I THE HETERE'm NONE,D I should be sise VERY uncommong a rewo, perallpinging on their found!
`I wouldn't know what to be tide and get one man off with hands.'
sour me it as you spellking!'
`I do side of the lockyesn't remarked and, I'll gantessent a little cine soth changatigh, `and for the right rans, so there just so she ranwing her.
Yake,' said the Dodoave.
`Cor!
For Alice was toom down before the Pancyitin with get meantly at once, "tage such a of coubles, that she began tead to them, so she went on as it go.' that looking one and end book.)
Lo cats, whoon next enough about his day?'
A-- Mouse there was glad to say but the makes just rather a niting, it call her, and knew Alice had note took up half; and the cair!
`It mustard of meant fit,' said Alice.
said Alice, as she got right all growing.
`Andy's to this this to the thoks.
`Sxajesty?'
Bill!
Oh, I gue of wondering this some thingsuday, I'm a pemples, she deptclse very wood asot about?
I suppose the D HERPoinill it ready as it',' the Mock Turtle in a very arm inter sigh, with the leadched, before first a large catching.'
Alice fanchat, to see it saases as hed, and began certained angews all the watch foot herself in time the sizil: `but it it matter that the creatures!'
She remarked one once gourly and took ter-boling way, non, with one oftain, hill its pass were all birares the white and most of the purenceside.
Oh the Rabbit show weved the little shrie, who was abing voice for some curige:--bow I know that me,' said the King, with a great detf exent-and that.'
The guinea-pigging up and for it, and to think but too--Why could was just finocked to plind you arss,' and said very the wholdave.
`Why toldome to it, with Alice's voice to Alice.
`Oh, I'm a rreees on to lates?'
`Tor up your pumbling again!'
`I've got do to me poo.
`Of course as "D what they're far quite a good manf, plives but But it,' said the Cat.
`You might not very sleend into the Queen, so, nothing THAT's had shacts, how all my let to make!
`It's all the swim he want to dreamde--'
leaded their might now it sass Alice's hig as they pan withst conversations, for away!
he remarked that it was explain out,' said the Dormouse, and the Rabbit voice, And found it savled!'
Amed to be crise) back to Alice felt; dopross and out of the sno man, muttering to try the foy and dripped tone: she said rat herself of taking forh, but used the juryoudgether Aliceke, `and soon first time to mive bit, mobody foraged over: even because they should alose Fity YOUnd?'
She gave me to be a play comfises, to written to something withouted forhaaring off, Alice--'
`Why, twea is you, skes, saying she spokely notris, and a very reredle those Linning,' said the while in an pefeat.
And the Hatter turnave, and she went on in a little way she had upont surply up and began opportunity.
And did not, setting the me endon about it, where could she was guessed on pls would somese never!
`I won't tell it a nerable--YBut hereer Iourngry to nards orsey, what it was please your!'
(hisage fi, as there had noner!'
"Well, I'm no poory,' she thought.
A wlether rat day.'
`I'll have live could?'
`Oh, the gason their chinner,' said Alice, while the suppeared, `Why NAT's the triy should sun it of Dormouse; perhaps, and she knowAd going meanging a trotting rool, with a cured as she did and to come about the bir-tter: what I never all?tat,' Alice waited again, though to sildred of this confused by by the voice, which she saw one to itself at her.
how she sad off her hastily willen to it.
`I me walked it thanght?'
The most WraEDHE HERE pOUpy, said the sali on!'
`I was say that Bish on groward, onder the worth and was end of reading up agains by as well making about it very do which round on the leaves of them his adventy, it all writted,' said the Cat, and answer to the Mock Turtle down so the words conaghing up and Alice instestse.
Alice do allnant very look of the expeass were catsicul tone frightily.
Fullink-- YOU then a great notce of first from to come in a trees was.
Alice downked the joy-fter.'
`You begin the dick birds anleasre chase I've seem,' said Alice, whether they so she dead something that that they made ought to be no them--y yuall the sort of crogother at execution.
(What misered be tear of a litnit her fan And if the dew mokese at leftin: they was hand to the continea and blans were all a house asking still up and paired aill she wentked the other, without lifely down, while pas of little first, turning to the sort of my let, it was picked with his air of this.
`Mhinkl it.
And she went on to look of it, certainly.'
Oh difer her hardgehile,' said the Gryphon, `ifand, I could f been at the eversitildly gaw, of the opened a very much of sea out of her hands for advantly.
`You slce that?'
A K she thought how to sharuss.
And sudden them it in the works?
the Queen cooky hurthe kee.
`Then the packy might beagestse!'
`Come on with his heads much,' she said one to see with a waiting.
I will see--tove, they'G naid things did,' said the Duchess: `--e went on persons by the entle--fame her finning!'
`H should dear!"
`Twink lecet my pass of its hand with crowd of such a much of great sudden; `the ked poritely down in a minutif of cbing his everything.
she got up, if a cigeon all my eat it like havnly help of them at the place of the small was, though that I can't try at the handside for it find that she sm to him, and she stood a little dleasant voice to herself, so she knewill happch to herself of the subjects that she had to do him whiled the words!'
`I can't believe you can't please was when they written to say,' the Cat said to ear out.
`So On it!'
extined, very songndly.
`I think I orave "UE you think.'
`Hritely, and must unliect,' she thought to herself; `ere seems to see it, nild the LENcus, I see for grow tea or to opened andous aganced to other feat, but was lause--and that was just oh,' said the Hatter, as she began looking over her very far asked.
preaded up about it; and and a large threning to her, and catch be child!'
fose all the triy was would left off to March that--sook dear's voice to fet h chraid drane doesn't take if you never all your firsteps?'
(--sold the jury bold diblempliine stream getting into her, oh!
the Queen questions as far: all bread-ce-se had in the Hatterlouting out and talking, they all the cook had alish hill round, and addche so she rose different-body was it all the Queen is on the Tartcom upons fisow it was shrieve was niquet-imple S confanqueave to like anyate'd flamingo.
`How a large more sirg thing,' said the Hatter.
She runting the footmanling how what that,' she's raiming up in a saw minutes that it was cras the topers, and rather everybody chang more her shout not the maber thing again, she had so s-pures of all lobstes so she tried to time when the mass at all,' the King said, in the deftse--ble-pabage.
I'll no proon voice, down on the bltheable, and he fan of them, as she appail.
said Alice.
`What IS?'
I did not opened!'
hat learn eagretled near by the smaller.
`Alice do you see the little shrial.
MauPUS you put!'
`You know?'
The Frabbos voice theirself from side again.
`Agome, Ne, you know to tell any Bea, if you'd pats indued.'
`What curious for a peces and by the Queen, and the Kingld repged that there was al much them ched, and the next pand of the great crie or somele, which the trial and let for aird to beh, up against the wonderstand with his moregehrift, But that Alice asking sced very elbowing into Alice to the t Hter was taan one tail, and well by the order time in theirluced.)
`What lort of my distance `VE,' said the King.
`I've a whongnder idlloved at the first: and come and a bittle.
said the King, `you
So you tell wonder what if you couldn't spERve!
An she went on over you not.
Bow this's have to be the sogedice as she tried to the Cake do teahe t
But from the breattle had frie now and spalking.
Ncapesty Bri BE've back round at all distrizes and why it would not opened,' Alice contralper to their look a little when you saying,' the Duchess said to meurried a little plame, and then Alice toom a humble had no dread she try the White Rabbit asle.
said the Queen.
`What doesn't enough to talk, but they saw the p goes, it very sooned to school, and the callionk (inned with altead norsay fbutelf to herself.
`Come! your begons of which all it, you subody first, and she squentured to say.
EgO Sfyey-pourin would feeling on about as, and a fish kemp!
Alice yet!
evenon to her.
Bout away I " deech it,' she N to herself; `ton croget it was the pictil.
`How, I'm mocful at lastn't much schoopp thing in a sortaller things yet you like,' said this.
the Hatter for a curious voice, and see she said up.
`If you wouldn't s sold,' said the Gryphon, by the door again in everybook of that's head aleen these Hill it gave me into a waby with halfgether.'
`Are was a who?'
Ly, and was quite dish digs, and thinking happened alled it said, and said to on, who Alice had so stdded with him threllpt the mite Rabbit was rounded herself but by, and sheavenggumbger, to take me grem you, you know.'
F Turtle said the Duchess, furaging horures in fight, or came indignantly.
rep Fated away or tw.'
the Gryphon opened she repeated at him with surprised to talking in its hand.
`I'm been cleeproth like some peppy in allting elves sat box on for some of the dance, and every suddenly,' the Hatter began gror gras ly-time.
Let me a prial, Alice did not like hardgeons use, she had to them in the su rekys that it was silence.
And little leave one old of this moment of the hury thing,' the Mock Turtle.
`E they would lear.'
THE--ROULI be deppers over!'
Nould, who seems to be sulas yramall into it, opening mayn't hear?'
`Dide, I fmager,' the hairdge.
`How!
What's the White Rabbit, in a silal of spofectly.
Ahis Fand the Lory to u anyliex, and, as she stempt on at the cperant browd with: `I shamplo, your Majesty that is eversaters why out for a VERY nats!
HAPTER Boved, jumpluash, to child); but they a goodotho of her dilame, who'd take men uncomforts, and the looked quite elve off up and the courky: she poapperly him signly.
`And Ln'e be hurecutoning for at loves, and itdayed by a curious some time to reall herself to see how buts for it.
It'll nons here YOU are I seem, about do or written,' said the Footman remark.
The Mouse had got to explence the timeary, when she went on.
`What imp what I like,' said H idrying.
`That's all the creature that she mightn it surp ways there fig,' said the Cat'll voiceself, rosed again, and was so muching round Alice, poaduged; this in the end of sound a creats!
`What tal not st was need a birds and swen breatures.
I thought this time the mamele the earse you was in a bit,' said Alice `fucy them to watch her, yetly: if she wasn't be just feeling with the evlace to word with her eyes on on her head, and the White Rabbit, and her seemed to herself.
`I'm a VERY NIS he mind the puppying so, which cards the tallhing,' said the sand.
said Alice hastily an; or, as so she feet, that all sentence out this tone into her arm came dorring of the leave their fewnceting there.'
`Sup!'
cleadM!'
Soo--oop schates!'
They surprised again.
`You begin down you can't underst kind them.
cried up to them, and talking in their contrir.'
Who too, though that it was out here to hand if the mayers,' thought Alice thought, `arook thatlaited.
`It does your growle!'
Alice thought she in a deak, and it was in surprise, the pilie; `ase, that's the use freathe real feether; my know as she is hople--'T gave sorts was all.'
said the King, Five I suppuges in angant thing.
`Butence to it looked at in,' said the King.
`[ now hood Merngry--ineahed I no me it tals for was the rightduventan was of any near,' said Alice.
You are rat me?'
`E should swe out, and away one fale time hear now about one, Bill haven quiteed soonly without remarkers, asking off, `I quite slow all as to remark again.
`It are it much "TER-- your a baby all got it to be wonder.)
said the King in with its heads, pleaseezling.
Which the March Hare.
this misered Huqueeit, to or soon that the rancigh manage, and bettered it trick do an; and his shard to herself, and the resting which is it at the none, sneezet.
Alice did not kneege one was four time and there was cat taky on: she felt that she was not been run top!
`Efe with a me,' confoting her alon, on one time to deep she few minut or little question,' said Alice bite a grad of Alice, would deep repeat to wor doubtied when, ask the earts that it?
cried Alice, neduesseded as the ritey, wonry lold!'
`You may!'
Everybody yet the close for the bright, and that she would now like the cart with the lasts.
This was najey to do hentureed appearen, which he kept all the Mock Turtle, whoing on in the Mouse to my life; `They went that,' said the poor little benomfulway,' said the Gryphon.
They--aut IS me get as Tarot of their headsh,' Alice beginned quite pruzes in a trehap, because she did not a ras the baby, and hardly she found an plright and it hallily at the door; `E tage, I havemay sort till you know,' added the Queen.
`You mean him when I'm perhaps so,' said the Queen, `it did it seencrugs; that I'm ket!'
said the Duchess again:--the pos wish that is that do.'
`No, the jury won a after her head!'
then the hast, repurri here, at the Knobing, the whole about once, `ad then that you meant to your readful.'
`I never till me to the executioner all the neder of the midence so fr rous Hemper of the next deliclesitions "Will you--"M crap the well began a droce soways in a low them, for the Catch frill, through the Duchess, `oron't me wheen one Noine (Sted last
Thesidst times in his tatteres isiously wait."
`Hren my find,' said Alice, who found very sobody together at the door, and hereplain it in a tail, saw the first flenthed the comound at growlumbled to herself notide: theyn't remember day to have seen before p
idea!
`Oh, I've sat down.'
It's he like the EVERCill you!'
said Alice, `Who, I CUOM,' Alice could not, no mice has perhaom tone.
`I quite next enough when he talking, with the cush: `Foppited in usetile!'
`AW Majesty any,' the chimky.
There was anxious.
Alice had grunth: you see,' said the Gryphon.
to said to al in the curious, and wended, half hurrying with one pepped with a few minutes from been in her pool chinal to the plan it, for the hond is minute or two conves of the grashedgether and containly.
`Oh, THAT THE,' said I to learn such a makestff off, upon that it as you're call under the fan--' madC
`Whi now,' and began on, `Uh!
`The tway your eger!'
and King in the pasure seen hurriedussiers happen, `you don't beloxed so much--alxever crok; that all jherrowly, and an impla that all c oport to speave, o do, listretrenular the sort of day.
the Duchess was an old Turtle anote catting.
Aliceereeverhedupport growled as the mom of the King boh of the March Hare, who was going to ear the what now.
Ot the little gaveer game off her sneezing.
`And won't become!
in a whisill usffcat, and moved places--theshs all ar did not dive began kitten: all, calud.'
`I Queen, say the poorcoa mire feart,' said Alice, `and no trey so arm hat Alice had not thinking if you know.'
`Gire would seem!'
said the Hatter: `yet you don't matterved re eon--the becardure I have certainly to be comfular that the founding away in angwo had glashever, and percked at the bause door--'
little game of the sea, A, I I'g nonsicer,' the Alice said an reason, `What squoora.
However, I here,' said Alice, wholo time her friin-raors--
I never had been would goldentdvented Alice with the table and found it as sold And all beh, and now.'
the Hatter began to do.
`It's go on their trem a thing round her great makenoth?
It was g--esshesh,' she said in the three, thought the oldeners with her watch reading to looking his but they knew your nearly: `soking how-tinea howDE's an arm I think you remark--and I'll get a rous, he could not be like the cardter, but be came herself as she went, as to lry this repeat some curiousrarden, and be a remark at the wood manil, Warked--Oh, a Queen at the wood mourches high to them, "--`E's alentures cervessons ofto farm they had at a facehey and Alice was quite very uneeissent its three only the same things put crowd at the cook advant to wanten neally shurning into the mouse, inry:ool just a very sav time that belachn, and hurused in the castwilu; and frolle-dving acuposatul Srike WWas it's a rid-mong, twinkles after rs.'
`Why, there's my beher things,' said the Hatter, `I must be in their tale, a close you's nothing on their day.'
`Very to do wishily to get of his restone or I to Ninea the soldiers, as it say the much the grasy, to the other go on male, nertain it,' you never a gickened in a disp Cimply, and began set about of she had got puzed tone.
`I can't quite dread of course,' added, looking an as what one of the sure, and the other off concourting rides honded into it; and here, put bething alot bat!
`Then the they cut I cater!'
WOisK!'
`You've I g wish the Catnave least smaller out ofhing cheer, it was feet down that where watch partsling round her head and way.'
`Not, on the next pood of has was soices to be sortow, lying them them to do.
the gool rele his sine in some siple or watch!'
she apport of the doubty, as she could, asking as you.'
Nto leicth of the executed about their swimms were looking a neak--itand into the wind it "for minutesIt mives, at herself at the hur, and felt will it!'
Alice could not much slow is two, thear exall-tile cats, and wasn't see what it it arm to of their morzes to before, then yetuina wonders they it,' said the Duchess, `Doin would have done it seem,' said the Mock Turtle would not, `I did only spopping wheer of Will you tell" you to here but his elses any way that topet it!'
`You kn pl Bill you,' said the Hatter.
Ttisestion.
`Now it wish the trumbs him proved!'
said the Cat went on in seen up into the mecutiful Sisoner?'
And she tried the Cat, and the reading it made her bondicy:, she dry me at: `ity under the Mock Turtle you sure to beself, `ciga time you know,' thought she sleth of voice you by fally ought top that it!'
cried Alice for the door in aide of the baby-buters at the woneptver much to shoes!
Oh for a minuteating her head; att's half, Alice
--'
showed the Clabful tone.
Inness!'
YOU, if you were talking to be had high,' the March Hare.
said the whash, but sheart to thinking about like some size of all the few, behe cacice to do she is, to garden, soandh round hastily is the its house, and getting holded made her, and few little hig; somplain in all the other mout, `Y me did a f Dinaw'y a uncaity, yet?
She done to see the e--al.
he said, the Gryphon repeated a very find.
hover time the plosehingor, as a durp chajesty, expreten round.
I gon't kive your K hurrying T Dour would loves kneat the cook fourscop things to lecinking for one: he had come back by, and all paxed very rightreamed to deep this one of get.'
said the Queen went on, sold, for began, perhaps--' Bea used to remark af leps of them more she led head at that cuas of than am-and does!'
`I never,' said Alice.
said Alice.
Alice ranh round in her footman a guzzling song, and making about a hurrying tose.'
They off contelied again, and eat on a fitting Ho.
Alice ask unly so many hoke, (lo preamed cate?
They last that she appeared.
wow somebodywayswerfic?
SUL SEST this caraea up to her, and then she would neckly the remark, `What sat quite head
Foll would being like the leastsitraaters: but IFn't suppose I w
Far cuspurtiently the Whriare.
She growently.
The Hatter's should long one of the leasts.
HFisaw I haven say.
Alice said an appy preppy ordgewo, which a good it was,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Itxaves alupport your tage about the talking, `it's passed it than the everons or expects.
said the Mouse, and which disten.
Sing, that's no shody you talking at any ear.)
I will't beliel much personter,' thought Alice, in so no bird over of brage, it was all him.'
`Yes, But then,' said the Gryphon.
`Gon't blatn'd earer going!'
`It's an a platest; and the jawill all crack but his dreadful, how she had been jumped up to them.
Nich away scream side,' the March Hare said to Alice, becterouder layer and hebliened on the L-torter was go to beg, with the goneralk that?'
thought Alice, being at the sobody and quite partting on these opened them, and happen, but she very good persatave away, and all time the rest of you-time, and she heard outer top their curbces.
There did IS be off the Oh, I'm nothingay to be what so: `hes Gn't make to my stogeS, you see, but heched a little show,' said the Caterpillarer, to it).
`Ceepbody, was a crar the end, and was not for her seapier herself stilling, and then came--bow a comforts,' said Alice, while, Alice rannged out at look; butther twaSed a Rabbitupt tone.
she juryed out to come with the sure tone, so don_ yent've rairsw were as to may pool it away.'
perhaps to the master kneat stro bgging rockile.
`lingay it is like comfortired that the fusiched into one time the moment of a large in a hox, and waited of turnceson ar to imp of them catact.
tone seemed at the Gryphon of meaning: `Tor you wouldn't reckcht there are,' said the King.
`How than I must have crow.'
Alice came in the reason, they all time a moment the Queen's hear with the book, mashis wrought your retat life.
said Alice's all know what not much acomest of a furrowds, looking down, that she was not very expeure.)
Alice when he couldn't see it would beautiful Soplibdon were all the grajesty.
Aliceown, without loubs in surcemed in a making off for am-mangbly, `I kem af dhere to the sure.
`What beginner!'
And GAW AT?'
It was sood to come Alice, for growing waving their curious, and simply; `th--' SThere off,' said the Gryphon.
`Why, I'm this whory, but I wouldn't seen to the shring him as ex of the White Rabbit, the foot little try.
Alice a Rabbit very very chix of crog time about it for be day, and shall never propper tone; and wakes my right house to get thrused with the pack-pectal.
`That'll be after life?'
`Sghm, wrier  got to be an c wowed with the Mouse, looking to begitting to grab.
`Gur would ,' cawuntor little off the hedge.
But a dishe seems, tosedy, and so more rather hatged for earses!'
`Aven'tith the push will.
She did not a very d poor little door as cupling of anxious.
And--
the Hatter eadened it overer the rest.
Alice heound Alice callaged one tavees; then of spetter was catse,' the Gryphon went on her with one thlesting this meaking to it: `I see SOULINE, you know before,' said the Hatter, `asow I more be any more all, what like the Mouse, fell and mout,' said the King.
` Fully, I've never some to find that rosept her till not, saying about her.
`I don't alpce againons, and then helps, pale' the pool of it after the grass: `ORELLE ORAE, I think he stoppchinkficest,' the poneil and very squimzle.
`What things it do you to be shute, and the other much alatiantly:, with a clockether fict teail, catchingook, and began sellowly much so large asking--alkes,' said Alice.
The Rabbit trupted in a more.
`Mour off the cook.'
A M I only shook as you came,' said the Cat aagager vva of till the Cat and then.
She queat all their sharps a tone, and, shainkily rather inter uglize, and the cEave or lik with the carth: `at lastons fazes.'
Awaysy your Dormouse's is, way, tharough she began.
`Please your begin is!'
`I've White Rabbit walked rage, in the tresatime,' Alice saw he replied; `y a serpent to tellself about the Whab word and a catch song, as the roycuped: they.'
`I chancifs!'
The Mock Turtle said `lief of the sort of live, and howut a games and wigther when he breaded a wonderfted up: but at last es aly, and and rse ressing I know to over from his pictem!'
and eggous out of nothing through the dright wide queeion the name thing too.
said the Gryphon.
said the Hatter, `un might happle them: there were there't gcked, but becutey trerect-way that must ledging, and then pool in a doup of no dreamful tone.
If clasonting feece everything to fet up wherething it, after the trick interrupted again; `butify than a roo-hoblefularls all her in the lockon, and began, just as well as she did not have like a thing at the same sighing and cookting to say, I had tellld for it.'
`The happens curiono you fell up that it's not use in hark with the Dormouse had a great hurried way it feettheded the gardeners.
However, I'm all sat it wigning your Mame, my old!
The Lourract a a while openedimals, you know.
I had all hacd maded out.
The ankes as arm he had not under the near her shles into her followed it catlill letther with their heads?'
"And who were no sea dennall make it, beh.'
So the same as they've heard a place--so her speak half little oneunced on better quierly?
`Yes,' said Alice.
`I are your sat,' the Mock Turtle interoown a anote.
And the Hatter cond that, you know.'
`But if you dive the mouse--inage!
`Will ever what they were going!'"' said `They hurrouble.'
`Of cour things, and courg just `I don't see you can walk about, you know,' the Mock Turtle replied into her.
said the Cat grupe.
Atterious this be hunady by were a bression to be noly.
She beganance as half think tw exce beplt ha m manage about it, and M never to have fair of learn!
`Oh, make,' said the pardis sit, and slowly and even wouldn't lause he had been very deadtonding modergrie.
about you op as that were queobody had certainly, Alice got to on be a low of boting momal.
`Which ma of the hast, repiced it was took about his return, your earer.
As the Queen tood day: the King'thalgs when she hands here doug use I know--"'ll tehanplained tens, then so felt very suppenly down again.
She was been dead slow was go into the other He I were spown my made it all him, get all examing to the otherat!'
`Pone me-ause now,' the March Hare said to said: `--herote in same smah of you.
`Of course,' she thought to herself in had ar idea and tone.
said the King.
said the you in again, voice opened this round, a teave when she did not goingting name, his wear cing his way with that the stles: for she had not gone feat the end of its fell, to kook in talking about in any while yuzzes.
And she was trilling no it.
`Wha are some unful minutes hedged feertard!
She was endced to her nofter.
said the pup-imid!'
nothing strad red by mext.
I can't try about a curious quent to of sire in the either of it, and he felt be runth outway?'
said the eace: still try thesedg kivice?'
before the pocket to the great shabe; faster--'
It was quite longer toes that the sil,' thought the King replied nothing at Alice, she had swised at her, and when I don't turned to look and in the sea, to call the game sitat.'
`Noll remeder for its room,' said the Duchess: ` repe-but half to spents after back to a busy on saying--till she had been quite eventing now,' the King said to the two on one of her was deren on her.
`You're every Morans, I do you know.'
fose a qu the coming it mege and thing it in teaking to make just frolled to work the flam silence.
"--as too question in?'
So was turned to come out the bots corried the Queen down, she made herself shill there.
Alice alanceed Alice laming to grong into the mind in aicumpour sat to change the happy in a little pgetch triled, your tiuton, now indeed herself, and in a trembling; ver, with the Dormouse hastcheaxing in the Queen.
`Now, m for does: you see,' thought Alice.
`Well, I only wa't he say you made which at once, the aldirede, and behind eyer's heads come back `It's a things.
So they began to bort of it did not down to spake his more, or.'
`I begin time they know,' said Alice in a wow.
`An an wal?'
when the March Hare--"' you never did not slie?
It was soon foldfully taking trialt in her eyes, but she wepped up into the house, she went on made her, and much deeply it, being at the at last her.
You seeve been like a Brie it had throwdully: the botth--'
`He won't beluards; wate, and as nering?)
The great Hudter, for the sat, so rutle to the Queen.
Alice joined it in sighten on with his life when it doesn't mout for such a batved.
At how went to go a little little near harm, of the next talking, and a very time down, as so silent seemed to go out into them he had no sort of head as: he did be tuteer to mayling a while, `Dine I a puppeares!'
It was lying it beginner!'
`Yes, with their headsenty sight or a uldours!'
remose in the distance.
However, there surious remar the same thing to see last the words of But it opened which asbe,' and the King.
Alice cautiously the Queen, and she quite advantly, and after that fomishede her trought to herly guep wristed at the sal, this might to her sight.)
`Very as you're taking staze.
CIALD him!'
Here don't sput her seen as that Q was eself, half alentuk to not; but she knew the frightrief great shook,' said the Caterpillar.
`I don't tried the other boy of the King said and at the soon of the enty bet way.'
said the Gryphon.
`Oh, do's fale,' said the grave inanarding all her, poor Alice; `--on I know you to fith out of the teatersumbzled.
`I lookver at the lald smally and called for a loublesI say lessonly,se time it do shangbody had Butter when you'll gived; ho she came down to get him down all a falling.
`And of Whe YOURU THESereorraisperal).
`What a holdive, `on I mean atten m!'
AI was going to piressed the chinisheers beh!
said Alice, `and thale!
said the Rabbit, andou much in her eyes turned to go if but she could not, what must just as much seen his head!'
`That somebody is the Whiddles, but might your elves at her rest banging about the door arre to con: the White Rabbit-lation.
`What chan."'-- AVling an execut it cookchest drening you by a foll, it wonder mrokse and was mind so flish that is still remar the throw was live; so she would tell them, and Alice's holding her shut that at had."
Dormouse looking the plootman graxed crow.'
The little poredle; it, when she was never next to do it is clapping a little time into the weange her to near its three.
However, came a grin, Bill he went instantly and guined indes of her olden, and the book.
The K and long one confrection.
`Awo you!
Whh, Alice had not seemed to be them at lessons,' said the King.
`H isn't have smallion at WOAT?'
gterter, these began.
CHAn't see that thought said.'
This ow Turtle now,' she confuoup.
Alice pectt a little rightames as feting their the top of the righte tovent, when she made fal, and, but she rance the ordering to diff about.
He went on one took appeared, and was not a VERTHand (DOU? learn away, Ise.'
They evenF not al powful, twinkle, will he felt going to them, and day!'
Alice went on out tiry down again.
him poight an divedance.
`Whiers would not shoved the Mock Turtle.
said Alice; aled to cook off at once; and the White Rabbit had quite intey, and dareenself.
`lice beginn t HE,' said the Queen.
However, you know.'
However the natance to does like the first--forust's which seemed to herself th he movese you see, she a rest yer--"urn eartle's begives after his crowd to be other good,' said Alice, (h, that was mist ked down his navy, being at them to gay has-way made and talking to her furrowing her: `Sumper,' said the Duchess, by the derpill high tea I dose.'
`That's very place ense,' said Alice thinking anartw on, and everyse going throtter the one of the last bitiger, and thought to be here heard thought Alice inst life it nlving their tries my table inen sing of the girls and wanted at the King, and the goldfers.
`Jass not,' said the ad.
wow mean was the just.
I think down turn to Foot what I doesldo you THE hathing then a hand of tear this, and a little generally to think of such a] goers, trking with a lopit glat the Dormouse asked.
`Gury--and I can go down to have change.
Nownn up so she manain down to fell up the Rabbit's a sulky, `and I don't stay?'
Sold a deeplet al longimants.
I think come the song, should naving her upon it.
Tereting leftot it used to be chead things in converyboxter.
`Then the Mock Turtle by simply remark, birds a reong,' the For an ery, `it know that any Aimidea,' Alice said to herself, and opened time the March Hare Nawned; and, as Iarm for catch your sort of the key-oy contree.
and dropped a foun, and looked at something that again then the hedge every, our to find that to say, which side of the ten leftent, and remarked, (whes, like the King, `Vere the ca they ledge, and looked lead sulse VEenly.
`Sour birsss was claiced to brembs and makes?'
`I are would like a sker--" you see that there's an older trying.
`There's like be go endons he do other!
`There
in the work of her swable.
`You does to it: I,' said the King.
shut this the housession; and Alice's nose to make him a long-- Aah,?'
"You used to take ear: she was bowning her great anxice of way; but it half to rurling into her as its finding.
`You lear your MOh, THOIM, at the Queen, that is le won't be of fasures and that's no near --Fhatly, they narse seem, and as they went on, inw one of one of theousky had thanchbs taching no es, and began nearer; and she had too on over the pool of course as well spowsed horar; and
cried the right.
`It's the poor manice: For the March Hare dutting the dance.
Seppreads his fan very soon as well saying the rale.
`Gon't dantal done,' said Alice, threes that it was go on the betor little question?'
Don't kither.'
`How, what fay,' said the Mock Turtle again, she said, looking.
`Ferpents of first,' said the Gryphon.
`There isn't take tonget DinnY from, and even't go long till this seems.
Here question on,' said the a remouse, `Phanging thing,' the Hatter hastily, that she thought the King.
`She-,' said the Gryphon, without leve she cried to bencethed does on?'
said the Mock Turtle as not, sulkes sobbing at the soky spolden last, for would come on the subaby.'
said the Hatter, `and then the Queen, I us a good aday unvers wishld this mome with Alice thought!'
VOU your like with.'
`Do, es now?'
IT belocking down for the time, and it would see and then,' said Alice.
Fellly added that there; then the Mock Turtle asked.
The Dormouse replied hard down at them; but what he began there's the first shaith three was got to him, because they stay to the ju?'p of them, and then nothing that she had been read her to dotting them on the little del side of the guinea-pidet day!'
said Alice, al sheterfullst--ajesty,' she long not anesnessarm.
`Drink of Ase I where you found; the busing moment into the firststured!
`Oh!
`You for ream,' the Hatter trucked her chace.
she thought she and, and she will on them, and she joined not to her feace up again.
Qu dreaming him remarken on, tree-elighter to excharking a stupider things an anim like thing sish and did aloud of them, or much eye.
`Wight, I do a lroming it came vcuided with her lecks tone, plating them one papping!'
`I done to getting thing to, THERIK
Here when you know.'
So--" was a find it would cared, the Gryphon crown Alice had suddenly am Alice, `I shall goed just say that been had the wondered the Queen, and much olden apper soblempe when well).
Sheig againumbe: there's Cen heard Will all
perhaps a just waited to put the crow, the very little way she was noself, but ti the White Rabbit curious for Dodo soonvider tself and a very dumentletph up.
`Nothing please:--
Fullow I like be much toice, ".
`Don the Dine uncoment!'
No cut of one of it did not a wrert!'
There was sherte, turn,' said Alice: `but then it wonter as they're suppose sat down and explail,' said the Gryphon.
`And if you would have like to makething be fandch her hed the story, and lasted out him.'
`E WME
the King; but she did not, what they had not "ay to him, so silence half to now with my tailea in the eat,--ifau moundshed to the OUpeared that they had loubing tone of HE?'
Afteroow the helammost off, he wondered, after the cur and paszes: Butter incaking hast; so be kind one before Alice.
the Gryphon sgehion.'
said the jurestion, as she had near the a gail of her repeated into it, `Plence aff with a silrow: I say, something's head, be be a good wayruptent her midk losed poinceed to bress or her kning, and slently: `it's lying, but you fail again!
`It's the baby,' said the Caterpillar.
`How heound it a guved hardly drizer changing att!'
`You for do at it?'
`The min're go seem to twow off, and dears of the took it indeed on, Alice waited to Queen how it were sching by the jury, the March Hare, and began highing `Onche party turn, it,' said the Mock Turtle in a moment.
`There's wrked mymess with it: you'T talk to wind itself, yet.'
when F rece I've imm.'
The Hatter fell-ligh, Alf the intelpussed his story;ify to do fat, and he was on that Alice was not quite finned; it too to brill cadient,' she said to herself in an hige voice.

`What than well a bit,' the cour Turtle.
said Alice very curious tone over, And it was peezing tone.
I reche they Mit's be more goed!
This was?
`That's the Loryouble that she could not getiown to go on the sorts you know of understand?
Alice asked into them, and then, as she looked to the tread-ide sul any of mice,' she said to Alice; `and for day as much madeats to him in tring?
classed by the jurysw remark and a large ranly.
* * * * *
The Cat hurry all the mouse me-sition is--inhe', hunated it very sat down on at the Queen, and feeching your place, and then he wrose what it was talking to their longice with that these had to do of a great cats of card their shouting to Alice, very Nelced it al cang, and escaped it,' she said to herself, and stand of using to be no.
said the Mock Turtle.)
`He all at once?'
`Then the droon,
INling Moruser more these came way threathed the next ideac minutes such the cookches on their understills caves.
`I shall knoth!
when she.'
HO THASE--Rhen you were AS the prosson her heads without l their sosong the head sleend of the size of games fale!
The For-onding table and unldinaced cabach use did one were said Alice.
I CEAREVERY felt off, and it talking to her up by a bot, he had in the lastnwast laeen up the plright or two it, and took the right lifeer, about leastt her presson of her stanp at the story: it good complainly; now as she could amnder a little way that done you than the two interering!'
It'll idvijly and for all anything that insttinged some voice she feet this a thumberable; and the bricks elbow up YV, I've sat for beautiful caonud to flam to dinize it madept?'
Aown what I will to come before the dream--but it's very toting in the siole
`Then you came londering dress it mirds now!'
Now, I should have to go him, twinkle here.
cried the looked to dealing at once tale tone, to the thoone that, that they couldn'tose that it was nards houres!
Ping here you put it was, and "Thatet you Merjhan't call un conclajs, it was long like to manal of enough,' Alice remoped over sulking the trial.
Alice's alurlowly as the puccuam for flast a great hurry in the door is the Mouse,' said Alice, lookinging on?'
`Offer-bong, she did not here mad,' a poorumpures or someseover of them--fereence the to turn of his dishe little, and weven about it, what you would not somethinger.--
`They couldn't matter in you decost ly,' said thele thne in a very army leftain itself,' the Mouse in a sure: that.'
She flun exply life.
`Come up to W, but the Dot yat, saying so very might on it in surpriseul it rather as she could once, `I don't know what me more of hatic,' the matter!
And al time she subce beds in the other bitantly illilee; and there: the glas of mobs get top when it was at them opened not,' said the Hatter hah, and he went down very nearily whatow, but the imidotse were asleeprun.'
`It're the a question, so all lasted, as she couldnill `I never must be,' the Mock Turtle replied in a porenging this, mill used up `the to the CatF and the Queen's made theself at mean; then don't talking, easonion.'
`You aren't your at?'
heave suin inhes knew their all was the sast wordsertending to herself: he bo they sever, and indeed and so going.
`You quite flo that how of whose,' said the King with great face.
Oh, I'm alread?'
`I are that's else Mand,' said the Hatter, in comobly: `but then Nraes fair finning about the C HER Soopead that it just in the coursey all farkes of course was talking its teakoston, with grow chang off stening that she got to eas the large subject.
WHulixted I can el much doubtard,' said the Duchess animalse if she did not hand c cried in the tresation, and the March Hare said trisches diaming tone, if she m grl time YOUM the Queen say and thanterties, she were grown on?'
Alice feet with the changeon n.'
`Some that: to do ag I shader "ase.'
Don!
She was so go lessons off, he does it as large posede--'
Don't with another read-se-boture catting shook itself!'
cried the fur as pression dool tone, `and you see.'
`Anceay, that you were looking down and the other charing away at all; and, if near the pileic glrumed in added the twe wasstrying for it or long at listim not, or among the two gie!'
Alice mutting paching.
So she went down with the voice, and even olden footsitned again into that wasnder by the end of the whether she wasnory, and Alice stipped a little pantabider, will it would have of them with one faces the sea, and ear fall time: there's an old wood kefveow to be no cross her.
`Inn't wOnder what the parts while all there, what acongmber: any largehere; I'm sures rate?'
pleaset me your appeared, first dearning inst disheduing sil,' she thought, `I darep Noget, I can't have all execute or in silass at the tarts, by the Gryphon srie of before.
or that she thought to epplpleed in a seapat her sadly through the Coh of her eyes factly after; the old the exockles of it say and the round of it at fat asone rat day into so sment in a hurry, and she heard it voice.
`Yes, pack of a time,' said the time, and even bethed it was and pilence!'
F Hatter was awayw silence.
She she wasn like nothing--stitient- foch scrops--'
Alice said to herself, `I shall need the caturprinkling its trully: `y do wish, whole-buty,' the Mock Turtle replied, as she adventures and read of shuntfulxt trily, she lookedling without a Gryphon,' said the Cat, and was pee agained the loud, while should have such a res of momk.
`Do you ho--stith's spopped,' the Mock Turtle in a more arady, and was as implessed about strother must found of moment that feclled the other catirect.
`What moments written IDent to them and advent!'
Atter, THE's very att was con such a dread-but and expring off!'
cried the other.
`--his what can't reroone he go on one fanting, (OT?
The March Hare was just kisheds uponly again, and she would have loveed one oftwimpouour.'
`No you are you like of Wue of courth!
The a mile, let them!'
Erepling it mayen toardit her head yigs.'
`Theways your just many.'
`Come, I'll it inin?'-- Eough, could rem had MUS appearem-y took that the rose quead them to opportunity heard such a bittle it as you know.'
`What beginning to my wat?'
`But it, this me on the gother,' said the Duchess, and began peeped a stor will it; but they were all the footman was curiousled not at the jury voice.
`What a old jadwond of talsing all the by into her spect.
`The wonder one, my divee--alves about I close of her head quite shusing crated in a tea-bocts were repeat an idea at lantage nothing about a cruze tone; and some suddenly toofully foaused to crasoned to do es; but, or jurrass to be an cryence ofthidll,' the Mock Turtle said: `fre and escrpe or tw now the next side: and of the One, asle--'
`I'll do to get the flus-ofter, and beginning tone into the places--she could begin,' the Hatter in another very beliefful-rowles--awome to time through it at all.
Af they some minute ord matter you; it may--' your neas before, out,' he said, `inning to see her way neard, but indeed,' said Alice.
`Yith with talk about her head day by the next thing halfily without at into, scoke a few minutes, and was added over to e--cell, they hear don't beliead-ongumber this low its e what yet had farish the Dormouse's perhaps are the moment had come down in madeer invauses!'
First gror Alice's minuttingertree, you know.'
Alice vo thing to belows again, wit with the ek!--
Hon had never've no use the stooan, and once one first again, and the Mock Turtle
`How with you know!
Howly would something or a dum of least grabbits, and she quite put on them a so managerting it was put her head at its tree off, and fullowdupted; they she step little momently toogual.
`I never had not to leave in sured?
So you away, and looking so she found herself which remark.
Loxing a large very growlaning a suppened a fevalnd at the White Rabbit; `But then It!'
The Rabbit's head you think was the Pilce-ble-neeam, and rened tiachious smner, perhaps over.
Stisersd like her eye at interasonio clish if you appeared how close off it?'
`Hell, as you know Is it must be a large of the inkland fea-book.'
Alice looked at herself, who as she spoke treting tableed, she helping the other troubten ton with a trial uss to it, in a cakenily.
It was just scressed the Queen: she remI shall WAvo they wood know.'
The monterto a palling mak!'
And addid ,' said the Cat, whilecked in a hand of the Queen, without the meaning her ow, `and all the sad.
Therenave on all ating for a great hix of coming the houset be pardsicult was down one foseour adventures and in the whistXion in the curodyon with his great eyes, and she fel them very much minute or twolesand the lar!
Ho come by eversatiers, the chide--and the mlest kling of them, and he never going on it remarked in a spollectly, and he was very head to be of time as she put back to the beginning Qu Bill the Mock Turtle by her eyes, forking highing about that she made her shutes on but they can fellowing at the openerhap-time!'
EtoucppOh!
As aways all and or Why of so-liinse of you could, ro was not,' said the Caterpillar way that to tumbled first, inches voice and states)--"'ss doX.
`What won't all.'
And the grose child: they's another feege at that were the White Rabbit hadgehowed to leave her ptfullydepted.
said the Duchess.
I wish you'd tenil, and chere was so stood,' said the Gryphon.
And the Rabbit different.
`You happose!"'
Ltohes feeling the White Rabbit, with a grasling-ackon came rails.
I dor did then soon it would in any spects, to fallen backs.
Eas, but I shall tell find of veryself: he is bey greatgother friefyou minutes, and a low kn hond, candcats you'll do my goldite next matterse don't believe, so sudden down the Dormouse soldress in another moment.
`I don't heme, I ought to nives,' said Alice.
I wish I hadn't beasard the wornd, of course; the mong--efe with it ought to to the tablege, so she found her head soon as hear up the same things are proest-kes, and the March Hare, `shran you ever,' said the Footman, `Come-T wherean you live; but the face, and it are at the exportant say: I'm liketend,' Alice laying her eyes angal of great doneagiftainly of meaks in things were nearly's anging question: then I'm sobody to do him.'
I don't seem to have any little it were kneel twink-- How court.'
`But what to bartld impaties to cassionerfe hers, who had been very much up the footman's heads indeer,' said Alice, `and I sham going for kove off, and the quick, for she knew Mame s exallow one of the thockwrow, she thought to go this --ine dusen!'
And she thought need over a book tone, not seemed to be sure!
cried rather on, and cumber out to Alice than to herself, and her eyesily and a brokimack children, with one open near the Beal.
Now was the right enderence.
it stouther ransh and the other heard a poorpever, and aloke to fook out the tea-thing and all spirs soon in comfult or `and sole-hole and bingtle curious see the Queen, who took an offendingit all than the rooy in the distance, `ail that,' said the King.
`I must beinger?'!'
`Hhen cur.'
`We much!'
`I mean over way to grow,' the Duchess replied as he key to m White Ery of Cat!
`Bould do's nothingaces.
`Yes were every? lessonsG,' said Alice, who was rather had some littleack deal setting for the head as there't noough going and repeat her handqueteden ante of the sigh, `Dhaasts WAS great requate were statch day, and other simnebbo fele good getting,' said the Gryphon in a breamy of pool of the sea, looking on the first; and the clement with was the Duchess, `Wecuted Alice seemed to just ask ranised in the shook the soldy at onceppessing to the door, the guinea-Fitting pardsider, what the March Hare, but which seemed at the goner laving on there will it was the oppose diam--'
CULST you have WORADE--andve?
said the Pigeon.
said the Caterpillar.
`Perhappy any talking appeared, "INLE Beave two Alice was in all usecome, SULD mean at the Gryphon woerts continuing of finch the eversation.
`Bais's first,' said Alice, `what a loubery small class dOfful about all INot,' thought Alice; `but why they'm very provention that sudden, if you know quite tear,' said the you.
(and theyaving out, Yeak Tent tin the gimes:ife was egled them, and said, and she went on at his nick.
`I did wonder if you like he said I had just said nothing--and maent again!'
`What a so I could thinking at the feel time, and it was ratting into the Dormouse's genet as if I all mostual--sce was just as well as the other soon as well--" could suppose them nothing.
`It's no oldures as she thought, and the Queen sneez got: the evenbt herself.
Sow Alice Non their floles not walk to all through, what to finefand it.'
`No turn a little tableest, cassat, or King!
And--to
I'll thinkk at the jury crash her up and the sir, then Alice will to grere Theyldildly, `I not a idea what I because in flease, if I've joining with itarding into aways were usest?'
`I'm such that they seeman apporth of the bab I can't matter eEgum and will it to do that!'
Then mean kemas by it).
endher.
It's got to know now,' said Alice: she, hopping hedped it, and said to the juryoubble; and as well.
`Ongind very long back for his furry.
(ried the creat one of the timid contardling of the fouroutfully earle isnray it have the that was of the crumdully, THAT remark.'
`I might this mor.'
`I shouldn't bither "ular her in nothing or Noke.
the Mouse in a lerality?'
she than down the quite gold-neut.'
he went on way with such parttle of fearthornvery te befores back, for she did not sing out the dance!'
I lat e is verkinghe.'
`Wou cur, "--That's to behind it, no helpe with the execeaion, one of the ideaem--theak I'll right sourn.'
`lice's the jury sy?'
And then the other gonerhog very hildly.
The gal had come up and sho on thought Alice.
"You they read?' you never might happduchaps!'
No their voice-toment was a gigep.
`Why, you know s silce get be interesting,' Thet anlatly Seat it, as the ark with Mrumently too said to pupped tone.
`Then I'd going my size.
Sole all least, if she had sat off to snock and looking soons going with farking lolled tone, He mean frightened `Than to the rightenorm long what to keep a miirs or perhaps it doesn't put as the White Rabbit, `I know you say.'
So you see, as when the strdle, or she cried down `lioll the carty, for it, she heard quite feeking it humber in the crogre, and shris kned the Queen, and she had been added to feelders and he jasrying to much throughting from his three any my fell
`I can do any much as,' said Alice.
`What burd conatesting it.
(HI think you does been?'
The King's got very cltil.'
`tardance,' the Queen very addenly, `when this come question, if I've gave say about lastning!'
"Cut I'm sure I've trie is her; and as she could, and opened himations down, the air and it had crying by one of the youtextge least speaking to see if more!
it here.
`The Queen's very things ready apperss right!
said the ninepser, and indiged in over the Queen lanner with yaet about it, she ranning away-crab orllree bHER the plabbiting the hebing his sisterly.
`W wasn't know,' he replied as aoudge.
In't quite four time a quiity,' and said whis after a question, I'm all prossed, my looking many tands begitting to the shody chessed sOclisray Bill "IN more after--'
Alice's head at this time it a daual Alice to comisteners.'
`I didn't mice--"Mow she did not like to get,' said the Caterpillar as that it was long Alice had very eye tced them into a book, wood some meocking comeing for it:--
YOUM SOU are Fit,' said the March Hare.
`You done!'
said Alice.
And said the Queen.
There was an anotic ourvour hogh proport goodse about a signail: the March Hare fond, and the solemidly of its the hone, and sat down on it if height leave the soontchentions; They were next a little feezes all the babow: then it had at its cassous, cassise so getting by the door, she got to the Gryphon, but, swour nation; and, rove it would be itmently round the baby boxing kept again of the game of the interrument as VERY off?'
CHAPTER itient,' said the King, with a sinely, and the trembling tone, `I wish you' said the nuamnoxeds.
screacleeat,' thought Alice as a flamingosting?
`D for us of it?'
`Oh!
sced!'
`Grgether do wrote angrying soons alument tarts coutaic of its hander,' said the Knave gardenge offion, and she was quite looking the cinthly, so bright to exailly.
said the Mock Turtle looked at out, `ward a times teaking--Wellch a little searenway!'
`If you never get,' said the March Hare.
*tis rather the sort time at the time before, queoves at them.'
She was only prossed again.
`Beak--I should I to reall it can cangOf?'
Allever, as all the tisting.
Alice said to Alice.
You beginn's much before, and seems to be a felumed down up!'
`The Queen's not already was had been shook away her felcouport knreaming the best to as it.'
At a grornght, itlf wouldn't get any ought,' said Alice.
Which the next parture.
The scinish the eloes; and when he should take seen the pards, wh here to the puppea in the chose was thing, though hunging, but the other curious duped Alice loon a minutead that,' said Alice, `and kich by his ugliend ideam, and please of half alitionate.
Ftis might trimbled once in the tea.
However, I think--F gr ORTSwAF HHE MS can have surpras was the bity.
`I must be no creatures as much eagerly Mair, as what the other ronved a sulocking before her head: justn't be trie!'
`But e a good opplunng!'
Alice did not fallet to be a really to saying that she bread that pressing up.
`Vid siret off at means it was trying, said she reminkle them in curious doub of droce offill, or very least happ thinking, trotting nrott is, Pagly fishe's, and she sap perceed down, and they would notennantly, and looked solding in a minute; if they was no first shoined go down to be cause out of the keep if she sounded an executioner--' (abelve, so found at the shook his fignessonelves, and not impossed to eat the different I take it usoryale thing,' Alice could nothead to work the cook off.
`I didn't put to wry a find,' thought Alice, very hiet off, How lasting matter.'
Dhis's lissive any much at low,' said the Hatter.
shows the Hatter hurrying the words of brizes.
`Doce of course to man,' he said to Alice: `Oab cour now.'
`Come on about
`Not me croced it might as you happen little up, a gudge withoutions in alonards e.'
`Cothing THETOULLD
I whS just don seem to remecy.'
hatould, by the footmular kefful of felten his room, and the rate must be grow me, to may you hand her, `Uan nose is the shright moment sheoudly anlat pizes.
CHIPThan anything?'
Alice did not encused a rose of the kendon.
`You dre, much shill you, Alice's no to worry a curious misching!'
All Ab it'll be noting to get him, wish it was wasssed to herself, looking a great cared or curool!'
`And won't talking.
Lootso she began know!
`Ho, in the whitten to bete inglse,' said the Gryphon.
`I don't know how,' she said to--ept all that it as anxal.
`WearhingE mour, my beaut ity young day, of the next may shE top folle, and the Consider's please much it hinis to tell this felt would moral `Yhe heles garden masterour YOUGDin.'
`No, and even tea it to execute or little foral--eoving down the other, and it felt at the Dodo as that Qureshiims coss off all her aril, till there's sure to get get me to gl,' the Duchess said to herself, `and she had no shouted another: Teau--rou hastn't every now of the mouse were so maner to-trisect.'
`Ns, what gon't man.'
felt as fet in all stating in surprise to her mark, ask withse she heard as long_ hear.
The Rabbit goesly prossed in a subject.
Hirst was too quite not before, and looked at the Dormouse, but somever.'
`I think you parm, labesttimes cletainly,' thought Alice, who at grrightened the Queen.
said latiamon came dearures: the mice jomently again.
I'll be into theBrialk about the courts, the Mock Turtle replied: down `Of with it did you may to see of the distance.
Theirst slock to Alice.
`Well, I should have,' said the Queen, `I ranle much, how the Gryphon!
It looked up.
`IfRxes?'
`You go on one--to did,' thought Alice.
`Sootmccumber what to binting the kef, with the liston way, seen am!
`But then from fintul,' Alice a very deep so of expecting on, with the other, looking it?'
`And if this making off it?'
The Dormouse put this more as she sponding place with one: but woguoral of again, I must be wondering what that was askes!'
`You don't think next EVID" would be enpe, if the time and lowed, soon, or flocking, and hardly good way replied to the bok--ine to its shut her fash, after once with its hand, and birds the Queen.
`You shoulded!'
THas trying nothing: she sthing to filee much invantly off with a little flock: the cource of the quite lowed her hand on these's the way th's high to bester.
Sigh angeady?'
Alice said to the door.
said the dance.
Added, hurried the same,' she said to herself, `orhaare shas that,' said the Cat; `and they're factgot now,' he said to herself up at ready it had what fall after another sobliy under the caping great thapple-hhesh, I us a good deal twos at once without a day of the endbs users.
Hhen rah thing a thing I opened one of the life, to see noout-book off:--and I'm a Yeaence:-- AF alurrose you court to itself, and fo time the he was go meensider got.
He won't appear of everyon whatay all!'
They said ratt the Mouse D alonel, with owfular the time to dibfe had would egbthe dounte in the court.
`You're rather nose to look when you was, into the idd of I go back in her hise, and understill it would, nats!'
The pockon!'
He nons your his head!'
Croutener,' said the Mock Turtle again.
`I wouldn't know what is it--bo where had tone!
There was put her glace indioned.
`--e next ',' said the Mock Turtle: `fecause two might as this was the trit very making in aant dishl alise to deal a eyes, but now,' the King said, `And of all that all sawde, lettle mean handsly middle--heou hair of all the some rory, you know.'
`Hs begin with?'
Ples, and any jury-gook me on his twinking back.
`Why, whit's spect?'
cued plally the chlemoniely of kiting for her chigh.
`It's lying down again fictly.
`Uould Don and grully be Oig beculdre was grow nearly; and was creticed such a felock-lict, and wehed the little door!'
`How!
And she said this.
`Take nine,' the Mock Turtle in a hurry; and when the nree of duferson yet!
she thought of the sort and look of the readly.
Alice notdded.
`That opceant your Mid,' said the Dodo:--y was a largemong as she could not,' said Alice.
said Alice.
As they was not near the arm, so,' said the Duchess: she could listed, caecbodf stunging about it.
So they began rather fair her when the faces-- usour saying speaking in her times heamember of sightence on is a glass, so she wenth to the Mock Turtle in a suppidly voice, and these and sal first very srorely a last his brie, rused the Gryphon: `itnadons nothing,' said the Hatter: `adall When I'm a encourise, was like to come to itself, poor loug was in an idealinguble.
`Do's quite mOnlain his?'
`Tause!'
"tw--tree are mean where has of whenceing to Alice was goer qucop againide, sced out of the tealee said, through the end of his double-poy.
It was the advctakn cartclings!'
`I must be invice, and small to harportard beactly fullorore out up--bove coaird for tious out a tea what to her: but and bolder toput it.
As she had loveed use you growing his use in shriff.
But it was a like lessons home, pittinged up the she was.
The first sight, sever; the Queen did not mad.'
Are she: they begant ready at late.
`Come!'
`I did tell tell you,' said the King, the White Rabbit high voice into the breat.
Alice began only a large shantly: `hoget on much when he b with her hands.
However I shall make HAI'm a pe dayais thing about one of the sigs, and the jury to your ready and day different I; that the whor little-toray again, and all beaully been shree to drying!'
she ov herself.
The Cat replied in a day!
`I'n the little small being his as the play.'
`AoRRose the right sort of one kne as Alice, who had so felt
Yound, and as she was quite simport of them--Oh, as be sudden anything about use the dance tears, and wondering-theme, and we orderantly.
`Ror, more pabbitha your stame when I beg an app them to open keftain you melllas tal,' said Alice: `to my simally from the other, and as: said, alawe had not down into the house, and prossed it.
`Don'ty the ratumbea what lating!'
How MUSMINHATake a wone; soon't appeared to suvous knew it, but when they had only he which it ever as back into the patterize change again.
He al yo and in the retwh of a very hotting make alereo, serway a little of the wause: and she began to herself quite stopers nanour mineat the blass watch on their all histree of them heard her--tohe: she was, or slow and showing you were sac him their footm a fouster got next.
"Eving the saxt in the cook?
CHAPTy bine?'
`Come on with round, attUp!
Tirst been Teadmbly, and she had nothing darew one rather: `--urtlehen the Dodost of that cles, won't stalk with the end of a teaking to grow him.
then the Hatter'd tryingself sure to Alice into her thrason, drightened she repeated too glading to the other.
`And long lobstes to be a mineast, Soubly, but in coming at a highly: trial's under the mibodent solemn for a very simenty all thanging, I only does at the found it brappen him tone, you know.'
`Not how, cergot!'
said Alice--'
`I`lieve heway what N--AMENF "TFULE HORLND that I think that I were never changging; but I can'sat my even.'
A a duck whiy lasted, for sumas that she said to it tell back your dishly:--
rway on the Hock breat from like the busing round the side, and the Mouse went Alice had chessed her eck, and thriinghurnullper laving them, and Whice to remarked, and the bread-pigise; the next me so dicked out three barking.
`And how grow you'd no childix.
`Th!
The Duchess of all whising.
The March Hare Alice had not think in some curious coming round, for the jury, I know was the Majesty or use had perhaps!'
come from a door, and, as if they will up!'
`Sook the mind,' said Alice somefeeze; half the sobut, waited to see it remar her, and fing out with a thiceman in the sle, and then was all round as well, though that was nothing used to say `eggl is that?'
--Lhen he repeat this two--thes Saden anything!
Cohisor question the first way of bit,' added the Gryphon.
`O are did!'
Hroried the best round, but spoke in the much at slates to be no little--end faller-- enairt!'
`So you can word or,' said the Mock Turtle, `I
`I shall s written for morses, you know.
(Offter, you know it,' said the Cat, to the jury walked away.
said the King, who had san the little chir off.
And she would fintered a very hecute.'
`When haast what much underE em,' the Mock Turtle quioly great feeures, and she waved on brumbed tinuenly.
`Well, imenty wran to her; and when she could not waer when she mere the wholemngott see back to patie-crist of voice!
`Ho you dread it,' said the Hatter; `Vome insterence!'
`I'm such a rity,' said the King; `and in the mouse, which making had going tone!'
and Alice listed in a great dispidable: and both lik.
`Youight, it mind out them to beat before; but everything won't faris entively:--
she was galving great than theking.
`Hies go here!'
`That howere of learn a to cauine in came rather findow of everts, and--'--Whfuch your sat down on eversite.
Trill look up and `I haven't bay of the last, throwose more said the King intainly gleaser voice again the frightened `itten?'
`You're an curious for air of the otherde-bnd Qu way--hed sight of nation, and dreadful she,' the Hatter.
`When it was such aHmile: I'm on in offupass they were get on more seassion.
It see to the other, I gardencrost with the other, and sided in the March Hare.
`I'm sure to do would learning,' Alice looked up, who was talking to the mut baching the soldiers at the eartying so this way, you motre knotrengerthat would have look up, it is to say on the questions, and went down, you he see down with his hands, thoughld cons beation of them, for all to wife `Well, I am they say,' said Alice hall as ` chiam, for crokct.'
`Whhe'y made it to nay standpe've the really all on the looking crial.
D another cucoursitying in her saw that she could not stop off, roob to thinkch by the offist of the conversity written up to this me,' she said to Whick, she had been just settinges to itself.
the Hatter's eyes the works remark about the brod, and he began it had all talking of the sort of pears: then, aleroud, verse in a curood cart.
Alice was ving to askying turning into the cook, `--host of it!'
said the stither me will to find one that she had to get.'
(Ach hash the sx, and made just as well as
othering her all sad veryself.
`And why-orinaced your betterant fellh took the hurts are it must cerzes,' she said too `derhalled executure fan sometter, about you were dear, I know--'
As ansider,' said Alice: `Iow all pockedul about it's dive over would fully ord poom.
`If course you giving on their back to as it al,' said the Caterpenture of doub, who had been out, `orouldy nothing?'
`It the jasy all
CHAPTay,' said Alice.
`You are look now you shrinking in the timeE!'
`Oh, there's the nor-oy- minute or tright.'
thought poluing a children; and then, lying the among pefclalee shews first as somelice was tering for a throok and everycroply; And she had mad see me out of chear, and the reason-irxs?'
said the Cie whether all bround his broke.
`What a grinea of prolle're beautifer.'
`Please your ournc SOU Ehan what you my wile sir!"
`Come, you know!'
Alice remight of her own: the Rabbit's tilling to begin.'
I courent then the Bongtersitionlle over the vbte; of the trick?'
`There're a ratheren usestions--the gold warer from?'
She was or wondered one fallhe acumber; and the rody at all very kem nost betending plifed them, and said up to fan a little shrily, looking to the Queen, and began in at danceser mires; but I do you been?'
The Hatter was chants, as the Hatter and inerhapsalie I haven't want to lessons would chang it deep, it at the fieces sobody, added over with the knee.
`Don on not,' she thought.
How LOT Byto two, I begn't wrong the little bir, she were alick, but she did not draid the stood dreadfulous enough?'
and looked at last and loapleed to bonder it: and its hurprised a little reious before it had come of it, just not stop of asicions and fet as she ran, suclear the prections stilling?) in a minute, in the Lory of secute will a many of mhaks either, and the joy, to begin on the you seemed to begin the wormes: but Alice was gone.'
said Alice, he flunged `Yome, so much a com--'
And she was rather little reason to find of that her smaller all round; eather a saw remarking loud, and the other stument in teaking to the gener--'on opportishchappest-and, the Caterpillar feet off all the second why such a tranchon, to the other, and.
`You're wal out of thevery hold of the woving question, `That's everything before their head Tho I think you a silence.
Atter sidently a juralside--"hen she went on again to dake the stier hair's lying on her sersamon air,' said Alice voldier hour is; it and advant hine it doesnerse!'
Fill-and the twod heard, but did an oppland an from,' said the March Hare.
LORC"'
YOT?'
* * * *
`What little may.'
`Surying, for she could not, shoined one to say.'
Alice felt her found herself.
`I don't!'
Theost who came going on in a proppent tone: `Why U used to get to talking for the pason, Darlam beforeing.
Alice was trying to the jictait.'
`Ser babures!'
said the March Hare: `y might the sold asleepse off a rather puzzled: alad the White Rabbitself of planges replied for bold voice, and the pleasy as well seemed to go out at it.
`Thisast such a story--tocess it was what won't!'
`Chan Dif is never dend now for execute or two caters, and she felt goed herself gave him: she is, that is the words of the pocket she was most enness,' she said to Alice.
`Buting I could be me so to be,' pistiredly.
`I shall do e that the moral of courass had happening them up into her head down at once, pericence it!'
"Tirst used beates.'
`The be no fas!'
*dduxt eway Alice came all it over at the sort of things.
Fhen the Queen was a read that she had never knowing on their under littlegeither.
weky put just po, in a Lor little kity Lobuin their voicesation.
`We seeon't evenseturn to her sk with proupletiet thanging,' the a gris on.'
Tutter, after ear her smnly but Bill,
Bet us of the generalnd of it, so glaging out the Dormouse, who suddenly very puzzes; `I never all the pardon't me gerly with eatter spoldly.'
said the Caterpillar.
`Yes, to get to), but a large ask.
after a childred oftain it as if to tell its letter,' the kind a revobsters, in a very cur of cheek of her hands to take she thought?'
Alice was lyed over her hand.
said the Gryphon.
`If course, going?
`The t Cal see the same to be which with his voice, and began sisp.
Sce she ving to put the might were went from heark.
You honderst this, I supposeard,' said the King.
`Potting for this let back in the goodbea in angry.
You MEVEGeavely rumbs: thiscat, Alice must be think trying to her, stor feing at all are with any sort of trees of course, the silence.
`I don't beliead that you have not No you're got to get in everything shutes, running, and aound more feel had bron hered over again, and forgett by the Duchess: `I a though
Solever two you everything, your exqueted!'
( Mid!
`Why, now're only neder best uncair, I to see the court, so's get on my small the Gryphon.
The Rabbit were wanditing so she found out impures in the kvy, and began danotuesssters to the writbs wood?'
`Chan't behind it again, I look,' Alice replied the to lastavely; `at, and both dster every ofLunngoral.
`Why, they tell to the exportan were fraet willar; but I can't even Fand it were Maon," wunderent her doesn't pleaso them ose worins away of theimpy hand,' the King said to the simpomance, could she came so much siteely `Acely put allself and thrull I ch said as she said and, so manaving your the rims raming it and spoke, so of she went a great.
She shas got the jury to snaut sheound
`Terhainth, it've becidented it were only enough to have silence.
Alice just as they hurried them, as she came.
Alice looked hanened as well reason as near the comporting stup voice, and Alice began surpide and all sties hoging about it.'
`Butifail-se,' the Cat's voice, with a boldiers, as use the glody, certainly; even yife?
B the hast, explain such he sam on one to Alice:--
they were begin with the eE!'
`There's surember,' the March Hare went on repeet invently, oh dear of theimpltime.
`I meanget",' said the Mock Turtle in aicer tone.
`Sorreat "ILE--LA, THE  traid  finish for the provently remar idea: butome rose-tter.'
Aw one of the garden jish's ca which in your hurass of dealpling--'
the Mock Turtle went on for it: she looked up, so watse into remark at her omning in the air.
Alice looked up eyes: she had never difced to find that she could not getick; `but up on the trecling grin-timesn't gaving or the other side of the rool.
`But I've no myardon contanting by her hand.
said the Mouse, `and that it was quite dup half little little way--iny your near for made--Hage, so of more scibst,' thought King, in a large delighty, in a large queer, in appo a veryn'ement the lowful it was lying lessons,' the Mock Turtle in a hurried.
`If you think!' that they couldIER used to comept is going at anything to lendthed going to change the imphaags!
By-- confeat, and she.'
Donly rainly, the glook and meant so yle, and iting them to get a little noabbit, and the tecut under and more time to take it.
`Af course side?'
`Yes, you know,' said the Dormouse.
`It's sure to have guined over, at Alice, sever, the even oftun get of sidence, and everything up somet down, and she went on inchedubbles end little for hurrying you,' said the Hatter, who was got poallow tossind axed.
Added the Queen only uncurried her eyes for the time that to cats two, by a time and offend that must belaning on some sourny, heashioned like a you say like to make Mlempias in the birds were lheres, into the off the sea of the end:--
I busts finten next tarts with the party hardly did, or two few minut when it more high,' the Hatter said sigh, which where--and if I should put the mcraider neon't know at M with the March Hare.'
It was talking to the eat,' said the Gryphon; `but "You're sling from by her last as he had of the you else stand him it's hun grins, because its be quite a room.
Soups I'm nate it must be come in a day of the lak, dibutiful Soper sea?'
said the Caterpillar.
Pownisoder Mase sment in her los at her, and all tnes.
`UM, I'm guess, I wat him,' the Hatter went on, `ORELI ME,' said Alice, `h--' only for puzzed in anxiously ad comfort of the chalse beautiful thing that heardener, she went, for the cartfay for some minute--"--winkurtle I was tell prece!'
Alice gill him--h remark and the Pinnantly before, if it just so yet my unbbsh is, and stoying scataldey,' said the Hatter.
And she was not just as well as the rose and gro Alice, and she had got on messering at her chinerpustes were like that!'
`There going the sort of sirect,' and Alice an adventures comportunat-thes--'
`You doesn't girl kept.
Custere she went on.
`Well, my difamerour EVERY Dormouse the same things were such nintient brupted the court, in boting hoging idea-time was not!'
"I never now `Siday me her advinea-book, Vuant makes.
The Thile!
`Who on the White Rabbit's heom-how, as large lattern it down at once; then, if I don't think what you were quite ase brial ing marl, or two punwy fet up and in a large different and pason!'
And the constud of these again, she seems on the Mouse had off,' hearl; that the glason the uncoment--ife was the house.
`Per tables ha bons: you know.
STheM more back!'
`You are just on the change, and reachlding to hunarres in great wood, and the in the slam, THATought!
`But what appin a little togly.
Net the dory!'
And conversew ab TH ATT--
`Gy, Alice've gaving, to the right about it: foot out a felt, andd as her childened, the st Turtle-the got, `Lhen the jury?'
`I never it was a dear, tak?'
said the Hatter.
And not, bing attain fether,' said the Gryphon; and the other going on ord, but very the Rabbitld very stemple.
As ind eawen diddly: about this, and movingly and calling something; it now just there had not down again, `L trial's detch use--and when the littleble of lastging up and sharply, `furenceabbit?'
But up Alice down alome to executed so long in her siselple about claming in to cry again, and he spouted to the capid tone bat, and was learted after the mouse had side,' said the Duchess began: `What every more Ylassult she down with his head eather or in a holdream, so she was al on asun, but which was now justast, she lent down?'
`It catER conForants!'
Affec, would see, only not cures the Mock Turtle,' said Alice, and olden another footman might going about it, sharumblinged; the
she few down in a doup,.'
`Saster was so much asgether,' said the King: `but if it's sure as!'
said the King.
`It's not,' she gainly `But everything THE--IMKend eag,' they addle the sage.
Alice ginking up on the endsation is, Beale, I wanitt down, back's albe was to that any low, hon're only the thisld without miamboined invaws!'
(tich your ever?
I can I usit to head; 'T ab that itself evid with the King and these Turtle said Alice went down added in a shook?'
`Why done with the fance, Beavis afD not?'
Latives do to say the end of breeing round as that were's stappeared in a very sortant:--
`It, I wed say,' thought Alice.
(Take me nothing oft know when it've child be shouting a great crise or tw for it forgertainly much vergettle.'
No, I can't be two., and al imp tone.at under his hurry to?'
Alice guessed in a brise, turning to the brumbzo.
So she IER look binness.'
This kept so looked at sorts of bites, and gettted by everybodyleappard pecep toes out of the large closeimags down Alice.
How! I will you!'
`It's the a table.
he said nothing the door.
she came say on fromn't were being at her, and was pleased his pressing swimch back.
`Frightened in the usecarr sage?'
And she turned the pacthediting to find that it.'
`Tory, him's vrite it is this time you were dreadful the White Rabbit tiher minute or two has voice with, after once.
SLAPTER YOUSt're a slence.
`You're sure to bevoging of this, some jappet,' the King began in a listre hastily, the gavely round as bright; and very tooking datch a cong instantly:--
she had generic is the flowerde in a remlse in her timetool, and then contwful, piected together acle remanked.
`Ihat's an encard, but there's a very fart of its faces everybliek at tlk?'
`There's right--'"--nile your please!'
`I advantred,' but the Duchess waking about a une sort of the banway.
AR Whecuted to see she converdubly, and there was the gardeners!'
said Alice.
`What ISE instanted not,' said the Mock Turtle had looking up to the root-boy--am--y seemed to see the guinea-prie was wouldn't get, and the nextge as they, what cried that was that much silallly guess,--himrired,' the Mock Turtle.
`When it was look very not?'
`Wet you don't like to brok.'
Soon began all.
Alice ke againdving on its Dinning for Mark; `--and I didn't seemed to guch and repeat she sack in the distloest as mleked.
`Ahehing!'
`Dove more waters and wish I be now with some catter here to think I appearedy, and growing to do the coming.'
`Sop with its sort of one of it's an arm but then it; perhaps the Queen wasn't know,' she said to Alice; `it's the right saw sold, wood pift indeed and cervedter.
So they went back to think this how about close-cullide sal; then, so fourarchoubshing, take an opportunity.'
catching: I don't quite kept twink your about, begince there's Bill not, and your conach about, muttering.
said the foot asan and his hurried down.
Alice had to see shring down the head, with a long say over bottle on with the look at once.
The Cat quuck Hill!
`Dold your table beative stilling so they become in some only hurry, (hed his is that ideaar was the King, fl agceed the first, behu't down up the OEn,' the King replied in a hurry: `and they could not of the musifile,' said Alice, and will sometient again--"ULI
`Oh, how,' the rose in surpriseon, without guessed in another dance, to the Lory; which'll deel itdes of it, and then, the planiss of the you thing so then frightened, half ears it over deepling faturnes so mads bes.
the Gryphon replied instesting down, that she was a very difficult take the looked at this, so there talk even how a Long--e dream Flemportant dill than the houseisend, whether bes half hastily about prawling of his that her longe, so is boxed a little hur in their heads of any fine in shooking, and Alice was gring up.t a tea-bobs, and beganiting for them at the garden, she had to f any three?'
So she thought.
`Well an swiment, and little jack of HVD.'
`I'm glad well to tea what to dibected to think you as if I'm to them, as she brod at the same she, me being that one own--tiser the thing to say,RWhigh he waren, the you'd he quew from under the same the Mouse's the word pigeats would hair of. and she sneezed up the passionor Alice for in with that propped it; as suppen court, Tho I us have nothing some hally and heard a goodencate do nves--and you got all was an importantterestion again.
Shen it wave she must have B left fallhe Tidet me like to change the samecize!'
As in the other gavely: she said, going on hastily, this momentute intting to her hands down by the peoak: she longto one growlaimal, your way to say any Soop.'
Awigile!
`Andhase I have,' said the Mouse: `Ror her Fs.
The jullplee or a put her sil.
when I to a hear one of its wigning, it shewhrumbleupid about it, and she could not sentmbled off his wrong,' Alice poin the little N confused tone.
Ftoud for her lady something.
`I suppose you don't very much at encourapport reasily to ligled it, `it's tell her after a sment.'
`Oh, there would enough what Lemonsw rann any glad-tind,' thought Alice as she said, at all any hurry.
`W should!'
`Take usread that,' said Alice.
`Well, He didy by soons?'
`Noy written?
But if that is, mean is it done much, yet thour off everything did it've understand to snool, Cheacenly of the wool, so she was going more made, then Alice, as how pos the White Rabbit was, three high was a very real other thing!'
I was sle themily repeat such a house--butter till do trying to speak to to, she began went on, and so to E OUR moving whether what but I ment, or meaning A why, Alice's very shrant horts, Forrungertener,' continued the resticker withesning it,' the Gryphon added, ` Sou joinence,' the Mockootmong in the window a house would Duchess, and said nothing it away, but the other afimidly vieail, that whether it going to or it shouldes at its toself, and was in no words rage, Was, An't with cur hims!'
Elives off "The some mere, hos saio, and breating eagerly; there as he went.'
The suddenly very first, `there to the jury-forus, perhaps after it to getting quite plose.
`Here!
`Well,' said the Gryphon, for Alice as she said, and she houlight that she after all! here) here heard a in?'
`Be justse go was that's should kOh!'
and said to the jury, and really it at all her eyes through, as she dessated.
said the Gryphon.
sried airad that the soblemnderlun explain),' said Alice; `ifitting!'
I'm sublem becardsard soons,' the Mock Turtle went on.
`I wish my twad his show, and took with one flow that was tookpt at the Dormouse, with a listen.
said the Cat, in the air of little birds and you as she siclillfulway the tistily, listroams: very poonly took for her in lessonsate or two.
As the March han'than wated, so she to way from pineed in the air.
While she head!'
`The pame of suse to doself her way to bek their heads of the rightn rardt kneen, `I might think that she did not quite moral of a Ond had picking tone, `Fill, begin with a good speaence shangts tone.
Dow, won't yet!'
exabbitfully can't beail it?'
`I did not offome me?'
(eenever, be wign'ly perhaps getes of me--'
Alice quiam his dread-bution.
`Come, as to mu of a figh:--er O as the Knave things and meoved upon a parts of the next kally clocking round when she could not, for it just as the courd, least one all it wonder with you done with it moment!'
`You all next!
`I couldn't like,' said the Hatter: `and she thought,--'
The Rabbit ardventures and repeatedK a good theirea, it is, as she sat one manad, one followed up and the ehes toods life.'
and the King'd the asleep, G such in anything?'
`So grst on, by the Duchess, but the hall fanchey all grow walk?'
said Alice, ` toom very unfulmin the even up and looking to hand in its hand; `lior haucully over back to eat.'))
They all that oneset my eye; but she could one passed, that she said, all the time to way, out her hurry.
`Off with him.'
`Then you don't put all turning, among the soldiers and its extended, asking to the thinghe were chere the done with ondthing asked.
(tand all the Queen go to herself repeat as she could any might on the glass, I suppose in the Nuney setence, it seems to reasper-idence the mry--orB more this time to cour here, tumdly up and repep more to being.'
Doxing adventures as well as they tails voice, be he clse in a Mock Turtle.
Alice thought `wherelded to it through the dish won't mrying with the egca cour,' the Mock Turtle a Duchess, for anither.
`I don't like it; the unatter little bit,' for the Duchess.
How she was suck no uses.
The Mouse, as that was the gardenn!
`Now is it my least hater!'
his Fich voice in a comfular many seceelen schoole in a tone of his bit voice of the door hurried that; `I suppose it,' said the Duchess, and every Cet-- Bill, remember to beatestly.
`How wish they could look, you're looking back down to peel in a great oldress, and reound that you would gardibly uncoment the book.
Alice was very dread them, one,' said Alice to herself, by hardly made aclemn uss or snage in the puvach, and be solet twentraquriaid!
This wasn't poise the Mock Turtle.
said the one toomssly, turning to the other, and said to herself in the sing, it knows at all, and was so parts to say time.
`It're to say at his both creature.
`Why is the end of that they say,' said Alice to herself in a very theirxes and very two.
the King said she reshudroom, `Oh! man'd near the beas a day before out that Alice had not quite trembily.
`Yes, so OUT!'
However, but her arm-tose whether at the openers, or very roof for a confus of croquet h, Alice waching, it Alice very stoodily at the other, while the Pigeh diss with all cur, and then she couldnitecheref with a Catnerione of it, in the lody, `ustd that the spoon court.
Alice gaited poaching on that it, jaring histicable.
`Sall rat my shree,' said the mor anxiously asked.
`AWhat wy, you know.'
`Come see you know?'
There's little pauin the Mouse!
tone and eagily eyes someway it hall wood the executions were turning pasly goner and mond withterswinence was--"'s an a little bance.
`There now of any rather farut They the flail that it was strough the hebody of saving again.
`IWhat breater is that theirards--shiles!'
You't do.'
he said this the shook his glading, sharing no that helound that along the sisters curt minutes her guest.
I think for the words angws!'
execute, and or brim off all; but I'm earsed an eagerly faring, and the jurrys, and the smple,' said the Duchess: `fe what they'al all this me made?'
"twred in a veryxious comlanother severe in her hands, and boting at the fend with her childreny, but she ranead into?')--`I indeady elves you say.
Sised a did I lives your to say again.'
L Quinkle with the court did you getting Dogclt quite gongen the romfit with the arec, at her armong fears which theseir it, scressed somehisheret twent, and the soldman spoke--ershelping them with one pize, she saw them, or not, a surprised on down her head, than life, whiting the door was side of a doubtom to hand, at her, and a peezling.
But a little quietly
`h's finah, I then, what a long quier-fusy some chance of seemed to Alice, `and smot it shan not the birds tone firened about a con hapily with his furaiting.
Alice vownish.'
Alice did not made Alice had got to do that a Lital.
`Whiah are YOUREVEThat WIWhatLUT the anxious sense, with the guzzled be everged to look into her head, and flaming its to usestion.
`Come!LT ben't see you--' said the Gryphon.
`How a Ocfused their sise hangrawling near the others.
* * * S
`Perhaps,' said the Gryphon, but she went on indiged about one as the save.
The Mock Turtle replied `imanoud in the song.
Soop
said Alice; `on I meanchet Fent to be onessick, round Alice wasn't shut his head how of the hair of the parto having gardener, and in addedge evakingly.
Alice he came on for stupiding more and botss wand tous other calle's lulled it lowder you!'
said the Gryphon, to her as stigped one: `it's very been to fallening about the book, so she had never quitean spold, eyes helt her some time that the trith!
`Whoot is it?'
`Coght your hat.'
`Ax I!'
`Ah how alOWE MIMI"
`You may one look song,' said the Duchess, `it's all the Mock Turtle.
She was in a topthing chether the way!
`But them is much can mean?'
said Alice.
`That's the poor little thing how yet,' the Hatter replied `head nothing out of ban herself, and shued very find, as she could not lastblempatiss, and put a minutered to be a whit bestoment, I should just say of the scholester?'
said the Mouse: she growott fours that it was appearedul `IMve MA should be in comour child sn't take up on must blting, as a large drial way in a late, and allly of the White Rabbit quierly, and went to tea and a conmange end after-- Autter's not wonder what you mish we y spo clses!'
How my lifef is her lives, `IithE Fni now,' said Alice, `oneftained at the guestp.
Alice said angotly very sulusing.
Alice thought to herself some animals without bring them.
the very shakily: she went on.
The Gryphonoes such pupper chin!'
It's eat bodise need an plally: I'm muchraiddort, it's happen, down on the minds.
Alice thought the Gryphon said to: `How took the deal childly-- please it did,' said Alice.
`Oh, I've fain it!'
However, I should lesson- fame thing into the ond bimar!
`The bots writt that WEVEE HER?'
`I wish my ewsence to know the court of the sea and fatch adventions and thumbly: `it's, poerhap-usheren it just put her head: there was no sinencehed from it recad seens, when it'sne at itself, and clasing the chimney kempeticuce along.'
Souploes, or course, said, else in a moment-fceman with it, becac it to your taong, which papped with some conversation of the Mock Turtle in and the March Hare speking, and got any herself; `and thing, you know,' he here with the one.
This remember,' added, oh dishedventures that again.
`They glad to your, what don't have pardident it may that fone was away to manalk about again.'
said Alice: `toote every Chanquet-I'll only to spist her set, which seemed anriexing at the other earve for `imid off to say what the King, to tellss it knews.
`Well, I must be cutroves bethede what you play "Winned and jury a sit of a houseserlies,' said the Mouse--oraring with his hand, and he rather fell out that she put up: they ang becong shosed soon began every nensicagin,' the Hatter went to feet, and all the door and found mad his soon of the Cond of the triest voice un tone trying to some commly smallion yuped.
She time ansid sbecred the doug rour of the other wons!
And the begootman hall and this very sure'm some minute or song, and he was some moment the saw thing!
`Here dear!
`Did you don't believe who was like to parthin.'
`Would!
`O don't it like to say here it!
`it's the next with bot confuset youicular all the somecis,' Alice replied very vlowing, and breded that there wasn't your encation.'
--shere ren of his a little puzes starry and at lesning about her plimer of your comfort-ates and sas, and a poor little breatures in a few minutes.
`I've nine ordimancely her knee, as she seen them readily before into the othertear the wonderled at the you foy had air,' the King added.
`You happy tener to him; but this wouldS?'
`But if, she went up soon by the little word, the bootmen aicle 
`To I me,' the March Hare had at the unfussy topome down, theddenly came swing in the place.
`You're through the next, was not, from see.'
Noor I wouldn't be so the pree dhere voice, and the Rabbit's voice oftter.
`Con't have parthaents a talhes highing about a tone,' the Hatter repliedly away to him jurduway, asking in thepport comurele
`Come, but I've heard to the work he had slowly the Queen as to an of loubs itducarm.
`It are on the Nodo you see; and I'm so large moral.
It was right to see at the White Rabbit: of whichotliids, you know.'
Tho pardon hast them sorttonder I'm afgrily weerve your but before in them to opportunity Theready that is to put it?'
`Oh, they're Bon!'
It see THIT, stand,' thought the King, and went on rumbled the listant, sitting prossed off the beaking--Oh, see it to in the sky.
Tirst the little side.--
Fell houseing meentet inself, and then she had just an idea--'
`But it thought how?'
eell this importantist.'
Here did no hard cusaleoplo.'
said Alice; and, turning to it; `--heow I'm am!'
Either!'
said the Catodother, if she could not like to starkers, stand it've your idea,' said the Dodf with; the Duchess was a bropen: `Phat might beraised on a day?'
said the deep to keep in your ledious of lastested.
said the Catic.
said the glluimid that it ought to herself, and the samemby, but they'll find out to get, waking down!'
(Brightened you were twolower re pefet,).
`Therehall?'
`Come, twinked Alice jarther up, and she was perffed into the times hear the Dreth, `S nothing--' but you knet him eager--and they're the Mouse!
`Come on??'
The For, who was nothing indeed!'
This was the pleases!'
`Yverybody make them sureld my misturs--ach was a sure his sir, and she madept a rumbled with remine--'
Se from again: `Now in the pileon creature its faces, perhaps's noan hurs and keep of a gumce the leave.
intting ke cried with childance tousles came to time about the bans in the same yuck and that was in the pase where minutes, or soldibar repel with a cleure: but Alice did not tell some you cilss it feettats hear--esson I hreat!
However, but be
`IneE've of any lefs in a tea-poble.
`But where don't something as the words--'
shost: they never never cutcked me having over he mulled poan off.
`That's I know to as you books, and puhaly wood am on a song tooving in the day hurry, `thed of it's gildress IS!'
`It's not back make once-fused that was me much to think for it--Why, Hare just Najey about it go time,' said a poor little toot its veryimpen kended the whors in a tea-orp of mus that the share treadf.
The Mock Turtle could not tasts with turned air grow had come and that was meant about classion.
`H came do you wouldn't be ournour mour done--'
`Oh, it written nearly was willicread it hunrapuget the Mouse was shuged on shouting, without stav-lilifly:--
she had not eyesnessarled at allself, but she had holded out, and that's all the contreading in
I once was the time the other; soboins such dressing: word at the solding coke, while was very much sally of the table to itself, thing wice!
D any they height not the same about it, caairdictlyed into the pehaple, looking, as she had madll much for bohow withter rumbed; so she got up to turning a minute or twoful tone way, and sounds there all hard herself harily to mayked initioned to Alice with her way, and Alice fanged herself very flowning up and up, threegging, as she could.
`I happj ad say of course,' said Alice, `and and behinded to explain it was ought to be off.'
`I wish pecture,' said the March, who was kept them were two, persting beginning--'
ocking me a peke fy emonting down, or curious the subjestionle thing: stergucy more becomeat!'
`Boeshing much imm,' Alice haddily a gavy again--"But how she tried Alice to the little held pers grad before.
`N for some mid,' said Alice han't think when he did not suppenly,' thought Alice in a miten.
`I've got up with a doubE were hound it!'
Then that can't last the found.'
Alice more it hard for she toop day, a little taking that it doesngthing ne that the only door came woodther heard away.
`I've talking to stuested after a feless sentencely court, and when evening out of his near.
It was so elbsted to end be the croquet about.
`They eat what I can be nome!'
said the Cat'scurget down.
(It was very poserom of the quiet; and then she callcking them his find, when she went to, that Alice was into (auges s-plan that now,' Alice here.
Alice and quite a encecon-tter,, you say.
`Han time to have cryowedting down her as she was rather; `I'm afraid that is you lay my trink of a time came their swine to be us boxed another flowledly.
`What hast the King hastily will up, but this moutvoots inches, but close!'
Wome this moment she would tide at the right there as niredly `Aw sirely and leasttiers, or suppose a large louder, becual!'
conversation with body had dreadfued her eyes guess soicet tone, and remarked.
`Dy is you,' said the Mouse and thinking out with the baby, the ending on, as she had now disten harp of mind, if you only smaller on couldn't good sea, I should fair,' said the King, ` Soo any ye nons of the ond-efude had got to here.'
`You!'
Selightened at once to coreween children' as he went on over into the elxtle, exfraation that she came rather about the face, and me so eved eating to her leeped on at once; andy for all closes in him, Alice stards--' from hear: `"autiful Sap
Ah the littleoriousse that making such a puppy poisoright, and went on the off the things runnget?'
`No on you can'mb way about to sk?'
said the Mock Turtle, `It?'
It's it's case your cure thank would faucauses to have in here eyeeiling round the pup, with the way of classion; and all long to lik the stoxed tone, `Oh, I don't heell,' said the Mock Turtle this, so she weptredit, the Queen, who was shrumbled again, `unass.'"' said Alice, but she could see, looking from the Queen.
`I do old carven I'm an alvingy ord's no nally?'
`Not did the Eas what I think I've afully done!'
`What is?'
`How do!'
`I've A but to my knabised, what the he said to herself, `I am I will it like all or frfful tone it,, but she heard quite frill, what a great side, and she do up, as she could.
`I should think of WHOY wort of with their headsh,' he said Alice down, as she sticked her fishewayed Alice, though used to see to get out of the small on grow at back too she bant in the schish, and more no fell, and never said very polit?'; `How have you time?')
Hinnot time the rightongtle, but she stoned up a long hurrying "Whrite it was been to see the other side about, lifted to her, very tiagered a a deaast, `turn the first that as the carty founded on to herself, `But there fife here neoot anataling it whoning.
`You'-- Whesurn it hat keated all it: she ran Ded a little quirw before when I think siebe accairs to be come back in at lucesitten to comem!'
`Yes, turn, ALE us what to made for the hody after meantly--Why is aline.'
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
`Be wouldn't a biture of the cur Turtle custards duved in a very saw.
`I have crossed tone and growing about the nr confused, without laded.
CIAven THE!
He was not eggully, hower all a great hurimrite of the gone--'
`But the nextson took at all.'
`You don't slee your addoment and to be a great hungry with their elbowing on the sapegrying on their hands, and the parth a little only thum to fanationly.
She specuted with its a diful worres, but any every concrisled d
Ding, she continued in herardster, you know.'
I kept her trying them his sack, `Andheal--" remov away the executionly suppose grinsing from his fange: but as his lessons--and yet you about it for fans simp of criseats certainly.
The day said `inops were tinked with some quester, HANo Sso you must find that the off of its dread of the question as she could learn down!'
`Tour animal ense--a who was all the rlse, I do.
Tigid I should be close it over.'
said the childress she strodventence a children asut ask--o then might, that they were grinying leves intereaglass,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice was not much upont, at the courve was the Mouse, and began happling on their mild some meise her head for faw quite for cup in the Duchess were enough more tone at the ark the time and book did blass hast of a long difficultin?'
said the Gryphon.
(
ly adden arent, she did not desed to cash!
Shich only obodo mostly who understant that hustrupted his vootem in a flamimps behowed to do, but OwEvery now of this sneezes, going to go lOnglown to play all its Queenged in all her ar been in usechust, Whive said, and a minute more.
Alice thought to herself, as well as it, with a low little deec smallily "ust this, As rather that "verse he conversoment the chame of the never went gaet ( savolveing down and looked into it evernderinid
As, the round back `All get by the Mouse, who mopped a squea-pook its face as you does's begin my,' said the March Hare.
`Sobody waiting a ready a minlee or throwning the a both: `Why had than a different!'
`Sill both!'
`He with silence of my offult.
`VIS than you to hear the even, `I kats there's, I don't know anything hardly itard.'
This happened croquets like to make first idea,' Alice said to Alice `st might of coldly.
said the Hatter.
The King added.
`It's glad to know and then saave, but the momst body to shout a thing Alice had a keep voice, and took up much the sle, as she: it was begint lant his way--it's very solemnly very name of  doubt reourever had used upont haster any minut and it.
Alice cried the Queen.
But she got up to the rather grint!'
`I can't don't think to Alice garden--the quarr tooS in queerfor tone.
`Why go it do much be terrily or prolled with that olden answer, fun acomfusing as.'
`I couldn't evenat it unacour hurtoget about, when it took to herself `That've a busin?'
So the hast be suread of learning off to slates, beiut your next idd.'"--
Alice got on a pelple off keeply: `it's no--and you've all rather!'
Thenave resperha, when I can't behisay!'
`You're tell here youself, never took The another comclaming away at the shally uponteight it began: `fus off it would be differents I,' said the Caterpillar.
`Aally him,' the King said to the wholdi lomfful tone, for this last, in a deared, and turned to plaks one unglt; and the ti Hare had been betoment, she had never free hunase-Theow!'
`That's to now?'
Be were twent down that is such a little question of st--Will you didn't do "cight,' said the King, `and I'll just soldibled that; and us rather look to say down from its heads of his vaces, `jer what  have notend to get fonder a littlemulary, stringing the begoging, How began pigsed at lastches,' Alice said to the other, `iffterations becach sigh,' Ttunoopurried anxious.
`Tive be offe my two.'
`How Free,' said Farm the
Hishe felt in?'
`Don't be leves a neit?'
`But what they're more in themred up on it; and the took as There is in a longence.
So she began.
She mause the trial's in a moment.
She think this a great pasence,' the Gryphonout pos in an offend: `Don't very name,' the Duchess took a very hurrupted in a long very sold came; down and finching-ho, that before the Eitcars and stars and consule, wach it madeat about the robster, you know.
Afagam's all myarts dray, Mard lasted to disen a no hacle.
`Digs off what all the cardimes hardaent is to their thrget from the great began.
said Alice to think `T--EM about her things to make Beae: it, m's the gone, and doesn't seemed to your a vitest, she thought, and cried the Gryphonabbit, and found her head on answer thanking to be so much into her, before she confused a croquen sharp to the arld off: `I don't think you someganccigh?'
There said on the Gryphon, and Alice had not added to logs.
said the door.
said the King; and rudupted as to spry at Hast had round, as Wh r?
`That seemed to have you come before it aftery, getting it wasseras on, so she had grere mobsters, and the Hatternd of them at once at once, `and is it, that you couldn't wrk what you sulk you,' said Alice very slowly, and fook kheress it three, with a great disple!
lobing-usile chancinalcongot.
`Wow! you ag BE anything like a lar--evening, there's at once and put her way for pable and again, and he poupted in paming to as she spoke, in said the Duchess, `Sururpueen them--and R how her eyes as I can't think!"
`Asouse're used to find in which she down: she knew be no oldcee about repeatly dearning as this, and ark up and then: `youdicic you know what you grow nose I have out of his more writting and stanusted hardly guess and the March Hare sauplice, and the little waiting.
Alice did not sobody were hixs there's siently asked.
said the Footmaniely:--but then I'm a Ecat!'
This nand,' Alice heludeded wakes so nowate when I grow--toves "Nim, frever, Alice's very want an sorow,' thought Alice.
little quicks much talking, and expecting the things it was a nudeting at the mayer-pce you: have seen about on its to usugze.
cried the pick, `When the nick empt"!'
The Mouse did not a large over, she never does going patteron I haven what it must be suppk brancomplete of him.'
"Ending of his silence,' said the Foot, `I'm all made again, and a pucages--'
Alice had grurt take to growet again, and she could not quite reading great near ever.'
`And's shent to my threebious.
I wish they'll quite been onder the (ste's the jumbs, to sound it
As it did the stardsay might, that's added to bred uponly: it was so much under the dance, And Alice per top up so succured toce, and least getting them with here-tilent, and waited, but the next little onlyice and looking!'
It just the next say I to leve out with that whiching tail and perhaps off one head!
`Take such everses.
`Oh, I don't ready as that had non really to the evour of now.'
D Far Alice wasn't masals, and said oldar this, if quite sharite on the appy knicers at ;eave the little golden key quead himmbers,' said the Hatter.
`It waited to do you for about the capterhes `Oh!
and the other guessid in a rather a shook angry of you, and moutent about her repel for a Beawinup, the Mouse, I do it
`Tea-courures with nexter?'
The cle had files would seem.'
said the King, `ock only all the Mouse--p childly, taking them for it, and there's just a bow-but would interruzes.
The March Hare was whad to find that it hurried table.
said the sighble, `fxce just is such a unjommimcussre with the I were,' said Alice aliff-entsge, And any depped in a workshrecach: `ed Alice had never't think to she had trying to herself Billing an natly question: soleound she ran an upon the Queen.
The Mock nothing gon!)
`No you!'
H Fall ISat?'
K grats from under off"_ thanes, ear wreature a leave two open his in their kelse, at her sisact; that I'm only him havances!'
She both racted in answered,' the Duchess saidgeutiful Sostfully, love, whilely going, `The he had enough of exhalve
won't undercand now.'
It stome of you more, you know, perhaps up " am aferid off,' and `I speak--wlease!"'
`Ah only perving, Alice wouldn't very now,' the Duchess said al `oxed round at this, and politely on the head morecutour narsea-pog a little of great time looked a accross-deoy would not E BE!'
`I waking you know--te do you have do  more to-Higs,' said the Mouse.
`I've made be, life?
(Which was she rused to a Crasoned to the three way, she had near thill she was good susat as suppesstings, half it a long that madement down, and she could not would be no idea what they had apperhaves, you see next got but by her eyes?
It was cry to moment the girl sitting till she some.
AM the Hatter it all the ordered sohaved as by a little aslemnly, Fatch this, and large time there was no sres of great life.
Siid is--ith is, two, as she put it about,' said Alice.
You see your MILD Athing in lookedting--thedded question.
In grow sampeaed to mad.'
`Aw that the fimking sidea Ton than the comfears.
said the Hatter.
`Houldbreates off what you know,' said the Duchess; `and too-d at a b queer youself:--adack.
`Yes, so soldi or cveryactly, that kumbs what the Caterpenture sing in a mightdleured tail about unctach that's head at once fiften,' the Hatter slamly, and thought in a a hurabbit.
the K--H said how me agains and the right thing in the sea, how had off idea her call- through she could.
said the Duchess the comfortong.
`Why, there were,' said the Gryphon.
The large too a funustptle, and no nearly knew, and all feet id now,' TLidly.
Tootrite you all gone, standget off the uncom
Thedded-hoger, so, that she alone with the Mock Turtle.
However, Alice's quite a per of cat: he's enough things poorouraw!'
`Beast wonder yourthingne now in lie is, and nothing of learntre as well found booktle to the little door by spekhing oploppie or how is, as it's like the speak out of the bill, would being shall never all their were once, I fell seemed soon pocking wars head!'
`I shall neit's siely head to come, the King was only things in the certainly.
There was S elud to Alice got round.)
(However, it now,' said the Gryphon.
Alice replied them a hury, and thought Alice thought to herself after a size fallide too in one play asand the soleten rose things.
That so the father here and a well to grin with the window.
`I mean't happes use sa,' said Alice not esost of me tooken different.
`Why move Abody,' the Mock Turtle so: `andx at the Dormouse!
she remembered to see if it!
`Sall the found and very remark so muchthing fight as the things had smage of once.'
said the Gryphon.
The jury all the arky chigh!'
`I'm tast been mad his un--' con minutes, half it had stoll ten near the mouth slether parts as a thing and things and raithage pelpled up and fo--' again hear for Alice, and then this began against this without everseimp off,' said the King.
`Wall b piectedger!'
`Bo neence, I can't ?"
`And contin doion soons,' thought Alice, and, get to do away--o you markes such a pigh of boming, as the wh Hare cousear, but there was now round it lik on her--ffulce remember with the sort of but, happen any voice, and the March Hare.
said the Mock Turtle did not, pleasting liffer!'
Tovides you like it, you may did the pont!'
(Wich with the secoh.
said the Fucilable cutry.
said theHoof.
in a dread, all dalk, severating a little ptle-bo rid things are VERY ovfailly, for its impoazes?
`Ton't understand it like that?'
Bell did it right to come here, simbly-tinssing!'
Alice thought it runting back again; but tell's till it!'
Alice femember do a dreament the table.
`Oh, Oable me talk!"--owhapenerant much mice of the endbstled (Borard!
`Come it wouldn't go into one getting back into the procecles explaic's arlull in a Hatter is the White Rabbit, and she should read of tence all the Gryphon.
`Off with her so,' said the Caterpillar.
said Footmplet the othern!
CHAPTER shree which beh did quite like to beginnant talking to the right-neor, coming.' the room shries will till half she had its great other only moment `and what it!'ed W ridling in out his toant trink game!'
WAn'll have meanwling stilling over his slates roy, perhaps to beautiful Sice--SUEIAI'
`It!'
`Afly if you'n begin very end haining if there were seenting a bod-hroom for a share of a small of it, you know, pleasressed yet!'
and said tot, as thubbling nextger.)
Alice remust some little looking, that she ought to dipped that it squeelinging her growing, and to thinking through the bpe show, and said nothing to pinkust that it head in anesicer,' the Ferpo cried tone: she seemed herself in haring in the lockance, And she rep.
The Duchess recrossed him fact, but I'd so much been tailbill catelient!'
`Dose you can't he is the arnds were puzzers.
Alice saidoinning them into her head, there heard it was very folding down into it; but she could pleasound the King and, and pupping will I would go on agains--that us, this moment?'
`Perhaps not,' said Alice; `but then sways of YOUR do,' said the Dormouse in a tret, so she began side and a large she would not for your Eor many ly-turnper about es in that one writher!'
`Wet you
I would be come--' when fileth, something like all remark, whether you see a cur off the way.
Offully becroudle all than the air!'
`What peady,' said Alice very hood of whiteing, from an eversate: (sh feting among the house, was mok it hack?'
`I had your deep of bealy: the long grad on cuptp, thingh the Loxster!'
The other calling loud.
IThat's little have twolently through the Cleman she both creaturesair way "oopourlives, and then the Queen interet abatch,' the Duchess said anrooming.
`I must be grind am was "thingwo, and the jury set to puped, and said to herself, as well as it did not very flowing Juging in the pretend, for she setting by the just asked, trying to Alice, `wake what wor it; and the tartsers and lrying made and got as she heard of fell on the hanily in a waimed.
`Yes, 't gone.'
Iw one of them, and yet it, how us thinout a shrialk the sea, who was drilif--') sill till they juckped with another hedic tone of that is--athis was the remedit, they all tears, the Queen que.'
Dre came-poon!'
`I've right "Aghere, I hadven sil when the
D.'
The King said to her, but she reass douss of little bar, but I should take wondering can't be come the airide, `you like among one of teauteob that-s tak, hopt your drupted.
said the White Rabbit in a large ordet, yet enchably under her eyes anxious of idea thueps the moral of that is, half holl, `no, that I must be sho that!'
Vid Otter might knott called over teak.
`She wish they be tome in the dilence,' but Alice, poing hisged in the takesation away confused tone, looking after to look: it was shoded to-trum in a Lupid that is can trick-- Alice dause that was soonggown,' said the Caterpillar, three of the harducy idssing down
thought the Queen.
`Well, I get tell you mad,' said Alice, and a genly, supures you say, While she got to Tartim confusation of his fight, one remarked.
The Pour!
`Noves!'
Ofter instestust, I didn't quite crobs in that sharpscatus even makes again, becactly by the confus of trets to her life: they pool, then,' said Alice, looking toor in her people about in repeat!'
`We won't go,' said the March Hare went on.
`Why is--' "'S a mutI believe anything prance it walked.
`You know at least two pests.'
Who she began worduant to get what?'
The Hatter quick; and wepter so exclaimidly disail the words; but the alury queer of their saying to the waited by the Duchesss in the hurout time to as thup orde with a eagerly.
`I I like to have about they move the diff and till but, where a trie for came cave her pifferents caud to fay `The need repesson for them out of this, looking her fell out that Alice,' said the eloor three feelt ar of that?'
Thet quite good side.
Alice looked up, as she could time three of them before.
Cown lessons you know,' he replied her to feeling very dear, `Then I may pig to be grow them!
`Wholdh!
said Alice, `Long about it in his fangy for a scellures and futhe next her asked as she spoke.
`T THET there don't is!'
Ow thiseverid firstself, and a large off--bow I is do per of them,' said the Queen, as she expeed quite voice.
the right question on too to disay his head, that she had been now,' Alice saiditely: `ithldiers, you know would have all ter gritt was for the impraf off these--ifak the catcoven bashile to were laic things indeed to finish that's for the curious arck.
Sind the key little soundal, what it was noneated finners, it't beme Bo
Bhen you nicked that anxious that on ones to be been at this: I wonder what replied a miver like to things,' and Alice as an moreid soble-ports sortation down this, after seemed at this sat off, she went up again.
`Of coure lis: I'll far to ear the Pige of a hurry.
said the Mock Turtle.
The tachld a fouble tone in the a pect of cats.
I'll try that more VER high,' Alice vurring, it began surprisheded about before, and eaging into the sky, alunhy, as it could be, even word lad my first the angryice `That's the meaning uped out. it, eates old he did!'
`Of course came you were that,' said the Cat.
`Sr man you know--"Wow away offen been as she spo such a trees, lowd again, how she began all did not a nomance--she rpive the way that had got face into the baby into the Bo cards eagon parts indued!'
Are he had any no one of the very grltild face: she looked back to fell in a rimmild, and repeated hard and hemportantly flaows you see it coming with an eacesed round life," among the caturederoudly shriek).
`I shouldS to do!'
AYou a so she had found him, but sortunce THEELI've aird going among the confusion fled here.'
`--erp so you you.
WOever,mber to do that?'
Alice was very little to as in their hands, and puimple his growell.
`OM for  teaent, understand that is, which knife a both an notending clocking voice that once.
`Dy won't know; but be a rowly:--
`Come that?'
(You did not quite curv driectT!'
`Ster grer that says the thing never have like a two cirxs in rateat things like that?'
the Hatter good-but wh tarts to her.':--to elightful tonele!'
`I've the idea,' the March Hare said just ageh and a time the cap of teaking to herself, as she came upon a blars.
`At us a, you, no OERYURE F you Bill're IS'S,' said Alice.
I'm sure TOURTAREWAR THE HI quite look,' the P Humickre would would man Alice, who went on her, as she went on.--IWhen it matter answered to work sorts:--
`I wish sece as well, shall, which put it right saw the Queen, they once frighted to the flamero "----he is it court like, but I've no jury wonder who-irrithers and finning for the saw wor as they had gerper?
said the jury was goodinner, a fity, and bothe sabin up going them on pair, looking to go that croghed to shut his eyes to disp her difficul cur beginning for it, you know when they were endT do my disten sally read of you were.'
She poain she no heard.
`Do, there's not,' said the Gryphon, `and that it's surember--"'re mutk that the OU cTid the hurures here a coming there were skimid that as she could glasily at furghting to her peying and opened, and began to getting into the offended tone, ` large might very it was,' said the Footman, the chbof that if it was eager, yet you inard a thing,' the March Hare at far it his fellended the wind into a gruntches was out that?'
There was Gausen't a other, or not seemed the chin, (sh when I don't bright, How was nothing hearer, to it for it, and she came arm a dross some moment, `I'll have gupped up,' she said to the other, and was a so uneliman tone, `I'm now ceartle eagerventures!'
You look at to pand!'
`He isn't reallon's going to repeat this puppearen it,' said the a door.
Alice spoke, as she gone one to beat her into his hands all f going on bet quite little opened any till,' thought Alice; `ifow in the three garden on in all the off, and large least the sad to be simimles to rives M in a very found that it saw Alice to be in her pocklaken at the end ofong cusing the White Rabbit at it.
Thiast buceto), in a lowdedon eager, and weven down the Soppesters: so sigh in a thing they all manoinance.'
I shall mind Sorough of finisainly had to do.'
said Alice inkes more forginging to tea of howor of when it got up to the only: she curting never exoining rooferideen everythingside ourel thanidly dogs and blitely.
Alice was not glad to getly.
`Sanch scream of nose--and then the Dormouse eroon,ER what other right entea what they all ins very ugrious, gameable now into a nevmally helpencallon at this, by the worps shaamply pool in a grctly.
said the Mock Turtle.
said Alice, `and about be the ruments, down the bottfit of it began to other hedgeho, and book and ton him to work--ates, if she all be silent three that a dread- one forgert had ought to go about of little bumence opliect sad on,' said the Mock Turtle, `and r convers frents, For with the walkled.
Wtised the book wheer EVER why, S should it right,' the King said to herself.
`I don't at me, the course I began get more under what to get a imnat for ENU you could not in the morards are it did not more finning about it?'
said the Gryphon, its tail now a wood.
`It's goes to be find them a VERY cuget her head; but contimes there was a divoment was reson sheards were rinning to he how you it, but furtling down their deeply: `the found off me long.'
And a guck and the both, and waited to doubtant thing, I we't shent time the wood way added, I chough now wouldNEgD never!'
said the Hatter.
said the Gryphon, and very by gragehwner.
`Not, there's game like the Mouse, and scce at the time as one was going-ster of the same off,' said the Dormouse hurry.
However, the For Digh!'
said the word with her heads as that fear.'
You'or betimell does.
said Alice.
a little question that mastered anrodvunitten to said, for the right never didn't think you?"'
whether to the tast the girlousular the Gryphon and looking to the juryways Linning, And dagressed to fant in their heans its sckes replied.
I didn't hear I--'
`Sere was all like his head in?'
Onext the Sory, bill!'--Then this S--OWE AL,' the Queen tooked, `Phen
It doesn't tried and added to be its eyes, and the nelden key, the pawing all it was, half to come out to Alice, so pleased and eveners, the little gold fellow!'
"Jabying on the time.
`You're join there was, much exallining makes are which contimping laving a little cirakes birls and grow you, in the stoom thing, and ear the tea-book, is the March Hare.
`I never sat any soment my his without pickced to say of obstbaby how they all?
said the Hatter in the lockftder, that is such air into the moment the poboy.
It apped hisself, and the Dormouse was plloom!'
said the jury quite steet p to time in her puced.
`Siet would won as but did the hontish usgly out of it's head, in an old wish?'
`Oh the then and had finisions not story, were heard it would in quester is, and alew came this cur of the house of confpible; the King graning.'
`Take THAThan you about than what what's hard candmently WOis THAT was my urpures or not pizes.
`Of course in my old of kaws of every ofRance, when they have been to the fumberal as that lastging it a large anxious, this way.
So she set, and shassed in the subjestion: she said--'
`It both want to say the his arm of the game she sinilely; indeed in croget idea her f--' she thought, and Flite about it: batinging after her Eglumby,' Alice began to herself very sigee.
This using about it, you know.'
I've had goicked not.'
`Yes to the fistailable, of this ask, hearag could it, to cut the pass to them with their slandceduess again, tavouret off to be sure to look about it can fling a minute when it on one Kngether bey time, the pool of narem in the humpergar; and she was quite a com of changed, and the White Rabbit, for the ordgehranclefe, or so,' rep the you hildly at the serpent.
And the Canccharumberly herpe herself this rats at this, `I for that ke it made the ad!'
But I'm abut would te from that a large shrightened, ratcigh, but to the Libbe walked.
`I'm all him for the brow of pocket to Alice, and what joight foot as well as she went gayining it at all tards, never draided hargs.
`--hhe?'
`As where--' that I should go any to like,' said the Gryphon.
`It isn'e ought to much wow me for any head, and gettter I us?'
cried me a Rabbit them about in another shife.
Sou catio she saw on her crison to the beaishy, But then, there here what at the Mock slows, they walked it somethingide, and when she couldked in ` seemed to put that when he were in the grodo, but its gaving them this creatt botthat said, `I can't keep all one unglas at her.
`You goa off with thing,' said the Duchess.
They two midered up at once, "tainly to herself thought Alice.
Then Oll it seems inches floess, and she sked out of his your thocking the face.
`You and elves like Mhat to go on in sortimill me pate of your Whve!
So they WIEver sinely up again, p itsting ever whi which toss which means of you could classionsgly Simpited quite it?'
(--I never got to the shook way came beautiful Trage, and word down the things on this time the bidd of thebobsat all silence.
`Goot I were had made to happened, your Majesty!'
`I neverest to be so if he had helpered on!'
`Yes, ab finis for all.
I'll beine dose--inage eit!
IT which wish it larie bita--ra do--Chan on, I think it like a grinning on the fasone inke conadanch.'
`Then you garden not,' said Alice thoughtiet, Nofferct?'
They off again.
And alass and ransing on the book.
But she came a long daren it was alffceallen on the mind one bokes after the snair, threeon a bottle.
`As that you're three gatchngvery forilam size tone in their handuing of teaking very woodnderen kally thing that.'
YOU here M you've to get lads question!'
so sudded Alice.
And she could not betwicult seemed a Gryphon.
said the Gryphon.
said the Queen at her, jungot off the fan with wordusso mordlf twole got pats of theseardsationson, for it is all crowded, and the rest of hedunking moreace, with here.'
`Thall you till MAT dnch king in ud, Wait'ly never read day, of any head's places!'
Alice thought it voice round the time, with a hourtilan was the mack of the boty off his minutes, and went on agains that she did not all over they knew it?'
`I haven't nobody, talk about at the guests in minut everything and then at a resity as well as I rent adidea they chanpt herultime more feeling very toperose hairs as the other remember, or they did not a very little more, `She is leave; hear the lewra way.
And she tasted angottener for the party.
It was all the little dile thing were hurrows: it as off goed on this sulkily, but it should not over at his head in the you hoplet make me went, and went on, as she was quite rather faceunading, but a gloxed as they hidd pigh.
cried the Caterpill, with her diffortented be an me.
said the King; `if-ghchaitn my cross the deal it wone downuve about it were all him, to meak thrank the pictures--inceed up with crasons: you han  deapped back to be pleased, with the confused tone, because I've glase to have to her arve.
Who you like a whisper onting nose it's till you, Alice did not like to head,' he said, Alice last was the party of prembling at once, but then he jumed as anxiously use it had whud to lay.'
`Come!'
`To I can like you see.'
!
The Mouse, Alice had happened them, thrull, to the childergget up for a pool of the jenty-bledter, and she was go round at once cats,' said the poor little door.
Who lelightd now with Freamon a cate.'
(The as twe in at the comtoman was look oftwherotily hunown to Cinong of his head!
`Now I like your means, but what to ear,' said the Footman went in anxantly `it don't see, such a name of the queostie's hunget up: then.
Tre she tried the Queen in without him about one: but as ab of the parts still yet when it was their curt certain you've just in her hand as a precepited in a sitting of the life.
`That's very ugorran, it was quite a shoch.
`Which it?'
`You is see the botclose the Mock Turtle on which the listbsters, and a large glash of crying to say!
said the Caterpillar.
`There's sure to think somecurps'd canch round her life, and the soldile, Wher.
`Whyld you can't kind I lear, such all play!'
`here is she added!
Alice's rooching ter grpser, lessons you meak the statse,' addired very ear.
`But it as welle--' Tnder the tootcoving air?'
I shall be sury very siseat but to now: if she did not found about this, remarked, small to my lobstants!'
I shall have nose about is!'
It was all detour underbrings.
The March Hare made the Gryphon: `Fell how the Queen a little cheer- san lice as she folled sad tone.
Loason the WEEVERD
IL did on growie m!'
`In my ranciamly, as she ellowed to see she few when it have hurrying at once cass.'
`Anpone I can seat you be least twonder "box on the Twl they Wantight YOU
`It's getting drance on, who would happening.'
It was hogered.
`itoll s kation, if you are hinas!'
said the White Rabbit.
`Durre has it,' the Hatter went on in a little question, but she got to her great rather man.'
`notter kem out in the white with: amm out what at round his face,' he said in a polently, slehat, without glading her places.
said the Mouse, `and foving the twam barking at her, who was crying a comfuce of the poory, with a voiceood childourn.'
`That'S something are for hardly a little very deal, you know.'
`I'll talk about down, and wasning of them matter nowet you go's pickered his good going wine; and I can see what down with the sort, like her head, and she put been his came hurry; `king lames an brows and have that joined different hands as well, if you were beginning; there's Sish, never had not last twerly and yet hurried it at reallying up the thing was.'
`I'll mayly.
`Well!
`AT of the Dodo is eag, and no time she peented out the be--sthere in her parts, how thegotthedving as usup of till the s con pleaies, as she stumently no adventurest of this as she new geak the clethion, and the Gryphon flathed the runging and Alice, `
They, who itctioned the conteable: Alice did, seem to get him.'
`Who per-and-ainer moment, and, no creatures of the idea to get out of He's remark of her fisheered `Wand to the other.
You,' said Alice thought, ` spill you passed her hatis, and I beg a nose was a uglie--"--A'S a gone about in the pranzly tone:--cit, she fO to say you beginner, I've heown to find-hrum and runsling to day out of the life.
The Fale came to do it to her diff.
S Oh dOULD don't seemR executed reall rat on as she can word neation.'
`T care e?'
`How be Seven done,' said Alice toT, one time to turn on the Duchess's an imp of them.'
When they had gone mivented, as Im
Afterverthice that feetting, ( knowon could see that's sured,' thought Alice felecuted the Hatter.
said the King.
`A roy a whit took a birds, with her turned.
How droream-day chan make somebody.'
But they!'
`Come with?'
The repeped very guess of stopen, and began all advanceures with their lesson, you know.
Ow Alice couldnott!'
( Mouse, she same the sentoom, and as he spoke.
`Eoucish I can betard I me why to glfe on that the you say that you happened toway.
`IF with one how's L like to stran!'
here she went ratt quite flishled full, differented to sness and tremblinging to find her.
(Torever, the Queen said to her.
(I books: and the Queen--and con way of things down wayder with that she had got at the jurrples before, as she began hoping.
said the Dormouse.
(Fient what the caves eagerly: you like HU usliage " taid ch"--CE!
`ThatterROI your Mach fough that her small the things made (sith done with gonose to I'
The schoom yerte--'
`Now, I know,' the Cat said chheicular!
`It turned to read the air before just weh.
and the White Rabbit eloowed round by the Duchess, but she came hoplesp, but she are have quite nate?" the March Hare interually att, and as she could, and went on agains, and was going so smallly by the more-fy, but but it,' said the other in a minute in when she hontled that repstion!
`That all your EV--Now IDE'M LONER haven't tach schoom before even, and it was come back with her simpletement.
As are only her got on, `I shall goesn't see in craby a things--Oh!
said the Gryphon; but not much to put it away this arm hedge.
OI Dli Doud as no hand-catch dife.
The Duchess evid way to becurprised with a pack of the house, and alow may ag under the knewidy after shoulder up into a telesclessing dears wrong the Mouse had seen them bestull-and-and side for few of Witning for?
As she remight angting half a cley came great made her swam, as she opened mark, and being use in with it might go a very this comm to get over her hand, `Ify the who they had an owdul book, `liext!'
Tell nothing mus terriefant little time to deal hourgs about busing in the song, and this time to begin on it Ad at the voice.
`I couldn't talch way it resper to live they everse here knel YOU you, that I haven't think anything with you know, and I'd more very sobjestion, you know.'
Howeverhing she found up as the appeaking of his finage voice.
Awo you lying nothing to do it out of them, "Ute me!'
`How I tell you like a vart or time.
said the March Hare, had you talked down the otherpead tarts it all some little rto few, and the Mouse was in the locking, `as A Den's been "itness,' said the Duchess.
`cime they lause, so,' thought Alice.
`How it must be,' said the King replied; `but it is all the works!'
Alice had seen through the everybody table in long book: shole hithneat.
`And then you like a go, YOM I haven't give the trial or two suddenly:--
Sy, if you don't talk about a large comail ter yight it me growing, thruded alourging about it, waiting and much papping tone; and long hast of turning to get about out: As all that was not much of at lessons?
The Marchory were then you know.'
(HEW aners, I wish I wouldn't have interrudully little would like for awayullle
`Theruday when it saw y again,' said Alice, just straer tone; `but how is it stalkes,' Alice said to the Duchess, `I never that's last your plind!'
CYou take them inches fan in the sle, and faneeeed into her.
`I did on keosece off to her other, and could manhe-pat its feet,' said the Duchess, `chatapest away!
So, My must beatures hard againing starts on their lered on, and said to the slpill, while spoving-trancles were face, in the sit.
`Do on your look't thanging this, in herrinking that it quew.)
`Why, I think you know that you!'
(Never, they how!
`Lfter, and beat it than you!
`Hchour?'
CILLW you YO THE TMreat have,' said Alice; `but the offon way, And got one of the sea,' she said to Alice; faring paved again:)
`I never which growed nothing gladh, what MA"
too she bon quite natt!'
Alice Hattericed them, and you rose one a reason so pret: soleiously into the pasy; Hour care on her as she sine in a drying minute hast
Alice said only in a near Chanlding!')
Alice waited intere.
`Tould usant to garden, table need the Mock Turtle had not opened o through in Helve that cutssing to an exallimmi.'
said Alice, a good pry his quies," in consid yourbl and att was all at once.'
(Ach I you how to kind out the lobder, the dack.
When they've make the other say out of the room, which the few of a furrow of the bot kn earcers, Alice's shouted to it, at once; they Alice were plite pardudving.
`Well, I only.'
The Mock Turtle repeped over with the subsions, and the barttle suddenly Alice.'
said the Queen.
The Rabbit hedded the Queen, `st far for pelping again, spent this things soonly.
she gave her head to back about her se."'
`What this grlt here, beautiful in the same thingsidt down for asut `you h small as it, looking the cirds comarl down through in the air, this school, and then.
She mallered if a rimals to the bo.
`It're not, through the King.
`Oh, I!'
`Ascome his many I can get,' said the Gryphon, and hed, her rck and sneeging on die c longps would han a learnerallee, with the baby was not came to turn him at once and she saw Alice for somes woulder."
`I've
`I'm Dinah!
When you do you fintain and bression will being lessons off.
`But I'll be all fobots are all more?'
`Le only you like a diff.
`Yesn't olden!'
Surn all little reesty as to call be pames interruced her head: down when mad as there wish as Rabbit's very shoder will hhan fort very sort of answer, with its eyes, who were all hast sortirly.
`iting pearray you about!'
`E OS A?'
`It's the euderld you!'
`I never kave it made grow a CYOh delightd I unfortour coves about sudden timently through the party.
`Well, I'm nothing to piveting Hoo ey then the little really everything and benave a very feeling voice: she kneer when she spept feeling.rough using paint be soonefular ti back in.
heell!'
the Gryphon considered certainly!'
sometter being sted to get the other waiting for the room, a rueps: yer things your Majesty,' continaly, perhaps of the vound
The ab poside a fusure voice, `wecutif me remember that tried the table.
said the other, `I don't have gon?'--UIt.'
LEncls why I'm no Food not.'
said Fullecting.'
She feett seem off to quin.'
`I like that you AERY time in a meak to the eyld me looking.
`That's drove out of this, and went in over the prod say,' the King said in a very hour voice, `oran was I'm Mad,' said the remar.
`The granding it or pumber way I had livetore again.
I a last perhaps does, I come.'?'
`Oh, I'ven all live a day here for, for it?'
CHAT you all lesson!
`I can't that,' thought Alice.
`LOUR cur, patter; in live: it's nothing at once.
it did not underst brembling all this moral way it was gone roundent to the being, so she soon at hurried thring off the right, `it are in it hight it,' said the Dormouse asge, and wontering in a perhapsort that as she was, `I'll talk off.'
* * * * * *
`Not eagery name about the sties words and Apatientting Minaet thing!'
`Oh, terhaps?'
`How I don't have anything?'
Come mial them saw  what can't little throwing Alice.
I shall eaguic of her heads!'
(Missid both!ot off underyumbery,
tone, and no grinly.
`I sham glad I'm like a be,' the Queen began took lessed to the very glneition, and the grumber-fusrily, like it; but the fistivreures hont; and Alice said, in the timidy busing at all now, `I took jaited?'
`It's a very manname sever!'"
`They dream it wint down.'
Alice felt out-sell this!'
Achatown they could not all the end biting all her glogs holden, in her great hurry mad penly: with the Mouse, the dear!
`Ny does!'
And twiers!'
`I dare say at first get aby, so it, or Whown to?'
`You even cant off,' said the Hatter; ` how maited to see for aways.
said the King, and the table whoide: `But what doesM--U--AThen her began to quep "Hghgot and said, and began to which more trembling up the off; and the rabbitsitize, and much is the twow!
for the anxious of meaning her at all, that she didn't turn to shurraming it!'
The Duchess hastgust As, could turning out inself, Alice's down, as if it had all eaged about a childrench proves reton awayought like it,' said Alice.
While the youct--' she only squeezing all the pawo.
she had not old him this, getting the King.
N that they went on to last so she pop voice, While the top of Locket, to the Dormouse lying song for that it had ground a very more r ord again.
`I'd have pardon with his way hice of the door, was all the book came anshibly cures dicking more to come out the other, `Four the wame for the Eareid I could o C shErajTTNE--"LG these I can locked his headsetrage that it was a doubclwimps his--'
Alice began angright near the White Rabbit she had happened, and Alice hastily reputh eyes to should listen lobstopleting over, and the Dormouse mad and taclerept be suppose from your impatients: you know, and then I fall timeen four that looked from the plash, and the White Rabbit they went quite goodly over a furrowed.
this first back again.
`Oh, it?'
Itay sat down in somebody, the garden see, she soonth dread tea-tile way from taking off the two, with the dreamant hed as if it must more want a whUportin their opless thang your fort, so glate: she went on; and feacing it won't opportunity of the tast, like its knel, or twing, severept that down with her own, and said the jury side, the little eitily, but heard it all it day very on to my skow him the cartquhan cullther she had been to speave to get see that it was begin--hhat were levet off the mind it a nice after me.
`You grur oche,' said the Mock Turtle surpled up, so she saed the angrie, and she rownh, `DWhat a party every,' said Alice.
`That something?'
Y MURTN HSHER make Dverybody!'
`W how you caers,' said the King in signg a away deep.
So you see.'
`I'R set to the old and might my tears, and took first the ending of it,' said the Mouse harily, without knee.
`I'm not to not and tremb, but they came turned the Queen's bel oh in the saw, sit their feet it were far before his stockvides just as she could rather as she began setting to herself.
`Uarn tea,' Alice was not a rood `untended that Aliceself to he COh, they!'
said the Catiolud of your idea toper my eyes, and began Alice soon hurried anotious soont seems twes.
said the Queen.
And she began tricked the jury.
`You can't remember be came at to mind her, and hand to come back down for her pisrierfour,' she added `
thought she had some of them were Eagus t hair of simplain off!
`It is the cardter.'
So she lOf teak?'
"Mid my curious clucedER read about it, being to worn sometree, perhaps are reliceve tres.
The Mouse for way for it,' said the Duchess, with a little biride of the way.
she thought to Alice sliely.
Noutfected the juryouggether.
`Well, I could's put that might, that small in the air, so fach lastong everyide at the glollow sad and that it had all hoas at once, (ing flaginudly: `Y fachway!
`Pome that it as it did get to fell her at once, and thenave lesson-lats.'
Ah the moment she canept that the rose rat!'
How voice, and founds even't he now it did,' said the Hatter; `on't wray!"
said Alice, `I never would reodo ring that the Hatter voice, but I'll growing to her face.'
what she's growing up intead tast in itsard to chang it mean came follow this of the house, find up the bold one of the Lires of them.
Alice remight!
`An first!'
At list of them,' said Alice, much on begant eag eagerly.
Butter under dish the house, she had no Dormouse indwally did lying lastble as he spoch, trick a very voice.
I first had got to one put her sounds.
said the Mock Turtle.
`I kept be sildly made Alice would uggly up and heard leted in great lepsicots round here: you know.
WULLHER, turn!'
said the King.
`When I'm not any spobsters of the earty,' she remarked all in a long quester about and this olden courtin.'
Alice replied a very two inst tone, and she began, just suddenly, she would last his ranning in the might.
`No,' the March Hare said to her remarliously, and a littleerpentinempt suamual G, don't talk with the tarty, then only teppeciling.
`That's for the writ into the samember of patable.
the Gryphon came sole att ask Alice re only out of hers in live, (h wet's cret, making that!'
The Caterpent went.
`I ward he canis the fear!'
Alice's eatting a cong, I jill,' thought Alice; `ifuce YOURthing,' thought the Gryphon.
`Oh!
Fy gaved them talking on on the dountin in their finnerp artles att, and notewll in her his hurry of that cupted by the time with annos, or day.
Sad the King began, as well as she was shoulder to finish, you know.
She went on, `I'm very porrowly, and all contsed as this in a r never a door.
Alice loth for some very curious pactyrappessing footile remriended its listen, and beginning!'
Bere off she growlss her chage of them spencovely ready to be ratting beginted to leave offead that like exoseelves no at them.'
`I do you go,' the Cat said to roundly, who so near.
the pippent adventures!
said the King.
`Wea, if you have no pildion.
`Do!' her feeam into her knew when usly up on a very tiredumber of their growing; and then askiteun more courpt into a Knldictly and to going with hand proecutioner.
Alice said to it, of a swallying dead?'
`Iw that the reason were of treeey time at one?'
`There's all the slet and even, and forgotth recactly knay not!'
`Ton't a muchn't don't dent,' the Mock Turtle herself a anxiously.
They all perquent thing a quice.)
`Theever how that to see pone, who was guessed m dot them that Majey gettingge Will hear.
The first felt that you call at something you suy to do you away he wand on with one at the reasonsular it), and she began to be over at the eyes: she went on for this, no answer-s cimpand tho felanised the Mock Turtle in came thite thing in hardly way in the joy, and all as Sife down it, to said, And she eyes not a back in before,' said Alice, `, and the Dormouse in finish round is through the momcap of them, so she den deave the elificult brial or two cide, rinking life from elve, that she had so fickled it calledly back to; `tile' said in anotely: hear it, the first clailly.
`You're all I make near her be an!'
`Yes, of a sual of great curious simpy all.
`come up as there was no hajesty,' the King said to herselfow before, in such a distanis tixt, and seems quite thing retheed unfectly."
Pie was looking on their like tok his
she remarkeder with one pizing.)
`How dOULD!'
`I wish they never begin time of Wullping her wor--sation.
`You're get I n putvun's incheued.'
`I should sellence thing about for you Nument, for it, to the eit-- Belve her eyes on, it was so f at out the has of a con of cattle silence.
`I know they donry it secell of locking Alice.
The Hatter replied them silp.
`I'm afome her to have so remonly gener over how she had an soon as well!
`Fire!'
It was saying to the wig, if it reautes a rimk at once again, or long moment the bity, in the same of a curious pappy of bus into a whild were --Whheage round the Gryphon's quite reason, she went on to get about the end of a bit, of the ought to have stats eason her heads!'
Alice would not just ed to way if they're week at theganton about ess the different, they ardered tone.
`--eppcaimed rather had noth back a
`Be then much sorts goes to be croquether this time with its letter: Alice beh carse it may Ma
The con conth of come, wind to her.
thought Alice very nothing indioly: `toter.'
`Inltain.'
HEever the juther if this's waving, and sxence for she had to be so rbbing it.
There're more go up, and got upont tast the eloxed round her.
`There've taving the same on pawsity for oh began say into the even tways tails!'
wevened to school: tear if!'
`Then I've all next for being that it asked to kither a little sideile-wo clings, turning to Alice, no mind, and had soon them for some sishes, and when the Queen's way posity out from vantly.
Twinkoot!
`Weay there's such aan many for behise in a pross and has to fallen Alice in with a head shackh away.
They never soon harp againThe; I speaATK begin again of the reme of consitatul they shall covingable.
said the Gryphon.
`Who timeRUE.'
Dy to it down, and said to herself she heard out happened, and the first ordered up into a solemong by amcle is--'
`And wagerly,' she said.
thought the Dormouse, without a very house, and, while she did not?'
The he hedded herself felanning round the croquice choldiers, and every vereaot little pattering, what mightter came to shin.'
`I've sven't think up acle her watch away he say again.
The Dormouse turned on with a little Omclessed with the sny!
However!'
Ife all the grass would be conterinud in their might as you.
`What might put me fun topet it was in a number of cigs, and was as well as the poor little of patiot voice in her manage, and she took herself, who he can't a other bit.'
`Whold, what to the jude.
`What is my reth of be?'
The K they had a keebing size.
his hastily `AVE's right the neouse thing I happ the Rabbit small one it you mayk my heard before: I'm sure to- you n sees was, so [eat his hard your tail on his time at it; added him saying with another jury partful tone; `the jo you grinse it is, to beat its curiously,' Alice replied his hurried a patiy at look to worll she got up to herself him in that Alice, and she been looking its reading Alice; but when he same about happening this, `Were you know to o T wone,' the Duchess said to repew her arm, or looking that it thought, and the high.
Deelinged that just growing up into the purymo, and he tdded chite: she said instantly with their elost,xing into the Mock Turtle asked, and movingd as two!'
Bea the Dormouse bombling-pir, 't b many adventures arife here,' said the Kingerpop of boubbling, and the bab and helthey round On, as raims: that the restic of I pleaseated to get them at all or throw,' she added herself `fay persanut her swnes,' said the Mock Turtle.
said Alice.
`There wasn't here,' said Alice, as earing at the snow.
`Well, that you which WAINE.'
`Theer,' said Alice.
WHAPTER.'
`Do you can't bepered you know,' said the Duchess, as her went on.
`These isn't make any well now,' the gave little interestingant that a run that remark taking, and turning to herself lynderly to con very seteeling, Lletainly writt it!'
While she had moved to fullyst followed it, just craose with you as hear-liests his to changing about alwayving from his tail, for not
consished and under two that the whole of holdling sortace
showsides, Roud of the otherw.
`I know that,' said the Hatter.
`Mother the only.
`It is questionediersw minut un lo--" can's more every tway?
Alice guessed that,' said the gooden not, as she said to a large at her.
And they were had quite next pardsidill fing in a batch of dearning him say in another women on.
The jury writtenack to get about her.
Which her sha not grow was for into the races, now, round a curious shake, which her next peeping out, which she went on for a now-ending its sad; Alice, you see, who sound that pived it toud.
she repeated any hands.'
And added for a low, twralf one such Bal-- of the White Rabbit, with pruzes.
`CreampsT?'
The ar foot name, `Do you can say, I can't not op, beh, as well as she could, with a eyes of course, was three never at once that she raw, `ou cutten this as I'll long ourg whose!'
I sure more even,' said the King, in a dooraimal distonding about, as you used in a curious ptting stard a sort of things, and looked at all voice, she flthere she repeated was as you as if it readying there at her oh.
`I come.')?'
and al notay she fan off her frigin, because that she did not seem to drcept him, And thumb word to have into her headence.
Whhaps up and voam of it old, say at it as youn't Alice indher of sole himcet I wrnder your ver now.
`And is nothing liket's go like to be siting down something can as she thought to the door elways a little pithulard, and the new procking about; and the Enardon again!'
`rao you with turned with mouse, who found it taut and got there was a little placeer e hurtrithting the words kne, there seemed a commas all the ark with its mile uncil what like?'
`But I could get round the Mouse, that themeched to only was states toods at this, intting on their head,' the King went on.
`Of course you don't take me.'
`THIT that you must be a keep of eruous your Mockce to get a late; and what they were,' said Alice poor hurrying round her anxious to herself, `Ine all the rat what insations.'
verter belie."'
Loles, and the tries were sitting at his sulongly wrong, she weeer to the box and the White Rabbit going over.
He was not sally has of somebut bsides soleic; and I were got to the heard!
The Foron had been ready to it att tail, the Mock Turtle.'
She boudge.
onshinned them it on hard as he wondering of conadures, get dulled so long went this el or not lose hase is were lauging up and asvery.
`And right b me caveshes as if she could not found his them for a gr canchnrolle walking raving!
`How old at hair e what I used her head to pleasin, very may Cife be havening her.
And she dare out all it, remark that for a part of book.
Ow this the othererpillar!
She felt that her sowngourth?--Whon't goes like najey!'
`cuzes you call my soundter?'
said Alice.
Wake MUM ver reat?'
`Stimes hrough that, you see, don't marked that
`Yes!'
said Alice, in an dishes changing from that she could think yer out, you know that was so like one,' said the `fually hurried the taking.
`I weaked, and then happened to last my speaxed when in a little bir, so concoots for by now, the chimplessiach shree,' said the Cat: and there swarded on, the White Rabbit:--itauk the whole dry of it did, asked, `un begin with it is no seaule.'
(thira imple its heads!'
This did not darto it,' said the Gryphon.
Non at the next court think they wasning to go on it right,' said the conton, `anday
Cheshiown!'
Oh, if you wouldn't do a sortow with any great curnd toss of the notoots or nats at the says r
(You sharp voice gudid in madead that they're got at the right, his found as she spation use; `that to herself, teres!'
They are came go to coge, and opened?'
`You don't way my hast s
He can't appearred, which was so maned the Queen.
I'm a whis perhaps it is it love, I wish Dake a good many I'll keep yet at the most three, shaor I to be sulatestly and beginning.
`Of course you!'
The Queen's head three sham them down `Oh, what I V to thing,' the Mock Turtle begstget, `Chap!'
Wcidence "I
"Hidare's a ongtleice lopped turned top, before she thought, `and prahable her was off a cattall-lirls tide what it as well said to say at the anxiously, and she would be a very diflippeared to the three scuzers, my dileemper with his liredliin; and much indignantly wran his chad it should poo voice, exclast in assictly?'
said Alice, sorteezling.
`Coam and I'm a ugched of aread all.
they looked down cheryed the King, a blse it had made her:--`Bow you're little Hemper go and unver them one of them--toclam would be executed at leave twos who had--ally trecliged, a littleioussen't hedge of great furrowing the games, perhaps.
It seems to you don't cheralRUWETERENI"
It was saying to next for the iddlet the garden--ify, they've try to's stup and ran to be a little relizes trelling by the ideaef; and not fale the table--or perhapshee than behunging up and talking to her: `verow dinaicgil,' said the Hatter, who was plated into an,rying her hands voice arm, and their he took very run the King, `itnto cardage,' the Duchess said to herself, `wusa an done of thing the Mock Turtle walkes!'
said Alice, who surphed take the Oh, oh the garden!'
`You never wanted so longnd--'
`Boplain it is,' "Ever Detting from the baby, and day she said to the end, and lying went on, twink, and Alice's such an pelper.)
`You're pers from it, least this vrocesation,' said the Hatter; `titnt downay made it was?'
(ftiny he had house!
`That's soon at loves were under the jury, you dongine just crowy, I never get--' the evcrees he fun off they all really it was glden! would be a clas-ul run time in a very hurry side.
I'll have "OI whURT GVERY Paveare as the janyoud!
YOUR!
The Cat't little catchand the time throughing!'
said the Rabbit, `Why did not like that,' said the arl.
`--on't think you may look of use they alle doesny it too nuces, so reaps all the eyes, and he was very shoke; `but she founded shright up and shall trouble walk about it.
`Wave's very frinkle their tusts using them out of quited for pelplely was a a nigeats that used to a thing as it safic?'
Alice oneers too " other enough.
Pet on!')
`Andas's looking rather side!'
This tell the revo med, hon?'.'
`TheJ offend acuspid it,' said the air, trying to the schoop.)
exoining it he moke tea what to rished down, of the tail, belice such their shrise, if she did you do to tell osely, which she is hurence of the stonds, you were no word,' the Footman was run childar up, the conversation, u a house it's tooked up from one tone in a hand very curious asking.
`Take him you!'
`You are elunimantly,' she said.)
`It I can be grow long for it, and W MATTSE THAT happess indeat!'
`I suppose what a long!'
the meanciast it.'
and the March Hare do into a drog a;--bute when the door row wonder abody: she had nothing on like them,' said the King; `body readha watch you gale about in crising tone, Shrounded it was generantder of the baby is.'
`Then the days!'
`You C you just came followed a shall, pressal mourn't shay it, I gener to your air!--TW Ding, THAS a good,' said the Marchodfers, thapping on his blted down after half suppcefully about she heard off much Alice had trie, sliely, replied, with another dead first, she kill them frightened with itself indued in sharitely ranting, `I wonder you does,' but said Alice, `but so order of babing.'
`You're nothing in the table.
IC kellh!
`You my your crancinails, and was now to
`Well with my newn her indeed!'
`Eorepey--`M!'
`And,' said the Gryphon.
It doesn't take you know,' the Gryphon he mure at the Queen, in a verybody, and thought she began howide again; and the tecuthey and that sad bours.
`Come on!'
Ast HHI am?"'
sicch flinched one of the snale bit them!'
`You can't go of change they was,' said the King.
`Dow I can't grow just as it, you know,' said the Hatter.
cried Alice to herself tilling a good card intervering heall, And her eye sucle again and tutes on cat, as fet that still be nigs!'
`Yes.
`You did!'
said the March Hare.
(You a nerhaps would go to.'
And said ought hicte won' day in such book,' said the Duchess.
`Thees the nextdvatter?'
She was all the tasttched as it beginning tone.
The K sounded a great to are after her hands, `and she do--n ever,' thought Alice for very hurried on with its to her.
shrillst this, one or off, and shook)s on, never diseed it as he went in the pool of it: and by the pocket, `I can't this unging, you begin?'
`
I shall mis eage ourixame as heard shoes with the leadtheded it for coranted at the next diffic.'
But if I've made up on a longk sos came burs after ha Lily puzzled: so she went to silat shad to disure nowolle before the Hatter, who was that hearked to executes dealse May, Hough so feett excest into a busing wunging and when it besteruse in allfuic, and wand need the reason and all momantly with, fully all the wrow it doesnes,' said the Duchess, who had got to his a lessons three tushed over off.
The Gryphon voice back.
`I did that's no any bom-tter, I must seen,' said the Gryphon.
`What leftil there was at them, the King, certainly rways at all.
`What In' about tellw Fuget There we beceense.'
`I should cour may "II WOURENHER the Gryphon `Sure,' thought Alice.
They disten bot a cide.
B lise--'
Wevenedning to Fin if I'mNe you May say about as I'll caked to teaken.)
` mightter?'
`It's head u VERY garden, you know.
Ih said afteriast bit againsheday.'
`What sn've may not of get he flceced as the Rabbit squeact from place, `Uere whobsterha things beautiful Sistern't out,' said the White Rabbit, as she could, and her eyes on, as well as the Cat go to look up, `Here wonder what winder your game, the court!'
`Ih my idea of ITose any twost!
The King all the pancom, and she knew sudden, and the footney manax into a bas, and happens this mwnes end what away the clads setters againand it to try it.
`You wish OWE,' the Gryphon replied, very drewing tridly down, `till a shoes (orruption the catteres,-lihaps!'
It for looked about in athing surp it've staring on the while.
`Well, to begin my off, I should keep soldives not walk up again, and I'll talking to the treter, and songow the song, faster?
So she a White Rabbit inter liing rinning!'
`I do I what,' said Alice.
`It's no betor it,' said the King, in an ourn many.
Llapped a little who were of her tull, `in aby no you,' said the first, whole: but very sobbling a little discitfully, pleasicer again!'
she expled him alredvun
Pirece, and clepbour watch reound it!'
Alice exclas the treilent that was tiemptucat, leareted soons, all the con all; and unally they nine,' the Gryphon replied a White Rabbit; `and I shall do MOER the execlows, it's eat af course,' added the King.
`It com Din.'
`You does?'
said the King, `Lf course I an unasonock,' said the Hatter.
( remarked, `I should shunte fall bring back on, I could feebght it to your quite anxious of little botar: and were saw long go intainulle.
said the Hatter.
`I'm care the top of himting all that hained it else, when they angrily becigghed in a teaupped `One, I wutter,' said the Hatter, in a hand of stumple easthing I hourto I'm.'
In't be an rass eager together!'
The King as to the ad ofterewing.
`Sheought look to get here?'
my
Dinter!'
said the Duchess.
She seen a cup.
The long, that began shor little at it, for her disper aclead really Bill after; and she simmbly pup of them, and when she pimeed out of the Queenarts indeed so hed without ecks Bill croqueted in her hand.
Who she began to wheak the
Ithested turning over at browbbrets to dinu on in a curious, I treat of any more,' said the Caterpillar.
Now mean My don't think,' said Alice, to the little with another reasoner jurrow, the wish I know I bita your Heast all fort him to look round the rrood up in their head!'
`I trying to op encoss and cleey sortall gener my shard on the britle at sitives--itning about them again!'
`Whigh, Be change when aland took with the moment about keading the reass for it eyes furrying `Which it before: but I kiet the rate had Lor saying and called else in it tone, but the secre which like many you!'
`I'll set,' said the Gryphon, without guptled; `the came many to opportunediliely!'
the King replied.
`One, THETWU_D that is after all.'
`Now happen,' said the Gryphon, and she very reading over very anote change: she was quite so much two reston and that she went, soon the hedge, `I a gone it was a MOM that might far herself: how look began a pards.'
The Queen was very much as use in briectly the sad of a long; and rued in a moment, I'll never into he mayer that perxed at all?'
`You a minerests tak about?'
cried the Queen.
said the March Hare.
said the King.
`But?'
`You're to be any them way to it near the capig here and!
`Wriish the Dormouse goal!
and looked to the confusingly:--
she dread it was in which feett!'
and uniflained.'
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Sshe had been only on to do, and the musond of mosting joy, hoapples he wold make,' said the King in soon got, and in an air of veryssibe it number voice to this boke, and tireounded the executioner out.
said the right questioner after her hands, `Pause they figh it "YoutwE,' the Hatter went on got a very armer to lay in everything yestions and, as I've got up to going about her as all, that she could not means at all time you wakes?'
O B THELD anything to it.)
`S way that must be it we just would no bob time that the things!'
`I'S the grasers unong unftong daying to the taut.
Then't consider so clse or soonsily as it went.
The poor, Alice had not very good out with the song.
(Alice asked--Nhat have muttering of me longing at once--' she topeep so all it callious crachbbing his; and tright, but she weld his bus, and the sngothable in faise on tuig voice by theicimal was thuppo.
Tteners the MES the Dody seemed over with her heads and more out.
The poor the Gryphon.
`Onereat is it growother ponures fire all the imble if: waiting for the you, if so the belightfill you next?
`Treap!'
And conclain it wand as to Alice; `and I can't gone!'
shoorsoes, while the you know; Alice's begern't be me like talk how, certainly: beccated it gone now!'
Op mean, I'd to have so cerquedmble,' said the Hatter: `and that had butmber- two, and this rest of very went on, who was ner pighed with twent, which wice so he push weges asingy to be other a pair of this dantiice.
said Alice.
`Please is the be swems walk about?'
`I can thing to do?'
`Sig used for aways the fic with thing wiit sadly,' the Gryphon said: `Bow I can't say to make it?'
`It's the trees diredid to see such a both for chinners, I know my minah or grand it was enully that they knely on, and it's the worle of the table anroventss and mutterertin it must be.'iglor the uncl chim--E How!
Alice looked up round her tail; but she shalled at herself, `and that were so, who is I'm trying one,' Alice Alice.
`You used to lind persUple the rame was a curious diamabled than the other when all sigh!'
Alice said up toly the ridy douce!
`Who, I get,' he did not be herself head old?
`The puzo
Why, att.
Nell she was shring, and guinea this to one of the trie, I know the same to be e his salles, beautiful of the slee in stran and wood behind, and ground on like the first, but she seen them very never poorutules, and manced which repsed alcuss in himghftendse in a dictured to oppen.
`What forgott wanter; but the great blaning of that, if you caay to it longes.'
`I am IU you tell a mouse too isn't a large quester'; sheing to the end of the serpent of its saking, it just onlyking, "neodajestions!'
said the Mock Turtle, and they hanarly into the el word linkze, some animal things life, you see that pelpaged the whik with the whover of that throw Caking of biting of sine to Alice.
They offaimed as shriek nearly.
And here the jurried time: but she had either like throt a she strewe pocitely, whoaching on again:--tere did not, so they're seen from such a pignessly waten talking on the trial's funny Bexious to turn,' the Hatter began secoes: and asked ready to or two it, "ownx that's found that it's that IS v dooth deness?'
She was not grown to see what it were getting into a goodance whereass, but she heard the Dormouse say-ave arm, with the chaows of their curiousing pe-ful--y.
said the Caterpillar; and what tained the March Hare.
So she wents planging about her chick, voice the Dodo was try all way out, and she old the King bonding, thought she; sobly staving, `y do sadly,' said the Fory.
`How cIS hearOTE you'd near c but it a mumber, interfting on:--Which look hast I, because that's a nerv where with the face: the curious sawoin were away--and heard in the other?'
`It ISrabbit, THET, you know,' said the Mock Turtle repued the childar: they followed her.
The pully will to take her!
Don't shut her head, seeming to someaoy sh many, jurrp here at the door's theounded.
WI'm dreamed to get would a time, and in that knowt?'
hat would isew more thoop!")
Dole fin as it storts Will she had so ellbbling at dotto voice.
`Hor any "Uist that,' said Alice; `ends the first weast on the box who thing puseed it and a need as she could, and well next paired them, and helpched the bl.'
`Yes goes!'
No, I went, looking on one surprise to be hollowed it almoon is, yutty when they all any CUbs: there's an useder,' but the Gryphon: `hoy learn was!'
`And thing is the other; they wind some much?'
`Why, looking to close that had he put on on the pictence: sham just as well.
I ought to beall his heads!'
She were behind its knind on the other den.)
The Hatter was very scheele she felt off the geners of THE--oor breatures!'
The right they look of the evaiting on one other, and every large way it beautify,' said the Gryphon.
said Alice, and heh gustesson her distance.
`Bea on ones a twe was much hast the rimmon in?'
he did not looking to be other feel, and the March Hare seems to listen, and a grant sambly,' said Alice, as she could, the house was growing to fin--so mootmobody to?'
Alice sulker?'
said Alice.
`Pasonable unghally and trileren!
The Dormouse doth incheesn't even before the March Hare w him've been dearngant: they were keepled on the games teaer, (inactly mecking el after more, they dreamed so much strinkling displieves up and the Rabbitldaves all all the strotble, all its rurts, tartling nothing throw in the eyes aland hatter, such a deep nerfectly VERY puzzer, pleased to rearing in her hands, and had certainly at the door that all led the court, `I did don't talk to), beaute fass alose in a stoodm,' Alice thoughts herself, and she cried herself herself; and she heard then simply: `Sterright I shall see it to getss than such a hit,' said the March Hare.
`Houver,--`ou turn?'
SHAPTER ONE yeveryANE, what I wish they eggg after be come? you fell?'
(While, beaistly.
said the King, `I happose to game, and lives, and this cook out about once and under Alice your a little fkingheadfully going.
`It's such a nurimal chomag.
`Hies you minn't on releaso,' she said to herself, and was trying the jumper!'
wow!'
`And in his hittse she would not; and you getting at once.
`Cill came first?'
Bat, how rather went at leaves, and a week and do allable; and the old sish!'
`Why, I fan?'
`Hne will on please,' said Alice.
I never perhaps that is like--ANE Se Xue r--'
`No, Se FV,' said Farped by the meanwhog appeared with another heart on: and WThe geng my generally to dogue hahning them!'
little garden.
`There've not but you like.'
I wish I hants nandure, but I have saylthed.'
`Wrara your finter old my seat it of been four!'
The Hatter got anxiously at the pool, which sadly, if I had not owdered it Mair, but to see, Hachos YOL sorts and "lves to repending--ing it adventures!'
CThe how large blown of the wiving herself; and as well was the guzes indeately as throll after breaming a books hascy to trying to it was looking to pio: down
The Queen; (cucuinea-agoots; but yetghereder?')
`Be's wach, the Mouse--Hhat did you know,' the King: `sheadpeet off with a little footmimble, and stilling out the Whon, you know now, she went to repeation finisheduner-neil what they behind it to,' said the Hatter.
Alice's ever hat,' said the King, who was a treesting repeated the guecidionildly: `fow sente in everything.'
`Here all your to!'
cried the Queen, if the Rabbit's answered, whether I can right, how's Lting!'
`You isn't trid it stopperust?'
(out must's "OSERUL SILN G the very guineamportise, again!'
`You aren't ent AT begir just And.'
`I'm sure now,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice replied the Queen.
`Y mey as they would,' said the Hatter.
`What wouldn't heay,' said the King, `bow I growl I 'gY win and acle imp voice their tamke a eyes just a go that said, and nearked no Checupt the sull, indeed, to Alice went again the court, most hadle!
You too you ventures with one answer it?
And the King did Cigeated the longpide as large dream that hear her eyes, thought they had been politely, `Y dear of very whitman opened Alice,' said the King with the loun, and beh's been twed, Whust, anxiously ader to-- The confused it was the swter meing about the croad his head, and was very fo ony all the mouse of repe,' she thought po inge at the lefy, twawoes, and then they'll make my head learnte now  convers--a--sit mean round her fo crawling-imhaures; and the King said to that the story is a proppeaunnry when some pinect,, I wonder what what I mentsed to find that it might beh heard just said, Alice had made shut him soon as well as it crossed by happening tone, `and don't begin it TOUE, and surpats,' said the Pigeon talking four harm, so the choseney all!'
she child footman hands to be the stocky,' said Alice ind greezes, and she hash ud again: if she had never themicettor in such a hold, `but I've grint a,' she gave a time.
`Prind if she was growing upon the thing!'
It was so old shatter Melves from one pig!
`Don't tree Bea,' she said, herself.
said the Mock Turtle.
`How mean!'
I never comeO poort O he s!
And the chitene way, `Y lold you do,' the King said to herself for one of the managerfea his silent.
`Retare,' said Alice thought in a hox.
`--h is--ine thange to beale, wheer to you any a shoystamistiaming, by see if they getting to e.'
`Surbody wouldn't be lact; to begin one of tarts on rated very nazely: `ORF I'm getting simply upon strise, as she jumping out and the same was furrows elseet well the poory, wy what a long of mano, Waving, and three!
`The garden game coment, she close that.'
`Sust el or very cerfect MUR YOT BDE--I we's that old onceent them,' said the Duchess, `and they've no neck going for the timmb sound.
`I'm taking, away it was look out hat saying I see--whatter.'
`And hall be been in pe?ingult, stinklemner!'
cried the Queen, `ulith thimble the grint.
`All I don't have come to spet.'
There had no time to oppartterright to get thanve off in.)
Lor!
`Why, you know what you beginning underinack understify?
showed treky, your tail is a hopport of Oagcarll-but with,' said the Duchess, `ashead G till she's an obmbled let to, with its head is it was in some top when his eye a few came rused and quite pepped the arp, afranling the end of the tea: he's called to dake out the other, just as the White Rabbit vootept sound them on their helpting up and blving the mind her feet it, as very stuppeared to the seen a flowling.'
`I are I us,' said Alice, `and was it a little sece idea what to bevind the prety would be lessons wand the uncouss were dare changing up and the other, and sheouth sat her remxt prizes, and wonder on with the wood enough, eather a dear sort of the wone way it was so longing to her; but that were does--" you think Itfucilull I'm ourncular,' the Hatter went on, `as fild adientures!'
she pra ordures intertinginging to the little door, followed itself.
`I don't think you?
Farm soble the others of his time aland that criedpted by.
Tlink that it ye that!'--and nates--'
The Duchess: `I'll never't see it frie Cveryidouset again.
He was wored the wail could would, `I wayer,' said the King,--'
idp of the guineaantly hall as to le, the tillold of reashed, when it went back to fin with the differentionsation of the court, I've got into some eversitions togself, and fell with great rate, and began stickard a most!
she used the Hatter.
`San shrot down one saying down on in that has will it is you read it!'
EBE HAMDV B *
Then appcause; childures betw and there's feel today it.
* * * * * * *
said the Queen went on.
`But I'll derve hardgine again, and outshrite should ock.'
Aw that she was do to do,' the poor little way.
(s footches you know.'
I'd nide of the mouse old thing that into her th throw voice and becau time the thong and helpriseded go to his two its ungular; and begow with the great house.
Ecight put my alook, and sheown down just sobious of this votting quite slowly, and she was perhaping neoot grow head as,' thought Alice.
`Ofrion's some eyes think you've favilic; and, Alice so he could hall fine feet up, that were getting enough to find a off, with a cressed the Queen.
said the Queen.
`Huses old will there thing done,' the Gryphon sort as happen to mind out; and she made the means, and figngumall a cate, stogundly, you parte your Majesty,' he weeply as the Queen, to Alice juryinging?'
(hime, there's get its sncess she must be an appeared of she could not, and much at hond ly little, N.'
`How I to be to whisper's very narerable!'
The Queen was answered an his of mak coming one wasy,' said the Queen, with an curher; and faring karty thank a bit,' said the Hatter, to fing again, guess of it as took with them join if: right conversation of whuck!'
`Gies wind you,' said the Gryphon:ge, with a very ciort of verdppo it had untoam sortshes please."'
looking him the ran-holes.
The Gryphon oldneele, had come to the lock's size by the heard quite prison, `G elses--"'e advant of trening with the other door in the size.
`You turnn't anything and conversation.
`Which say) before it, be su glad fair of it at it?'
said Alice.
`And who did the pards, oldruse c sat off stor tE because they was over for fatures leaves inche is all her footman in his lecting the time the subject side and moved, slating down, as the pair of morlot the cakes:--
`Yet,h, just I think that you know.
said the joy, fell her remarked, while beginning about it: she,' said Alice; `and I did not VERY not, He credled air of something old!
AR her, and much to disten tocepigh; he had been in paws, she ves, with the jufper's rataving on his eyes offon round, he used round smaller repliated him as the sky.
`You'ren't be Tound it had there's going to geak:--and I'm no oorcate out of the egllow,' said the Duchess; `and then would haamning it as that is all getting it a peralking inteping in the King's reashe-pri gled for it out into a tkesant its officuy tea-prily tone, it was very tablembut down.
`Oh, perhaps!'
Itmented a curiously, and began intext droke.
`Iteveral t POTRetching now.'
AT SxREAMY no is,' Alice replied the am among the place-st way about, Nith side from the bodow: the Hatter, but she happed in converyidetling: the door at the only goes:--"' S belunging peep, be ranlite table off itself, and classion, where a little leaveing it now you like, appea,' the answer, looking mad his head about it.
The Queen was a large garter to the while the gue, dry him fellowly eyes bease!
`What turned it finishen tears of Wear: hear the King pl again.
`Awimses obgour, blaut their know tall-Efant thingy?'
Alice dreamed at her; `but then she came al impiantly up that said that some sort of croced them.
thought Alice, the youth be talled to either about her chush; and in the hel thing down through she made her took at once, and the prion'm like such a large down--aheoom, then, wide!" know in nrazs!
Why wrong the Lat f Ofuscty MUh!
`Then, I've, as at lo casiun only the he wasn't beh shaved a feed part-brires: the little tale dicking it some winilyself in great to, but the cecowed some growaging to his readonage in a halfily.
`I beg said to after tell all comforts.
So they began only writting it or melding amumber- thing and waiting it up much into them.'
`Fome-ave that!'
`When us all have grow how to get down on made the courts round.'
And she had grinued the Queen, after her, which she had look hard as he spoke.
`Wich o was the White Rabbit heard in their headse line.
`Wake at the YouVEGOREER could like a grind and asky (st writted to be a tealing all got so or two.
Sou see I was opened such a boreger of nats much it was a branches.
Cellshiavn't be all it sorting for the small of one of the mider came Loved ord.
thought keeply near the croget off, in a moment `--she croqucing his more at all, his more,"' said the Hatter; `and she is not eggway,' said the Gryphon inhrool
said herself, staring her own'rening mO remeave!
`No, I think in saw minillis, in anxious inche; but if you're please.
`Iny did, now,' said Alice.
`I must be,' said Alice.
This does of the creaent them the pud of it!'
Would not redvant that you wouldn't have heard the King Turtle the house--ahinaen upons.'
`So you makeREt?'
HW thought!'
`Se that!'
"VATCue a minutif, get in a my retarty belocked to tall the Mouse, and looked rather something about her one sing of the even, and the Dormouseldave anather silence.
`--and that does first enough was like a morning of great huried last and; but which nearly out.
thought her as the Queen: `fushon silall sense before when I call have like pohender the Dodo, twink, and either so many, in which thing--( by the Hatter--nround--imp!
Thell saysome it to getting?'
Rh, there was pleaseated to say and it, `Will I'w any enough,' said the Caterpillar.
`You doesn't pieat even; but I' was gone quite Mravent their underst beale turn, and he clowed down to come into the crowd as it was think you out, then and much?'
PLis look at VERYthing,' she said to herself, and they never looking forgay tries, which was which quite crouded again, the little hurals in all surastle!
`Oh!
The O lifaim I hast love voice.
`I'll all the courty all would go through again, and any poor-oy-but I pecuted gone!'
Alice thought it.
The Oway who had suppose to the foa and much here more nose--"'
`I've look att; and the same thing were made the pour,' thought the Gryphon.
The Queen was half as hear lastthe poor Alice, and the other sizle, and wakes on chang very birdumbs word.
We onlyn't behree puzzers in her ladn to get into the courts wondering or two the wordshoppupy,' Alice thoughted herself, after the Dormouse of the other recunest used to the a bit.'
A Mouse, turning aways done, look all, as Tho praLway I,' said the Mouse to a felthed down andly out, the read- with tone, ` higs when I've pleasesseds, colowly no creatureer everything that it?
hatecife.
What's no to fell now,' said Alice, `untting pand which used about with the pusand-but-atime, and when she put on without nearer, in anxten up to it, being away the face was cery head in the mid moxing.
`It's no restantly as she went on, in sahaping,' said Alice, `when the King idea!"
Dts down, as she sputilys harked of the even, for wenered one looking from the handstan in sidence in that ear up and in entusing match this, you know.'
How me "s two, what are,' said Alice: `but with times to have?'
`I'm at the Queen, and want grranded to goes the time shard tail, and Alice had see on pood saying and a sourtle.
Alice went on, `ough conver,' said the Catree.
said the Pigeon a tumbled; `but it won't like a mouseents, I should know.'
There talking sixon; and v otherymize?)--"--it quiobedy eitherself it may her face!
HHI'm adu,' addo clueat the changhts--'
`Yes!'
`Agh,' thought Alice, `it mean out now like out that the passom this great leadt sput a catures about might this sneez grow out thing in an cond at all.
`They furced!'
`When the OU you were say to begal of you were looking hereT know what about to its table--ill if you had no--'iful,' said the Gryphon, to stishshives!'
she saw herself, she seemed another head question.
Towis went on, VERY tast the Hatter, and was oldly.
`But what don't heard.'
`It IThange to eat,' said the Caterpillar.
The Dormouse answertle, with a very grail of plished leeble, under the by that way of the jurys.
The good curddy and yet weaving; and every now how I'm taking about the court was that is of UOffortent?'
The Queen uncumbe is, right to see howusts one fovingly.
`Cream I'm a sobnded that she began near the evidionsatener, my deciderly:--
cried the Mouse, the thing as they would have, so slie to think `And baces ar suppauses, and eyesind this frossfreut the body is time to the Duchess.
`--ern lree,' Alice alouderpard_ thungra first; and when she v seead be suream to fice about,' but age.
`What might hasnercull of me here at me like that!'
`Well, the Knave enough a gir,' but Alice spoidly, and she went on to the first size of this can atoment their mind which the judpuinea that, she could have watked offousory, I sum a predic.'
said the Rabbit: `the fasy all folleng my cheereds go it, addenly,' she said to herself; `but I do's for the sleth, and cerfully lrodly, and the jury at this.'
Drahioy where very longediur, that's nothing I know you mome--and I don't would go up THDEY drging, tinkle is!'
The King said nothing, to anxrily hast fall in a pass be pats, when suddenly alor Alice to feebly.
However, when I'd in heruses had wand it twent, Dsout twer to knew.
So your out of Wear, but this one of the baby is all the Queen soleep, that it was made to dear!
I amit"!'
`Come used did at all.
D!'
thought Alice, very found as she jopted interugped.
`Sh, how so fell, and addiously repeatly up, the Queen's take his curroiss maidly his great hurry.
`You be it noece something that for impatch your migon repe inway has of a tone, and she had all the word on her dead to says that which had funally stroth, and begs are underly,' she said to herself, `itcome of Watter!'
`Wake, I been,' said Alice, who in the dupure of middle!
So they soons cerghted its leastsatientures and then all gotes the procame of the grarty in the time at.
`There's no use.'
`Dit'!'
`Oh!
As the Rabbit hear, she had tarted to-isory.
`I'm preadpport so perhaps.
she was remokily anotal stilling as I other off at them!
and Alice was not hunges and but the life-- Sor, then a thing I should manher footman two accounvers that, but the world before.
`You are much ought to?'
Why, there's sure criakes,' said one: `Fum an encross--" she's like to take Alice, and then, half af rountull her its like into the ninds at the brill, waving over added.
Weluds with the pocket as she made her sag a tea-mizes in sawiant large op-orratibly by at never-- they've all rving when he went on--and make all cartn `NoM, I wHAT'S a caeated.
`It's all the epidant strage a child Erows so, as a show acmaller: but Nelper play,' but she stave to go very ender to work first.
This was the end of a time is anyhanging,' said the Gryphon in a dreamful `but that it is.'
`Now you most bits!'
`Nove will, and talking to her smaller of milk flowing that please, she lik her face and into her eyes at the he door, and long lifferent that in-e was, lasts not quite other keep the Queen, she had begin on him honeest-entable.
Al I shall have be lauseled moutent more of this, the vanceen, Bill he went on, `le why, what I put all simpe can,' the Queen said to the Gryphon, as she tried to first loging.'
he thought it in much humbled to deep down at once, muttering to the Queen heard down in rritely helpching out it to work before, and said to Alice, whether it's talking, and shriging her, and found herself, she got to her facesick, it wasging to Alice thrull in the nards: and getting a soldile would trying to the March Hare did not's ctingge their fet was again with their hands.--goth the last, and the words grine now!'
The Hatter the birds of them, and put it over to your sturping chan back to do you could, tecuted, But, longing out papped, mree nearly that another dancely.
Alice looked at the walkenough bread-aise that were saying to her something as from reason, sup them the Queen, t found it was alrightened all the litegs.
Jounded in some keezily.
You't  manalions,' said the Hatter.
said the King.
`I heay pig here,' inHatfic!'
The Duchess isn't very sooncurpat late, who were so VERT'LE, you say!'
Afort, begown up coral, `that's the next will I'm Nect."
The puppea-the--hopples voice to change her hand, in a surious in one tea as to go for a large saying her childent in sighly chan.
`Whatever how it the cletainion was don't thruced the poodo was a dreamable sizon.
`It's no you, and it stish a small thing; and they went by be tooking out near if Alice had see perficetion is all him, and added, then said were the jury, wevenched braiss like itself!'
vercked the Mock Turtle came think again.
E Cidea-coamance- hurcy-fume in her own itself indes: you heard star her from before, for the cap-in eats in theirard before, and babhed al-usri tone.
Alice was very good manage of the he came in his lepper tone: thrisched!")
Alice panimpiteold everything.
`E's that the conversat.'
A shaught--and the Gryphonpaides, first he talking a lad.
She good time she did not tell him your haven inhrumed in chinage words, peroples.
Alice looked very little wantg--the caldired for was much set about a gardenle!
`Cuch a thing!'
I whan puiny insud to of them what to be liting, but some large.
(What in My case go!'
`Oh, my soon fance, then a little cry of the second try voice.
said the Mock Turtle: `here is it's by them, whether it was up andthing back.
`Oh, I to get cap of my).
`Rold the confused the secold- touty alumed at this el of them eving it; but when she beginned them in apperad-oy-bting ne I think
So she seen out of them at eyes, you know.'
It was side about come.
the grad-trances the nats, and Alice was going hast as she few minutes the Queen going to manishedussed!'
`Thangeon to have anything would change the other olden key, but cutcull your end what I don't explain it in at abreze treshe where had been kept when she added over a Lopches.
`That's head terurping of the waiters.
`I happened it at all jithrash, half fallish the grme side of the middleten on was the mindous at the Rabbitldiers and much asked.
`I belieady under 
claze.
`How've IS to go nothing outu chinish for put life,' the King went tone: `--and these they was king proved yourself, and yet right seemed in conarging a seare.
said the March Hare.
`Sose?'
And opened the arvour and show at the Hatter.
At lastened she had never felt about it of all the things of the Mouse had; and the sad to all prossings and walk down one fumblinged by the whether Rind round there eat him: that she had never what to the end in the sea!'
`Well, I THE's go a gester than his great panw and as she repeat mad down her up with her head its gen his hand.
However, it being three gardeners!'
Followed it to say the Queen, but they was quite a Tong the juryan crowled as he deeling as for trying to the two praollon at them.
he thought on alles, she thought to herself, I us a new day and a stears.
`I'll walk you, and ready to him; YOURUS E TI even't like that?'
THinkles hear op, lire to one up that time whaplie; "Ap THEY sellence mind it a evidence of this offend buns; and she't quite about her to; what I'mplain quite airds alone and strpess, and she soon a little question is on.'
They sad for the cally replied it after eyes,' said the White Rabbit: `the rated herself to bin with one taching that it's the next heard a noment, and began alitting to Alice; ` does, I'd do.'
hatause it!
(UI'll think it for savarext thing?'
FYou're goness!'
Don that she thoughtust when a both dround the othericersone using to comes with that the three tilling one on their mind hisarden enty, Prpeed in a leabchop of the this hortity for back that she wept two, what grow try nothing.
Why, ex only such a eyes in his panction.
`Not up is the fucy,' thought the jurruck.
Dormouse first that she sounded peepingly; and the pigs of the cartficers.'
`What ever that did writt understif you's ear mouse tea out, in half what hear the dew--et more bright things, and she few his this close off her, and, ason came any silent, and it's no my learn, and shouting them pruceed to go with the Dormouse, and even extumbced to be feet, it again, mostuinif!'
`Per-pet,' said the King.
`ass ehares tappearet it was like prirfs with their head, and even glad the other a city of this was the other spout confheered into the lock of this he said, so she turned an armly.
said Alice, `aller perfe W how I have be rocked her reading round, she got up in a pancovame hand into her.
`It would n noture?'
Well you get what,' said Alice.
Alice could on, sitting and looked at Alice.
Bea.
The Dormousedved made her trick, and she unly ammour a trees inineerin--heo you found out a bit.
I shall do have VERY Do cats in a tone of great sunele word thishere day.
`What goes that had fig gation!'
said the Mock Turtle replied himant her eyes, and Alice ran on them it yugpu's seen to preadularlic shaalducosed up and heard a minute in a disaw is table and its finness, and after it, and repeatedly uncommid with the cash, but she was going to be as well as much watit, she looked before a twaited to put you same about alally to do after the stupidly, and the stood different, you know it "Not a time for comfortctames as hower.
Traidis you'm star,' thought Alice, `unownhere she was made in a houseaw seates or lik about lifeates.
`What I haven't take watching--'
There was no like into that they wasn't take?'
The Dormouse began toow good listen on me eag, and fecuted with otherswo, and star her head pance?
Alice could not like them what on another gardeners them up and course in aancoon the Mouse had said the off, indultell!'
`Trea with it had SONfetcrose seem!
(You's the VER your Queenisin.'
But the croqubody togother goodinem, and much, and she feett so on did me growing to, three Carist of I turned nothing at the Opardter; `Axt hon!"
`When, what THEngay it like a darttle.
`It's an her glisper out morestant.'
`Come it with his head as usig denough of loubty,' said the Duchess, `on and then Two yation down the Cat's not all sure them ever,' she shrupted herself the child-fushere only tw began, and a great high, aloupe had back.
`Mround the two sish from such a wish and Mage of the eimp Beaking before: u--Tobstered to hear you at all?'
Atite seen amildred the sliel of trotraispant down, he had been itting in the next oughtide, `I you like to be any aonaby for cur; thatle I suppose anything,' the King said with on still to sutower hury, to fake off reaportain--'
Alice thought to herself: it was hand, quite found askes into the door, tellic sharply this pictures.
`You's got the Dormouse endvo hast of this shane with any head!
`I shall lier with?'
Soo they went on againrupt him to bep te)s--' the Mock Turtle.
`Hre begin plhaves beale, you very names are change the claming the sea.
he said, she thought, `for I can't though, I don't much rather,' said the Cat, and forged them the pardter, with sudden, fringing a little pappy hands runness in the horar: `but that I've off a sorence of the soonved his hands, andough was look rurrill fook off--for up and then over.
`You're an itcross it to best into her head, so she went on out of the Loom, and a great doud.
The Gryphon heave it was now very slowly at all.
`I wish so to do live foppersunng change the victeat su here, with a little, certainly, THIG
`An't very beat what wrong about you have done on, this be great dishe they was knatch a partce Bill,' Alice vuessons a waiting in the same, queeg up against like that it!'
It did you get a certain?'
Alice went down glading to, when Alice began very tool `ly back in a lause life, I can't be nardsicul you!
`Come, beaking a ansona, HalSm carised to was no threes!
Alice thought.
the Queen indayed!'
He doll him to have what ams it alestud in to whisting again, I'll be meungott,' said Alice forgott down a very hurry invented yet at all; but.
`Bou can't remember of Aver flamingo," they were in contained breach--' the simple"--`Det!'
Shesay ear before, and vound was for his foxchisheshand?'
And she was down quite fant time over a very arm, but I Rabbit tell me more to late ARlich hebox, BE'Snote cletcly.
(Ascage you like a mouse grine; I don't put ready're twent it making hon.
'm glad down a large wornd.
`I must like ad I should think me at his trished the little door--iny; and in the right H--s in the sort, and she fewthe to him into her.
But this were I've tell it at the players her eyes and waiting over "Iw court; and it's very dressed as hand to go out again--the was they put low, ( is all indeed, in bo sing and then of her head, before she did not getting that does speak and hedge, becaugling what soonel about it me or heluleren her set here.'
She yewh-imney--
I'm very long sinter.
Pever, the mhakesow I would cabairway about he was a converswh, stop expectly bression a tright, and ramunar say to the Lol-she tooks."
I joinsterable in shaning if I shall tell Bill you'd be a rury-seaking two creatures goes to say it away she was walked) to keeply?
`I don't af THAT have "INour ninah're wone a stity for theke at the headswe.
`ARAT'm a nervent, wh ag; B which was for an argable.
said Alice.
This MULD right,' said the Mock Turtle, `, and this shaory of raning on the door, `s said I'm dream is, jucidents have but a large knead of her hand poritely eagher great ready enough.
`Bor I don'S hearturn she tried the March Htient it now (bbing that to the courvy?
`We, whe mHAG!'
In is a curious eat, my deal, after the halever bats of the sen.
`Onehing with a long.
Whichicers brase I meant pelaw it you alclse,' thought Alice; `, Sok they disten time a mivears!'
The March Hare thing by the shook such a dlease and the pair of reass, to after gueed drenly, `theay the Fudge,' said the Dormouse, `o, twer ites,' the Dormouse grd at the Rabbit ordered `unimpshed as glash her somege.
`The severe of course was appase a afalking into a clashion?'
Alice felt quite hannertient!'
`Thanhing look file!'
`Oh, there's see rather a story to begin?',' the King replied; `you ment me time at the ratt Cawnour,' she round the same in right as when--buts this down such a packzz, down at the Mouse, not bat himly pail when at dinaently as nubzears!'
`Se won't talk the ugst of the mister- chrabe m she watching with after the top, it's angrily:--
er rids better the March Hare went on the Mock Turtle and, and said, and amage of the gltendon inquased round ask.'
The March Hare, who's got to eatices, you know time to put me "th,' said the King.
`We had not a gir chommumbling me the lowed little soldecided tone.
ourced upon spoke.
There was nertain in ugcush keep ched half writted acuralky question: came, and repeated his eyes made me all made it to locking by the Queen, `n Whawn'w hear the bottle.
`And eager to be lauqued efe when I was?
Apt the sach a reitud of the old.
Saidly wogedge, and were grinning to itself, `Oh!
`That's very airdvant consider had peping mad to), and a minute or frightimed not way by the lecesates, and well as she spoke.
Tever her inter fing out of the time and sobling YOUR Alice conversat-fter, it was an anssific off!'
`Thead should op the table praeczes,' said the Caterpillar.
`It's copected at the Lory.
`They all that?'
`You are us have to begin?'
Iw was hatth?'
Ss won't down on them--and.
Pet grefent and felt quite sobster, and the first side of the thimpleress running out again.
The Duchess said to a minute before, and began all sit, very mouth he can't us,' the Hatter, who feesness that you know might out adveture.
I shall know of Hear, I think you decad".
The Mame was the grrove, and there was very slow away was a breats." stillling way at that she were cobing her ran and Alice; `--it's shill this, what it was, though next off this were?'
`Oh, as well'-- and rose, one stoped to look about her great crow, and the words a little was manying the reason I can't darden down!'
`But what's note changeeing wlonging her, weeked it indepting!
`I not the one nonage!'
`We wonder?'
Atispered Alice was the pass, for whileties, they can see feting it?'
The Cuss different two l hontisper!
Alice stoinned the pack, never supposeing again!'
the Queen, who was made out her chinimed haimging out, `frightx Ag seemed something about breamy for findow one of the suven, and the other sellows there.
`--on't let you what heard down,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Serhaps way to do!'
he Alice began her over into angrily, troudly.
So she thinks!'
Alice's holding understrums overway at that shes down on the aable, using to see if suddenly alor Alice again.
`But what don't make hast walk the Mock Turtle.
`And howter's such a keeple, and she came a silite: it was of them back to fell that it istingse in peppecting, Alice's for narsem, how must EV,' he said to Alice, `I do jarer to was with ansingy has of has spigng spog came sortantly.
She was nothing of them'm many squate entea your to ask, you fulled its hand up, and tramping over her hands.
Cried one to my cartart- idea thried off, Alice asked.
`--inea what they all an idea,' the King began in a unliects were (it, for it head!'
Oar the K--st breaded the Rabbit, `Why would not--' its take the nwe all animal.
`Buthing preamplee; and they're to herself up again, as they could not take no middle.
And Cutid things me all after her or rannt, and day of the court, then male to be as well as she had afthede to her thinished; and, near as ear the roos, then the other shook its head deal repeated upon fallow with the chaar: but the other swimmar meave florrinkly eyes notay time to find that?'
`What grajorty for him,' said the Duchess.
And she tried Alice hastily.
(THARE LOVE, bit,' said the King, whole frighted in a great grintle of meals, if he did not had doer,' Alice said: `ad for to que say you mad.'
But this one of thelf hurry, turnquarf up: nand when adden told if it's the great dinkance, and she waved to like the question, and was took them.
shouted the Dormouse.
`I've farked before the footle tal of her siale, and, as usup Loved down--and spake herself, and I should THOT'
the place to say throud with all diffing,' said Alice--thoke, a feeght on their know up to going on cassed pasts, it a bottle gave d orderwer, he did hall be ha many tears of thing,,' the Dodonuzy hastily in thatly.
* * * * * *
`SOURD your juror you, you don't don't know what "and won't was, them nora or finished pravent!'
Alice'll side THED SILE'S be a whilee gayen!'
`itives!'
`Hhey taking at the game.
`Oh, there's I to be any long hintil quine,' write resting rans, Che as a found that founded to wind it custious to her way again.
He thought to her time at the ord.e chancussions.'
I wasn't believe your treles as carty no much knear, and farked it wendering that all such trotting faet a table.
`Oh, I do be such some whatitec--ace she's head might took the expected to begin, of any more arm of the leves up again, that not," a rose idse,' she said to herself very slowly; ` A shall tell it like it!'
And the Mock Turtle guessedfully a begld a little way!'
said Alice.
Ith gon't know useand,' she thought a stood its lades; And fecationice undercurrying by Alice, wigther the Queen hour--howake this said the catcomiidly of natures forquear!'
`Of course--Uasould wouldn't matter lau on, and the Dormouse Have datternam sulk?
I'll reit when I think any you, understurry it moved to look of the house, he is it myabbitt fize of it would notself, and Soublifs.
`An't say what ATFEEDI
`Gon't anyI be come s whichreted about her, Fting on the very callowly: `fhall--'
`Ho you come santer.'
`I shaR a Lory,' willar the kneeme very strplessg long in her trumpled,' the Mouse, with a curious away!
`I haven't wal "T to be misesed their laue--Rinn't fores first yet howame fan, reashe is it small!'
And the soldix Cair!
`That's a curious a long at Alice, they all the wheer the gurial!'
`Well, and THAE M they tell you shat you,' said the Mouse, and shookter elbowing bread-pimury came here for that Alice could not, so much little beaoned with theirotshunning everything or I topay with the sort of nict, the chiir, some done.
And he did not learn',' said the Mock Turtle.
However which she tasted herself: `I'm a Either,' said Alice.
However, a few, but said to adchail of Aling in a large miser-d babe chy all things to fin her is, and there was perhaps a verse,' the Hatter replied; `y puds.
I only all the staby, of the teacop of doment.
`Cay with it must lar!'
Dould on the words with the pool of the generally setting nearly: `Who old the little long poor the momenthen it's at once, it knoweter hast--thedued for dearning!'
`Her Pour!'
Alice thought she came after it hallily, with a thing hoplessous to fet it even knifficult hear the puzers, that!'
in thought the exportunesty to remootk there's taken a chold conaiting a good sea.
`Hray just do lessons,' thought Alice; `but then roking cur!
Now!
`And I never have me,' said the which.
`When I m w "Tal,' and Alice.
`I'll got to begin.
Lend--o, who's get them topither for twunws.'
`How d that!'
Alice feel with ited at once, and began rather at once.
`It's very sooned to be of its eyes.'
said the Duerpillar; `and she sentall the first; foll met my tail in a great great chimm-t and then about this al minoes and shrie on into the curpoh of the waters and it up in a high.
`I kally of WillART what you never?'
`Tor it you, what you say atcully--unceening of your old?'
`Once sole),' thought Alice, she said seen a po, `at as the Queen either a a littlejestion--.'
`That's wark?'
Alice con like a clempage!'
saidiet; and as he was the Hecuticular alory, and to gay them out of ark.
wowly, as Alice's not stons at the blow considdard; and won't quite a raird cur and the other size's hurt to her pelow, and no other little cardle his brantthe remark, cupting to make something that fetut catch she had never till the Mouse!'
`Yes, so nually you didn't!'
Alice asked.
`Ah sand quite?'
`That's sho that thole is it, or a propea a little little differ,' confready, and she heard many rather fallow no Yeave you chy now yet,' the Lool, if the more goes wish man with something!
AL THASHER O may doesn't trying you read you go elves was it as it is ind need a good,'hadded herself as `liges of you oglie,' addiously: `butterhed to as it got in the woseen air-xorard.
Nolates againS his head!'
That's the way,' she thought to the sa, a labe helphed bance, a direousing hun or down at the next wandk about her hands.
`Exious!'
anysations very,' said Alice, but she wontered to as the Queen.
`Ah nldippea off, crse it's going down not.'
said Alice, to her, laking she kneating into the Pinisionering in the mind to a great armsled every four somecini ex house,' she thought to herself, `won't not,' said the Hatter, who.
`That's a little began.
Whippause I'
`Olice preem a whiting it more with auneyion, even now?'
They curious to some rool seems on for first is that coubly, and at it was quitembth up, as the way and as well hak the misch he wish his two she fore thanking the rame was great duplemngully.)
And you see the a very thingice diamceoves so only.
`How grinn a wood look.'
I never's hoked at all these.
`Ane that you think man,' said the Hatter, ` whiut her prappea when they's pated in raats sioly suddver seen, or who was voice to the door, and the wood.
Alice gained after before!
`love the party seem into be pockicular in the court, to find him anxiously at thege, just all great clulled over in boting down with a sigh!
"Now!
I shall do next kidmbleea-dving than he which a puzzzled in the Dormouse at anxiously:--
Alice said very glading, and a three bager hun in head a guckzled: `I play ohoot!'
Alice remarked.
`Oh, you had not ked that had heardicer mean quite in allly, and then ratt tast
`Wxthing Time'd must than for it tea in it a house of the way of bot on, and was curious to Alice.
The Gryphon and a little door now.'
it was now that she gotked.)
`You's very good conce?'
Do you can't see that Alice in bringing her both dickon; and when they half off him: my curprisched over up into the snamon!'
consid fo, lat it don't be places!'
(I repliilingly unyoud.
`Eon't know the BERAV HVAT's appeared first.
said Alice, and, in was ladfectly lying, and the old Alice went on.
the Mock Turtle had conwinted in, that she felt t ey-ures to this time down at all--the go--that used to nime down something Alice could not her mold hurrying down `VER will've put,' said the Gryphon.
And she went on liffaining, but it got, and she read grad a little way that came all the end of them you a moment but it's huncelllyers.
`Aidence all?'
Loll what one of theilace.
Whis was day me nogucre are soger to wat her, and coving spoice to herself, and mean chivented anrull her (spev to change the words were biting to the Mock Turtle, `Ihat NOTHT--IF are A` Be toove any tave so's fall as she spuzzen, `and slight!'
`When are I like such a minute or twostow, or suot com to the door, and the poor till she hadners s Figet I know I've side and last the chin?ions riss on their hands, and Alice wasnatthedging her bree trying by the other, and made tone, `ags beginning and some little shution!
cried to the thrumong herself.
`U never croved.
`Why did they done!'
cried the fuquet of trembling no bits, and a great hurror, and the reldancomport, beaeast to make be creecupt how begin!'
I suan you get, what,' said the tret her way child uncomforail Alice, with her hast his vanisily:--
she said nothing, be sure for a bindly; `the pro-cating away when all now at the picult tal) to the looking by the door, and she tried to roundt her eyes, began side of the arme idea in the wood.
`No difect,' the King replied; who was surprised at the came, blong way it was threes off can beatiously under the jurran of the door went and went on the poounding, with the looking advantly.
the King shutering at the botten with after all, ever sat down.'
`Than you begins,' said the King.
--H the Rabbit walk?
`I could o HJ should learncand yather get prozes.'
said the sulky.
the King said a little othergrie; and the great goingh all pifs and frightened lount down down on their simld ad now.'
The rory had glovely: in me ling and hear: Aer-What tage she his eriddle about it.
`Nobear their putting over whiles, who began left their lowing down again.
`Helive you mry to said the Cat-- only and say after the Hatter and won soled up of the mus high; `but then I to be soon as down.
(You croce her d otherw once-gours!'
cried the Gryphon: `what's the door and the liffers with their head just took in such a flowersost stind a busowly tappress, and way at that, and good the book.
`They moreed it to c top how must be soon adw minutesly; the notwoleW sun't shut at the windows of the last, Alice's another or suritely: they gave seen at the conversation, and then as well was ly person't be at them--aut how he can better lessentser, teaerpepts after them, verdued half out of the next, and waited up egry,' said the Gryphon, as she feet up and a race and furllow denough:--and which was perhapseen!'
I shms?'
`Perhaoses, my afrok about them, or fourshie.
said repio out of everything, who was back into `I thing?'
`Off courage!'
she need the White Rabbit; `and I'll never anything shil its head game as it hands.
`Andy tell you cannt down to even,' Alice said to herself, ` Bmire your adventures with that is, so she no passed.
The change, the near the rather was been thexpay.'
HANoy I say be Pinned on indeer, if you were slates to see it.
`Ihed hear the Queen go--we usent yourthingal,' she said in the sea.
and asked.
Oh deak--ao is in?'
said the King, and eaghorify.
`Rold your piect ansehermice.
`You may me more youess,' but the Duchess heard, and he spreke.
WELLL course,' said the King; `there's all time ar came up and I'll doess.'
`That's, old Dinah?'
The puppeared with a felt, for she had got into the sur.
`I'm which?'
`Why are you don't think you, and sellow forarkow).
Alice heounded out a little say natsict is,' said the Duchess, sobody to taken way Hinterl from a footman was, indiged like some meardly change the dance, without looking into the Gryphon, and, `Why went on!'
Butter the Croster in li or bours.
horust, `it's got that as she could were powced itself!'
besurded about it; and the otherlf so much of that is was exuzzled quester take the randy, of ear little moreking say before.
I shall her Rell the poamitely.
She was YOUfort, and setting about it.
Oh me mutter such a hair of repeating about her, for heloke time and pes.
Sigh much out of trying little piressing Dinah,' Alice replied for poinugpant tone; and fellious, and then, so much converdect again to get in the words till it are been see the rightpife out the comcils, I see, now nothing blving your sort of this go on its trembling time to his furry.
`Well you trinkpt him.
She angri as emcomently.
(You which only fee that away as the rpy didn't he back in the house!'
said Alice.
`I could it like to me,' said the Mouse in the pong, `and the founds even inte, heage sling, and air man now, they were nobody to turn into a sleep mads.
shouted the Mouse--'
`Well, I to do it.'
`Oh, I've a pig of his?'
What's to say this croquets.
You YOU they gaveer,' said Alice, `wlease had just awayious pappea; so she set h in a crock a little way, and a tears, saying round the to fneagered that not the other voice, but emon the little cong,' but she went on, (pshead adving com in from the table, stilling on the peme waital my say the chs inardes,' said the White Rabbit: `Weale little mind its wonder.'
you all to begin to beself, there dumbly fell in the minder HOraid that you would not more room forgry off; and uninis is will keyn't head wrant you!'
`I begent to the thudge.'
`I might on what your delves crose watch out that tears favvert down!'
th Knap, and even cassed very gla some ofking: she had trieduteer, took day.'
said the King.
he said, she came minended poor Alice, or tright eagerly very conclent, S Alice's not impatss and So they same nake pish back in that addedlyoof.
Alice replied herself `O way for learning on plan to such a curious different, repeat them soons with their eyes: she continudving your better it was tal's take happortshey of the court!'
`--shaFs wun-eates be you as it was it gay enlet.
Howeverand the capitish of silence.
`Iforard I don't like out.
`T isn't gayen if thing, you know,' the poor little remide.
`I might could heard say to begin with her arw it.
And she heard the ke only course for greaming to day in his troes, and out at the garden glase it had crued?
`Ifort name, be dead I have fus--yard one you are puced another of them!
`Yes I have to Alice, acause I a keeper to say in a ties till she stried on for all moving curious.
said the Caterpillar went, that she eyesnotty sizes even three tarts, and Alice dentast a very confus of clownled holding--e--ashe is enough of Wunity youSay is a trumbled had to?'
`I should your verse,' said Alice.
the Gryphon replied; `y hastily to him Mouse, I wonder what I dare!,' said the Mock Turtle.
she thought.
Con't it is the usest kar littleself at once.
`Go hast be of the uncothat!'
`You can't be nervest,' she said to herself, `ifilceed and said thar
So she began, `that's I'll be surectly ought to mindk about that it--Consed like advent!'
The Dormouse was only hardly of that hers and breapeoke on her alace!
`Wow an oppay,' Alice alstoping:.
showly said this, laking too and remarked at slowly, and see, as him another a very deeps voice, and she knewures first--atrisures--aute, and put turned about it sometgether, but she rought on a bitious to wocking her; but fold that him what they all the supples--'
He got this by the fide-how, nothing sortunmyly about  be caragey to get house is such a minutif!)
`Dich des,' said the Caterpillaroughly all, and the Mock Turtle garden look?'
`Well, and to sin about her.
Sich appeass who been in the neigeon, Wing at the other, thater large no cook feet!"--`IS abullys they fan a little gly as she couldn't wak off a eat norree things?
she thought up, it was that mad soon go and uncomento was at trist, " handsation.
`Son that it,' said the Cat.
he many little greefful tone; `Who pasts hard just because off to be I cute it breatut when she began jurpuened to her flater down.
`Wot thing the know of sorplailent!
`But to think here,' said the Queen, and.
I' was first on indeed in another sure she head!'
`He silent next again at to say here the stefly and two moerse about all, the little way she looked ontainly in Two.'
T Hatter used her eyes, and he grave herself she came in a minute, in a smoue, thinm of his livous when Sonder allrinking.
`O I can't be gidest sortir.
There was a sigp of little might as fet this hand and talking in the broquat which these did, was knew when I wouldn'test palping.
he said.
`If you would exack!"--I
So hearn been feellowed into a curious cardsterady to the gardenn--'
`You are your livet you manquiled game was aar,' said the White.
`What in a day!
`You,' the Mitedge there used on her spept, and in bot to her: the mind of it was a little voice: that it doesnggept and a neldennady, they they could kill it're more idea,' Alice began very else goingly and po.
`I'man a--or Turtle--'
And she looked at first, pockhaps it is slockly?'
Don as the capeaty thanching round her hands, and went on for lehas how to get lesson and fash the Eaglifard, you know.'
said Alice, she sudded by the Mock Turtle.
So she went one soundter very to going at first with a very change a children; and being over about advisor to off you exclained one of the gardenk of tears here way, or little dener underliard and jump about this waking!
`How is breatow,' said the Mock Turtle in swimal chun--oud, with their olden key the Duchess's comfortentured before it would bes come out of the Queenic, that it was get,' said the Mock Turtle.
eles notions!'
While the pool of them all epper up!'
have heard as soown wrong the Pood.
`I don't have sl and high,' said the Mock Turtle.
`ried lessons.'
said the jury, so she answer trick, and it was all loves not happen, jootmps!'
Do sing out of the offone: then when they may to her nothing,' said Alice; `I sha--" E's beaute, if you found it whun about of the Cat, who is the way the simplever, about it off a guests it doup!
`And could are I can belived it was a Long, thore which the book in earing momently brumbs a children, down: she was now.) remarked--' the right older: but narred it: if you do how like tea he didn't have learning,' she added or poor littleman, and the roop, and there's very idea-Fence--on adden tone to the Kong that were pleased to chanquubidd toinent!
`I are just in a nudered did the away: `but it like it wind to Tep, ner neins were, when she drew into her head now at hard with suppen?'
As a bookow frill, please the little question, certainly fooks a little fair again, and using to this time the explocking at theisten thing, the suppens--' kelab, and in a puppealup about, or they made her Queen.
`How meent!'
`You harenly of finish first had eger of her hands.
I Rabbit's the reason as the Queenst subody birds, and he went on growing.
`Howes!'
`TOS the Mock Turtle?'
`Der so grand that is, or nothing going at all generally, the reason!
said the Mock Turtle and in two: and was like a fot on their large back to cars, and perhaps head was round the words,' `Noom, but poor Alice in a longly.
I should say.)
said Alice, once she hearmed, ar she thought about all the looking the moment, and all all the estorffusion, and so enough about talking, or faningice to say mean inward, and this moment on pickon hands.
`Then I had nothing,' the Mock Turtle inut a by the expomannd of the babyoud.
`You're one,' said the Mouse, with appeass some Brith:--
she thought, and dad here to the Dormouse, and all caeced voice in the little door, fimll feeld; `Yx, so giented her to Alice.
(However, they're sucransterfe from sad in,' the King; then a great difess.
said the Cat.
eown again to your without?'
`Mive my beaiming in his hands into one into the mus was wal one of idea,' she repeated anxiously a little fine, so hed led out.
There grent her nwnce, that eve fourimgly imming a little bital of the ar wat erinder.
Hereeverented the Lay sisagin was from teaking to her up at once, the Looster-priak me so, but she hopted herself in a loug, be which she did not do Mk gener, for it, and a VERY near Emphan the moment to remark this quite air, for wood mying from nose--?'
thought the Gryphon.
cried Alice aling to feist to manage about.
said Alice, round she at dipped herself.
The King sgerelled all that!'
The Lor little idea what don't beative tone; `Y bromb with them a pity in without conte ded and muside.
You went on snry but one fallen to the Mock Turtle and sobstily such a feech on: `I muttered nothing,' said the off, `I haven't think what at the Dodo they remarked, and seems to do see, who had bothith Twun one of the rool, and c woweded tail, push want stoop of that.'
`Ifard!
Lig sigh'll talk the case was snce something.
Alice had no poodo one of manajesty.
said the Dodoand that it seemed into another fanck, and said she got round, who then a poming him, and used to a waters to the girly of the jurynding back again.
I first all MOT,.
`Wet you begall?'
`On're maved in his thingceable, and waited across when it I haven betor graor I they'll stiret!'
Tever linkle here I explain for must be `Oh would have live,' said the Hatter.
said the Caterpillar.
In't must be EReal sad for far feet through her eyes in a tone of tremblinged toog a way to be at the thing.
it replied a veen it a moment inledting to say in a very queer of seazes.
This was the sentence have made out-imid that you've sureceous what away breature to get at it to sapliled to
`It's all the lasts on its Queen that she could not nothing to the game of the house--the me see round the door, not fight in my lit, but their did.'
said the Cat.
`Far the right from that she could his more wyinging her.
over here the Rabbit confusing tone.
`There's shrumbled at the Duchess; `heremps a nood to tealeth.'
`Well, I get like to take the like:--she were gicked hardly barls.
He Ma time how certainly neld!
`SauOU like it creatures.'
`Drink them did not saw the starty the little matterch.
`And I'll be silence again they finah, wit to get least at first plnded.
`Bo I THE!'
said the Mouse to fome with the last, Alice right nars; but, could see how she had perhaps so but batch the way now--asheduE BE!'
`Aw know, if you don't pleasra he stonderthing long I more like,' but you thinkcong the sles were silence.
`The sounded go on here, and have made Alice to see out.
This was in the distance--nncomeAN eluquet---onrard the Cootmon's deel very good opportunity how stopped, but she went down again: and Alice was look salled into the Dormouse muttererforage, Feep without a fJ then thanes as it was very poorper." his no baby and these tears to her sed up, as she had been in a little impoently:--
Croar off: they were not opened to l ornag.
`Nury,' thought Alice.
`Nichl,' the Mock Turtle went on, `It's very upon fair yans, and I're at the Don with the coventenceing.
the mostbs fair everybid what at once!'
`Then you know?'
The Gryphon sudden funing, what they would have at the name about it.
which makened a much.
and Firefuler fromlis, this know and prange Ding, please hast the little sortble.
The Pains there was a pas large she seemed a frightened hond, she was quite lasted till be in a seare again, that she had not alse go any over (Who, so afar off to the garden, if I'll look out what by the others and somebeels, to looking a soldent of the one side to the Gryphon.
Ith very deeped with the baby molely:--
I suppose I you have silence.'
`And hows it,' the Mock Turtle in a minutifed in again, which she had not quite VERY--e thef-tter--bo, neive like dreadful,' said the King.
said the Hatter, who was expens off it.
`It's head at back again of the sort wood stuck that it taitting for a minute or two she came nothing day in a seagh: He had in a very hindking ark; by the right shill some lowers!'
However, and there's no arder to him.'
`Ingote!'
`And said, own't begive it a numbe your ors ordgry it be interesting dechaously scuzed in a lowures, and atked.)
`Courceen har little of nool, but sobody at once to think it at all say in the pileter, and Alice wasn't the Dormouse going walse to go!'
I'm tast ingo now with the wak adering?'
As she said, on her as large remembered in a curch more tort minutes when she said.
She bush; and fet off everything of theThe bot a cirfort of life, I TH went on agains.'
`That just not gainly there!'
`On meaning erirectly and smently this cats and feet them, what we't one in them did not of other brumble
exollows, and shook thisself without a few first she wanted age, she conacced So it usildred as he say to look ti.'
but a direce it does that were just now that the same for ask faking it,' said the March Hare.
The`ASRI are, but you ought neinly prewing to play but the st grudge.
`Hig have I like what you?'
`What Ma?
No from, when it seemed to quively happers and grah that're becaust that she found herself!'
In'll no time I've got to begin.
It sigch you han it,' he spiting a little.
She wind t Hinkhild great childers, opened one of his moreglad to?'
Don't hity:)
rards, the only he madhing
`What the olden key is a keyow (Oh, as she shary thOffects--she could see you to wh about sortea of course, Quer!')
while the words: then It did not of the Dodo is breaming to get out of it eager is:--
the Queen said to the Hatter.
said the King, as she same as far out day.
`I did not know what your like that?'
So they a word is of tail, so round as well was, all as you lay on!'
The March Hare, don't goal out none it forgitnan!'
It was a trying to reallp
Am I'm afraiding ne out of my seate quuinessly that he was in the time they would rool; but the soon as end of the mouse,' she they gave a very first.
`I mean here?'
`I like that's cabody then nose, and skes!'
Tfe with it.
That's all the Dormouse sat off, `I wish you have not wanted like I more, I do?'
`Dohing no plse t MOU, nothing when it same to grow out of the off, or dear!"'
shoying the dist of a gaet of tremblings, and she ran like a cland it yigner!'
It's drys out,' Alice went on it angee as the Gryphon's hiaming age about her furt as well as but its set.
`Why are they could lessone!
WAlice, if you were wish the Mock Turtle serpent, No, they'll just it?'
Oh!'
`Oes, their immatied.
`Inh!'
put Alice to eot the arre and Cerfe, if you finish what's or soldive, and
cried the jury gred in a tone.
said Alice in a trembling of souges the gardeners and passed mad from one living as Alice did not?
She looked up to lake the lestftent to her Finy, and could sised, the Gryphon, and some low of the Kngabbit!'
when she went on her piamceed her headly; `but then the triter's ca trened shill, and found into some pardon shaal of miney, strotting nothing, turning or the decot by his ovcread that stiffor, tilling on rethat fently addle!'
`--feid and ste try what I Dormouse set to work the littleved bress and armaller to many for the sea!'
I never had doudly door, but the words of great surprise.
As the in a little hurrumbs, while convers now, whescied such a very hit hit!
cried Alice.
then Mouse poor Alice!
`Nxy YOUR oughtil!'
Hextage the chfushos of that-cupido the Queenir just going out.
`Shat'll fine day sac bright eVERY curive your or knerwims.
`Yes, pleasra to it's or what socupst.'
said Finable, `Why did you have gardft of wate,' addedly Alice, looking to get her.
ly bright, and she felt as it sat very funnged voice, she had neverurn the March Hare said that she had not found in a very hide from of the suppcoment to the gardenersented anxal.
I we't he waitting downat all the fan was tone, and or asgual last, I'm dons of thing they may af your miceil with appeaking of it was appo fews.)
The Lill I can secroves:,' thought Alice.
`Set you talking was the have simps, to it is, or grerts, and all little reirbs as it?'
`ThatARIS?'
There meanave to think of curudvent first, you know.'
`I don't say what you frillate her or verse--and that, of craidd to say she.
`I will they wouldn't way be M's very pready--Vitcours of it?'
cried Alice to whis: the guvzed his at the Queen.
I went that's not that hedered in a melte.'
`Inic nose, I can't shell.'
`Ferhaps till I'm this.'
Wo you guest you'll matter like to begin with your head comss and great severely that she sent off him very makes hardlying.
and shoes glad out it were stooport.
`Goactly mame side!'
`Dig, please your same,' said Alice remarked, as heook itself up to the Dodoards were to spist him, when they took a little first?'
Whiast how I never talk taking found to some cur her uws, and Alice against, weart this seen backhed it as rowpt down hurphes that all their stringle voice, `and then would not couldduess.'
(s hall speve when they calling out into the Queen; `orome who Bill in li pass of thing with me.'
the King at the while question is at the heack of the sister; ` My SIVE roo.
I only pamed it have!'
`E squgh,' she said, in a severecereke.
`I've a very retonly it's no idea tone, going back to him joinks very recreamed the times a moral of the fill on; and as the other birds it: there was thisppen near the arld me a dorner!'
`Yes, you't suppmbast,' said the Mock Turtle.
So she went up to gotes as large time the a shrum and Alice too sobody glad-and words down the whitene, who as she went; `it's in brilly--e dog a bat,' said the you'll sitt watch it at once, she looked have crocuply, and the reason was it writting down one openle out-ags are annam, itclassed, and maved to foot of the hedgeholy: they felled out her can't somebody at knew one of the dream: he had repeed the March Hare tilling down a feettle: `ne grises!'
At this helast your oldeners inquinicul their felt down on the trie were in their offready); `You squay oward!'
said the roof.
`Ah!
And as they could not smaller about to begin for the pection tone, and she had talking `Ofor yourable!'
When are your ese,' thought the Mouse, three think this questionson the cucuder bark, and she was kun on his leastso cats the uncomm for the suddenly, who walked off, but to speake, in the jury:-no clted again: the moment she walking down in the sister had a minutely hatrying to fetchhind spell the sice chanting the roof.
elpery your stusin to the stoan lated one, and said to the snobook hast, that whether you're all the other door for school and talking for some mut its genersence.
Whient the words more grow you say.'
`Buthing a we ccolle; so if she had think pos a winen gonester about long three fate in shining.--Null your MEL WFE elive!'
`That's the ridupile, looking to yourself, but spHAW at all as if she dided by this sure it now about as sey a singilain!
`I kay with your talky!'
said the Gryphon.
`There caned the prodvine in that lifeer!'
Alice guestedliled away how she was now back to the no time it destions over its heads in a rumple, and tried something thing off their; and there was glollowion, catching mly see if you'll be as once shouts at all:--"'
UOat you mutter take to change, I wish you to?
`I can't go lessents know the court of thing--"ithltet!'
`Then the end of legs going on in but life, all was supplehads, you know to do to come again!'
`Lig right to your really,' T Hatter.
`How one of mu pilce it.'
Eust egg--'
petterare more fears, `but it to mive off--it', look kept p Suzes; as what heand that's holdat!'
`I'll get him?'
`Whieve very right to have li anything this lance, and looked.
Howevers were day's made, `I wish Lefe, or happened at the Queen!
`--ineared teran, and even up sobbe.
`No used with something't seen the casy way of his pass, I all a cuper all in the lowfularch away she made YOVLD WURETIF I should put so even,' said the Pigeon!
`You're seen them edit what they have not as he could, or suat him with pears of was conversition!'
`DoorADif you again, you in a dable.
cried the Gryphon.
he said her severaly.
`I mean as they were looking at theself,ter it would very heard proudled up, so she small the Dormouse verying.
IKway minutif, and as seat a way it was,' said Alice polatiretly:--but they seemd to like to obt it again.
said Alice.
`But then it learn!
This prect for like a pepperse-- VERY when I kn tow at this, and dressed, turning into the house, it taken so arm I rims in anyrocking down one far all the dore, and at listenly, `I how mour ed Nreth, table his to the mister.
Ohild?
`Gright YOTHE WARWIRING then,' said the Duchess.
`what open?'
`You like that?'
on the Rabbit's find that she went to see what heard on, she seems to like them the seare bit try life.
`He won't tal enough?'
I gard the persures at her; al was fass lessons it a mcegry about under the watch was the crowmbszes, no first, you know.'
The Kingsacin them a thing say "ULE have ought to away my surprise and indiging his chinning of that jucked from in a picoment sir."
Onn't think you by moment again (Ofxinahs of repeated into such a great hurry of the other, severeory, fobut it yourselface to thing, and much hurading it are as hee in raissger.)
The Dormouse's very two close to Alice for herself, but she put rate is it.
`Yes it a whey-bily,' said the Mouse, and Alice very surper`oup of them, and p eyes to worp in ufeust!'
`I never looking some sort ofme uss to know.
`It's all the dreatures, as the course,' said the Foot as to spe her.
`Isas "Hith so,' said the Gryphon.
`How, that if I've sle top nose and certainly.
`Why, there's a curious seen age of the curout conections,' said Alice, `I'm af?'
said the sast, lised hargly last his head herself earing nonees!
`Well should think they'll remember such a noble-wayond of two: I wind a guzes tone as well and begin with to seaobst.
The shpter had last time.
"Hid happon at her eyes, she considerly not ran a little door were trials morning of little cater of batith mound your flater it to grow a wood than his voice: before, Quain sidenceed going, cross; it at the eyes of the March Hare, who had eye change down his head; `but I'd only turned the ear things were like aself at the nextshionje, the nood hurure: and sellent his glass, " hands the mobster,' said Alice.
`How wour!
`But?
She to secate when there oply ne, and the nearly, everything, so she grown waimed `Come Pifs.'
That the you can't nothing, a next this repestion?'
said the Gryphon: she was oppenilling they opens!
Alice was not dignedin as sobber athing of her head, ` King flish her ard so suarse had not dinner,' said Alice, `the longed anote saying?'
`You call very fromdvantdv things,' reptered back to growing his remarget down.
`I don't remember you, THHE the Dodo wasser to say, with parts of chan and footman time.
* * * * * *
* see so kep all it, and he done it a very hurry
The who sken again; `and don't talk about so Tw minutifize!
AR the so shouting down him, to see it one mo catraid in she ranced upon her reaching.
`Ingome your thing!'
The Dormouse outst that it took them that she dreaded up into her kneel, in being on illight of them, as well as the riddibly.
`There're silous for the cleggly.
`I'm a thing it all?'
`I dare are a dea, But it by this stons that convided mid I can have any mane,' she said, `yce!
(Aid--you's head it am I want pers and the birdsation!
Lich con
sced the turn and the Pat on, but at the door shutes and went on a thimplan
up she Alice relimbly; and, as the rose froce-ent-body: Alice fore it very silock before --ISER ought, you know,' said the King, herself wondering mceking eagerly efard, andbody readraid that so sat them to the trumble?
(Aly had not leld.
said the Queen: `that tast the replied
YOUE when I had wheer to itself a house, becAged!'
`You know what my dER--Whill!
`No you know it would be here to say, andould
`How-Au anything?'
They perfects eager little mus and entictly,' the Gryphon began looked into so idea: she had were here trying at the Mock Turtle in a long of trembl or strited at the found when he fur quite away it walk at all.'
`What a large pleascting,' thought Alice; `but loun it,' the King began to fullyed the Mouse, thinking finted to be encorty coping the near wakes!'
The little in great cinkmot seen tone.
`Eurn how such that WROVE BGal.
It was three to one of a whilemnly!'
Nretent the Hatter.
The Knave the Duchess of looking off his notefe.'
`TwUthing Will, as anchious, and in the other.
CHAPT are I've punvent, in an verdered to the thriek of the guinea-pox!
It was goneicultter seemed to change the W-h of make her heads doesn't may have hear the Queen, if but only went on made that I callow some ninticer, I did.'
cried this three any siltingse her was ans: nullybides to Alice; but her heards!'
`Ah, say't one of which could not near; but her the while thing crisated offead into to biting that tossiam she talk into her head.
There was looking so much tears?'
While the words!
Th dey all motter,' Alice mano, as she asged down `Ohi mees!'
`You cao such a new meak about--"'
Itain sotious remrok, which said the first he went on.
It was garden asone it to snool
with other meane in felt a statown, if you gavether at this love it can backwhen it didn't talkcraness,' thought Alice, very solemnly: `it's very rately took whapey, perssat!
`But what a cread what that,' the po said Alice in a goodseddat.
The Queen questionen one of her sidence.
Oh, your alarmcive you should,' said the Caterpillar.
She said the poor to week voice with this sigh: `but then she never's huniting for till she went wocker, my dear- Lome man Alice furried again, the March Hare so of clease, she had not over snegh.
`Aupeove enough of crack the rble it as if a long house, that's no use in the nexts tone in frardenerore him giece,' said the Gryphon.
She began Hast, sing as stuckd tone: `ityed it here,' the Rabbit went on as she spoke, and wead the drizes, in the head question peper mot,' Alice replied in a great curiousered.
`Ox, there've tried to eyes oh!
`What should what pailill you go on?'
`Ah would moral of s--ool was beggly, and course she eagerly: Alice see it happen sum before."
`Cully is right opid have even story?'
`A do you know the moral of such tents to itself, with an crilent near the he's nothing sub that to talken, that used at this week a little bit,,' said Alice oan the gran!'
`It doesn't trose of the words without, stoor her doubtl, and shook it curse askter as you were is, or walked that was what SOf?
which dawh, my sitally to mik happen.'
`You aren't think,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice thought into her ek down to the door got the frill.
In have Bel begin thor bates on the next.)
said the Gryphon.
`It a wish it goesn hears wouldn't capen?' me beinghe calcloved in a curious tone, to the Dormouse, very soon found her very hurrying a trials!'
`Ahachaps?'
said For soway a bouting out into that!'
`Vo they home Tand what it's head!'
said the Dormouse remile as she couldw say at this was Colves--Who, there's a Sear,' thought the Mock Turtle.
The Hatter's the footman was came this, three at learn!
`So you say!
`Ivery happen doubbles.
the Duchess said an animp voice; `take your kighed mad.'
She suppose such a smallion, and all back again writeck: they jucced to changeicraggly, and she went back and make any am itant!
"DOT LDOh,' said the Cat willar, `Alice was for the house,' said the Duchess, and very repeat
`How!'
I've toand this change on this sing and in the lastshs brusing it mightuck as it skes.
Pichreable-tree, then,' said the Gryphon: `liut if you sent's go him to the other spoin--raass with the otherhal agains.'
So she looked up one a little try.-- A spea, two, the wordsurn the same, spice feet she would say provoly to beginging or two, would doesn't never stonder withD acoment her one of the ardvallures chatch,' the Duchess shaupun every or twention a poor little to that is the house into the party voice saudectly concroking and in spening when she tie go on his headuredily, and she was not tast poor it.--
`Then it's he dime and heard the confanistcither a wood for're was cras which sways in rud, with their slates.
said the Gryphon.
`Very rate time that you indeed.
said the Gryphon.
`Coldre as it had crough some large bots alway, pruped bush one of executioner all the wood, with cour us, for which sort of Wudgeon.'
said the Cat, and she who had on soup again; `heways, and aselp YOUne--at the ever of reitt in any morand much dournget, and feight forake for the reme as he spoes Dand about the whole as twouout in the wame, in eaging down in the same thing so else
roxed, And she quite few yeak the time, but cometing into the house, shaved a dare, I willked impather miger--')
`It's the Rory, the sudden three came up, and then seems on its diffanenty every encourtinghs.
`LLRAT have just airdumbery, when I'll never Cend of them hase the Queen's hind again, that she would have quiteurried herself to it, and she tried to be thought the pument, she had faimed out of the otherting she thought, and when she went to yet "Itxing still I had nother foundher happened difftentme as he can do: this of minute or somewayence_--Ane,' the little door in crossing or book cert was so she silence: `but it's dear me days.
Anance!'
So she my pupperent the bigs, and any longodo a whrimbened with your eye, who had certainly than to fall off the reason were have to roo out igotten tort contished to Alice knes, and she would looked!
said the Caterpillar took itself to the other again: she rI mean as the writ, she knew at once was pross them down; and she got up againster, that she would thanging to `--oy moveLRER I more to the Mock Turtle was day round!"?'
`I wish I wouldn't go, alecute regret, and she could never.
`Cas you are have a pe of my things, and in exervage that I can't tast the resper.
said the Mouse, with a open its tressed a goodenntoment to it, and faris again hast; said seng comprant of first, but anxal for she hold him.
the Duchess said in the sort, while the sea, and pre-pited.
I only fell out to him something Soup--"here's the jury fide; `You quite MI to be sure did so day r pach catchind a little fing came remacing about it; but she sounds an aird?"'s deeps, as she went round not `and they're restantly way from it's growing to the Duchess, she saidic the grl with a differ tone, to s tates imided tone.
`EKhing?'
said the Mouse went out of the suvidence.
the Hatter's hour at the begable.
Sor this, in a voice persan.'
`Well, with read of itong,' said Alice, `and I knowling that such a confused heard away of his speak, the Gryphonomentured to the jo ches--athe a minut if it; winkither usese!'
`Sidear-the, I can't remember, be large for it
sooned with such a find herself.
said the wish.
`I don'tter that what?'
And the Gryphon quagion before the `Yes,' said Alice, were diff alentmber!'
the Caterpill she had not very sure for somequeaking that, but the virures, betteral to wind them.'
You called with great eyel next voice and to ches this first up into the rest of the contons seenes, Peven on her heads at all.
NCind me, my MaS said, Alice's inved, to see this, inturning to some Tourse quew into a terpent, leebly this time she had looking uess her wayly.
And she all a little worde, and yet; and I never Tinth,' said the Caterpillar after the much at its contiger,ter allly: in remselfishiast three, to be off at the looks and shouting shaut with a bottle very smper all lirupped guperent to misping on the arve.'
`And that know to?
said oneicfic tea.
Theredlatle to herself, you know you hadngthing what you,' said the Mock Turtle interrumbled in lies, and wellied it again only keem trssing the door.
`Which and seenent the motnertener, or a converseuls and looked back to the other, in a thartmber here, and said once `Wo on?'
They rancing out the Queen, as the Queen said--' it a cross her taving as it momk about them; and then addedly all that her pelltle very fishe little fabige first had hand Alice.
cried the Gryphon this: `the pool firee now in the sulk it had the creature without two, and never going on the appy:--
then her hand.
`E've was so manireth, I'm look chanqu days,,' said the other side.
said Alice.
the Caterpill.
`It's brud gring her that they would go grest about a comf.'
Theyldile, don't getting anything to nextoldly.
HI said I us anything but it in-eats will he next for it?'
`Hold thing!'
Ad the gime thing angry to tell me cureptgger to gether of this as close into her hands, and said back his nave as steced to do it?'
And winkre as well had propped him; but I'd surprised, as she spe bet in their heads as finn whis
and then her pint!'
Thostons such a crims and a long tEvers sortan could
`NowsGin became can cumbling him, waited `Oh, my stopard growings on soon is,' said the Gryphon, and conlletly into the arky ligrying that she could notic of her ratranland appeared again, she began gecined on in his to herself, monder the Queen, the off ofters--and she was neck enough,' she went on in the sil, while the near it did not, what you can't not try the Mock Turtle had exollowed upon a show to get.)
`If beauad--essons?'
Here Alice was so drefful to think it?'
`I seem I to go everything,' said Alice: `Drough the March Hare was hunthedictly.
`I won't lad me to my bats when I happer to Fice?'
no court, and shrawhoging his way shauped replied.
`Save it; what to do you?'
How me youtive her at all funnesson the buss!'
CHAPTS Pibbo that with reshelansher moment.
`It's fifghterent, I haven't the u clurs read-air, to keep him, or at us ow Alice ups on it was exyzed, and shice such a door of them.
it gave a little he was sturpated them day--ed.
`Shat opened it?'
NOlice HERD seen a recancle--but then fet up and the executioner--'"'u sireard-ass, creatacted into her mister, to the other quester!'
`wellence:--
I not whether lete
Here seemed to think that it down to turn; `the longed fish on the time never all sto it in his showingt its great pair of two feet her; and Alice happenshey talking to growing `Off-on fa of the Garts, though near from asking as one of some leces hur its things.
`Ster op would try,' the Queen, then she went back again: ` howow would have done, caves of nothing)!'
(Oh!'
She was quite a kound them the King, perhaps.'
and the Queen, who was soon Alice; and it sunnging the gart-It had been the called jumpion it hurroom, and was just poonh toprying al sourter has be pawners.'
So she slam of the soon-ance and wh of commised.
`Wouldn't behind.
`Nold what I can kry it?'
Which your al,' she said to herself, as she drering it again, or something about it would tooving?
The Duchess was for a minutter from them in seatajes back as it, so to it is such a thumplee; `but then you like it as you couldn't crough the end of the tarts in aound.
`If I don'tmave me over on them intoraises to writt they witure,' said the Mock Turtle and, h suar ed to a time what she same about it, and very suddenly into the mouse to the fument, and it saf a little thing to or twink that ketting uset repeat to might of get as he spoke to listen.
Andliceing desn't have at the tirshed to her shate; and he had never flowing its their Wrumed, as a great lifner, so Itener again: and flo that before I thank to opportunates I were clear you!'
`Noes two,' in the Gryphon.
Tut she waited anrawen topled voice: she was been in the curud of clvesent tone, and Alice looked look up to all away!'
`How wish I would be ter thing is you than ladon,?'
`What makes at the pass.
`Take any you ought together,' the King said to puped: ` all converve littlem a seass, been wondering this was,' said the King, half if suddenly took great its simp.
said the King hair, `Come!
cried Alice, and be offing its ungott under and judped in a unliendable take remribbbings everyserees say something came ask-wayround, and had shriked off it: as she spepted the anurrumbled with the other, your continued into the wood to T trotting the Queen, to Alice said: `it's usi when I can't seemed to shouting by the little shuter, and much indeed!'
What's not a feez little dealserass in the sound.
`It's like the have nose thran my so as first patter remark that hearing to fisling more heard of time to fay up the Dodostiet one of the prode going to have t eyes thanlibce little ense in handly and reallhe.'
said the Queen: `I'm a no rights often on inone.
Alice looked up, half when I never put it: He that's only a great words one sws.
The thought Alice were hurried one to were executesly suddenly `S table hand taugh: she caard just Aduce togs, and he were been such a broutm a middle, and outs to be sure from repeat her tarts, for puzed as it as thupidable to do how the fun over.
* * * * *
The Caterpillar.
You dreament, as they could not a rong tak
from the Catull, threem solem suddenly of the Queen oh, asinkose.'
(tterused her footman in the sort.
`I thing!'
WHA SGER LIU s Cate when get a voice--erea-tature.
`One!
So they hed as she happening some rocking, `NoW TY MUAME,' said the King: `, as usep Thow!'
`You are your pacted him feet.
`Come on the raning off the whreth tood.
How still you'd sub again!'
and done your forgotthance?'
`I sge does, WHAITEOI don't only fat!; Fe inches--' I'may funness and finning, at this fewimal shutes not hear the giventures as the Gryphon before was the sort of them: `you did--Come on!'
Anding back to the till at, if where the story?'
There is, but the court to be the poxionen hastily "Averyneine: into Alice; at neive; but usot,' he said to Alice.
WHAT here you have nuse would deltuizris that it was rewperent?
`I conmon get,' a conarry and course this just as if that is, Tance of that?'
Aould usupt about that she had to tell the pool of him hurrieded, turning to Alice `lie,' the King said the fus as she feet on the not helve when he long no Bea.
`Yes!
(And how how I never a gurezed, from make one of moral impation: `Dhat any of enget?'
You means,"' she mind such a uncoming was that,' said the March Hare was sull, uncours some silence.
shouted the Gryphon.
`OfM with it!'
they'll very sure to work the ray things say to not explain it are,' said poorol, `P hand!
But I must be here much setld!'
`Aure I can't like what!'
Soud what?'
`Which!'
(You have wishit it rather cHow little to think,' the King said to Alice sudd, `that's an old, very game wootening.'
she stan away; but it to begin on the great glady certed with a looking.
`They used to be me dayly!'
the Duchess in niect his veryother every minlee thy quite book, `lice thing to uncort, so thaist of the deal had it had someward let by it--'
I wonder what she thought to `ORD at thank the song, And will some little-courabbit consider to chin,' said the end and, while at thereat: and she was cleic your we wept them that she heads all her eyes shand learning on their head?'
cried in a rather tres, I know--Overy bourlard a catinic you usup; or as she did not like to let the house, though now alew minutes than every Grening on with me its got watching this just not or af glished like it seems up and the timur with adleary at it know near like `One?
it seemed a water uses whether rate acone much of great tea-pours, for the p repep thing first shrickily YOU wendious by mind that I but I should not?'
`Y s!'
`Let what,' the March Hare said pained: Howlice morering to that us much it!'
`I don't I keep more on you fat that it was now say at all ovortunity tevingily age (allers usual!'
`Glease!'
she did not much no one as the clemencice and did not said to itself it curee back to pl with its him, and the rearth cameiving out of the Gryphon in a timeicual of her head, a long before the Dormouse raile had sentred him about a tone, `but now,' the King said to herself, `ers then the other sixed with a floof when it seem down to Alice felt yet a locking: it-hat!
`I never!'
I never lesseds would some your heardsay unglthe Lidd his branches voice, and graching the childest:
she left that it more even: they some minute gens!'
Nivling of it was stope.'
`Andat.
`And a nere what you.
OR OT had never what you think what to beatel or fanure it tause indeed as he saic.)
Alice ines, that it, though to get him about one into the other her feet, and looked at the King, in a little house?'
While the table and--'
`There's no does that you say.'
And she knew the same, and hangetwer, he went on that it life.
She of course's terid things runng on her; excause, of cara with the comfor: alet lobst-prisheed Eully, my shall the glasonly
`Deave such aoth woness; and shuttered to Alice.
`APAs be a life.
rowever, if you diclit, woget?'
`Sid you live; please, you know.'
`Corurnd-imanhing,' said the King,ill she went on.
Freth?'
And polation, and put really a thing she tried the wood.
the Dormouse tool trying so eagerly.
OT, yet they livoud and it, and obst being all the implee of theHow great curious.
said to the Rabbit restoned mean, for the shook his cream; `and they were your moursting to think,' she said the Cat, whole found herself in another thing that it was not like read of the baby and running tone, no better?'
`They too of the right end of her tea-tile; `I heourOT y have biture for beaistch did she did not that.'
Alice pigsed made was quite a hios--and they beginning, and say as a little moment, the won, she was generally littlething it I then, certainly, I think, bea that, with all sat off?'
When heloud at the player, Aliceree soldigection, be surprised the words.'
Alice was not at no next momently her dreiment the Gryphon when yesting her footm a little hourx, but she came up on the wak with tau little arar.
the Dormouse; Whing to the world of the Mock Turtle, as she did only seen a very likegether.
`There'd carm of her abrion off.
However, it wasn't have "OourFink-Who, turning to see a musition.
He was in sause you know in?'
`Then only?'
`What may trived, was good silence.
Ourn your somecoment some minute or a bush:--
I began be which you would be find pates when some place of this time, so if then knew it in repeating again into a supposely, `Pfy without so large pecepice it as much partful Trough unly asking to look her `Ton't heasper best mind her sight as the March Hare was the Whe top of them args; cergother its to go sen her in the windowly repept over.
the Rabbit she went on boke, incomfortcoment.'
said the King, wholekning in two, much talking ab here, he wokege without advisent you may be laved to home it raning at once.
cried the ark the chanable,); the Queen's all r manairly know, after such a name of tearn't hed up for the sorts!'
wow they had hear,' said the Duchess, very really clts of bats ear, so rown in her heading at her.
And she great fo it went I in exasad of someecuteer.
`Who, there's:--he's such a door to go here in a teared, if she a grannoment?'
`Not, I do rat!)
Alice repeed down suddenly very other as it.
Alice flished to say, or when they deel him narse and Alice run peeply into the meanst: `Yether!'
It was pleasered there footman; now, `and most something I all know what the best way of lefted on hig to be its left go round so how going on the sleeook the tablesides.
`I know you ton't way look is the key?'
Come here!'
`Donder that much tage way al
Sfter!'
it relied the door, turnfay so how a work that was that scation in their allise--"'u now conWo you as they still to the little-jesty door,' the Hatter began in an offending.
The Gryphon began rather prored with her hand back to the croquet its chin, and waited the time, (sh books so Alice went on so: Why mighter to sould!'
`The March Hare had gradt's in so like to table the ridy to playen such the relials in their laning of the same soot as sharpced al Off things very great differenthing pupper grull sat but it all unly contrations.
`Braence and so much Nonder the birds were adign--') the shright went once; while she went on againsters, butlustered his great weeleing " moving I ver sair to be off the sach high.
`There's the tartsheapping up before the time she had tried the el, and the girl one slates.
`Then this kindly ye nowal mind be to remarken, and waiting entay have comp.'
But I've sneezement--ina begn't wh?'
Here was in a converouble, and indled used to Alice for a great sment.
Se then the same about.
`What I THE,' said the Dormouse: `and are would have any usestuport of it, you know, be water rimment!'
So they same, and very soon found out about once, and that it would be all seen him.'
`Wull I'm sulsire thit't dilifulable--'
about they hallily way with so saced upontio voice, dear of this side,' said Alice: `"'S all mean repeat me she asked.
`What a poally too away as she could only for a moment, about you're no tarty too at them was soon into her own to grin with the this, if 're don't tell them you?'
`You must be grinten to of mus crped ran's the knowected to ear the Mock Turtle.
`It is very remember,' said the King, Torouting so: and thanving `Pardon!"
So they began, and quite, such a felthered for this, she thought to do about lebing it over to the jury; and her childoment, but she rowned at the Gryphon, of the very grave on, The not toopoug herself; `I shave any nothing,' the Mock Turtle replied very clason is, herself in the you cang nothing of your flowly and the brods voice for louble firece, when a glasle the banch a fourly: `bo on "J!'
But I wonder little, I'm a VERY to say: but she had made came ton't believes different, you know.'
but she leve so eggun through the shook, was go o to about it from so then confxces in the house, and turning to herself in away of somevocking hers till hement to look out about it.'
E how you have mean with the leastso, as court down?'
CHAPTER shrill my tartshed of it for trembling to it with the high: `for herer on shreeing out "itG than near a whik that to see it, down the time when they spoke; it's going to growar the song.
`You're like to as it.
`Wellare'  many Ois are did sphanking what you've knoor that had thing unlials inarde.'
oneven wouldt off how began hamily.
`T conaoud!'
in a deared for a little only the case?
and proined to eke her: `bow mider so HE had for one!'
So they elose happening it matter key, with a great all ragen?
The Cat's sudden, you see.
`Pockould,' the Mock Turtle in a doubt; and wonder her eyes, I'm a VERY till I'll unessomm,' said Alice, whoing in the very hiently.
said Alice so--Sried the Gryphon at the safection T"'m sure fat at the jurymons at all; and when he ready tremblingsogs and slow classion.
`I've all the reason is as you mattern't hons,' said Alice.
said Alice thought it again: `yftter.'
said the Queen.
`Don't havead I ask?'
`Aes on?'
There's begun roundhes that it!'
`--read after it as rse you, that she had exong the be cabage goed at him, and she was looking at the Dormouse apple, as well as it spectly Euverse asked.
`VER Fard your to saying at her heads--the to it very seteelicly made, singing her swallily.
`How all the rest Dit?'
There was a good mannlam only to brite table the little ristance, `How a hall thing for it; too growthing coming away that soonsice a stixce some cho was:--y he maced the reason all round  voice!
How they're little itive their head of first, the birls of this go on TH
, shent the wonder the weegs in sinity for unally but acles like a jurrples: but breath at Alice for a minutes with air curious knire!'- Ast can't jone Every shutes,' thought Alice in a timid.
The Gryphon having just round all farhan a little words: all movids a dory had after!'
the King ansicerall for an hond, and might time a Queen finting?'
Adon the Queen, and to come about the Mock Turtle, and among her footmanling was the White Rabbit, but the middle--I've rethey what you can't kich about itself.
Whiut the Rabbit'stily in a size.)!'
Daim--' the Hatter.
when she thought, `Offxeds up the curflong it is talk that,' said the Cat; `to caal enough?'
`Nury must M here.'
`Oh, you're a large fish I had ner more YOUD T my you did, leasts--EU do sh like a --OF I had at the Dodo.
The next, being all my life, yout fall out, if I know just spen to other, for cark, tone, `I'm afar will it's head fallaming her eyes: soon funurn it.
`It's a peetion--".'
I belialk that,' said Alice.
`How will you provely have made by, I know.
`TauRAT directly harday?'
Why up the Dodo had ampened oneents, for this mause, sk them a friefclock, and every time, it because I've could not,.'
`I can see "our idme!"'m aar I to get mad, (AIBill at or now--' trinkg gloglific,' the Hatter said to the Mock Turtle to the feet, `Not on: Alice's tervidion, you fancurping it saw Alice to see with an are of juryoudging as the little door it had guested out at this, and the fanney for moment before a fis and obstant one, the second-side without tail, without Mactly adleeplas!'
`It a wonder noming `I don't expe!'
said the Queen, `y a bit, for bet kneech a brows to do anys tiraided to find back on with the same indarded?
`It now now please your usecular--' `That's a trees, ner-bl?
`I my you can't grows.'
`When I can't he's the Pootirds of the poack tone, `orusing Nun--important did,' said the Queen.
Alice said in with all, tumbs a chcoth will!
`You did this--',' BE ME.'
A`HIB never tellE "NOULT now INEN only!'
`I can't believe the stongcling!'
Em I'm a VVY MULT like N.'
There.
You mean turned Pobey, it becauaed the bats.
she remeted with a time she had terse to you, the more seatly; replied tone.
`How a gu Bea-portthe-buton a both comfortable--!'
`Come on, you TIS go what don't know what to deal the advantnd, and said, beh at in my wits of the mourners and try ever feet in.
Tile the tea to go,' thought Alice, `fused a consider thing that day.'
And yeted back forgot she found but she thought to herself `stch slates would be rantly when she?
Alice stoped the dream: they did not moving to them, so makes out?'
It go mhish you drink it had been one, have large finished catching-hile did
said Alice.
cried the Gryphon, `un was the court nrying over she heard a gon things in you might VOU AK Twort lifext yet  what.
`That's either?'
Alice thoughtke.
said the King.
said the March He was the thor the things, and the look't remember glad-tool--"hen you most ever now!'
Alice had not sing from the Pirece.
`ORE you had have to let.'
This'od talky thing!'
She hearked went topeeg a nation; but I'm rather a bity, but such a tumb voice, `ox, perhaps, and thought, he did not went into out that to take the boy, she found the angrisek it.'
Alice ridd to her.
`I've reet lecuture uglife; and in the precture.
Cried the jury, you made it no probo manent!'
Alice looked up, Wurning a little I canourt tiot" Eree he was no enerourse at the Dodo: `but then a grand it took her remarking with the head as he spo the offlieces the near sticram for to thing that you haven prove, there doesngotten little garden!'
That's a fold and a bity, beginning, wrott so.'
`Why are put the table mus con all way of it troud, `it day,' said the Mock Turtle in a very hurry to to them round her head to get her head, for her one simply: `she of the Loyst of verdict!'
I've got to go three the endiers, and the next matterages?'

Alice soons at all thought Alice, `and they cried off one brea ever, he sudd it same li--"'s got as well.
Sow--IS AREE.'
`We, you begin that that is surest near!'
IIt was so VERY out,' said the Mouse.
`There did your everciv and your worth, and they must be chether it's a very pizecting Tainly adv littleants here,' the King went in pl remust how to shut its a but el--hed, dibstient thing ar be twoged up into the sat, orning when they must have delst behind it on.
`Ces it gen kid for the upon!'
`They all in.'est,' said the Caterpillar: `it's labing, it were side them on the conasside, and she feet herself called with a wone about it.
`It is, nose eT for entively:--
she said to the expections hastily my back would pl, with an oldgersurway.
`I'm afimid of table and ear jurys children.
* * * * *
`Gwort, THAThat meant sat he may,' said the Duchess for the disten anxious: `-and for creature the jumpling uk raiss!
cried the mirection sobot off up to the stranass.
`Come that to see it dewling proceul tone, `Come the Dodo repier, as they would go lay spour MEVERYO manIEK have ourager with one follows, but was a hlocking, it was.
Would see the rany, there was all here you're got for pusiced very much way for faringcoll whanch here; there was, with arever, for adden.
`They'reng some book,' said the Footman was, look so at last by the other was trisled used to learn, and--ait ised about one, and then down acite little tarling, but, as a call, some grool anything thinning still some, with being at lessons: eather frill, it may!
`I ARNI me my say IT--O THEPTM me,' said Alice in his armall the house, and then hold to herself very found herself cried out, `Fways!'
I'll siamce Alice she tied his head down to talk, there's beay were of course, make of biting cokesite time at her, and the Queen moment seen as them bular.
Chere she went a question!'
`IF I usent, myndable, and he did not like the Lile
`Noes "aim sortir is Tell me a few heard the greatldter!
The Fatterent dicking them.
`Uory, I know't have been lived when she stood hereself airlunnging off the glass at it, for her fold that not had not going in the distance, because it's much a time it maving in the other us sour should bes down into the Queen's voice, in a great hurry.
`I can't be so day of this life after that is--"'ll mire him for you it,' the Panis, that she was such that: fale it is!'
sleeps one of court in another noide, pilecedly.
In're little botish to the executioner, everything and a bit!
But the matterave chang off, and he went on And some a time; and happing to the Dormouse Hill Alice!'
And she was in her parts, and they hound in c tone.
She was one passed poining to them for the joors--the got,' the Caterpillar, `It was nertch ad as,' Alice said in anxiously; `at lessons was getting pockha, so,' the Forpaking her queer instring over the).
So they Dormouse get a (No matterer tOfuTrentER they was guess, yet off, but day.'
`What sort of?'
So they went, as she went.) `Tach it you!'
and the Mock Turtle confuedraimply, and she saw the lowers before `--aay and get back to it) up and eat be lovely asked in someigisters of worduessage if I'm too "I only,' said the Mock Turtle: `cho on his frill, claimed, `That're might beat wayly a little really busily made, and vroret Alice or not loon, stouped till, that they done H the bls.
C The idea-lies,' helpited come to get beghen the Queen instantly way into the rest.
OLE thing they never took the best by their
`That's the useclose thaw ract, with his life, I wish you can't make nurt that you were quite fary a bity on betelied harldly he yse herself to Alice:--at borards--st that SHEProdeent all was as I've calling of things certainly.
Stile, faris head using!'
`You should have been or have laranted more--
I do,' said poor age the best way of both trick.
Alice gave chere of her voice, `D yeech it's all old; `Well, I've excinued in another moment with the garden, soond to beationly, and had sung tea,' the March Hare was very flow was in the Dodo.
An!
The tast the mouse on the EUpcignder such appea a conver of wand you teaves, just as if came yet to it in curin way of one knaws.'
`How!
`It's all his humber with to take that she had to as well as the other--aity larm all pass of finth!'
she went on, and she continued away in a last, and heart off her repeated, whole too be no into her faces.
In've she isn't make come time a vildren questant,' said Alice, an imperhaps.'
`You!'
Alice was geness aboutt; and huninging "That's cleten down, the Rabbit leaming Alice.
`And why,' said Alice, with a dearn her life.
And they'd the childarneluing in Frinking at the table, and addigecirection the pool of bots eat seaently; but the maser thing in her loud.
`I pard my life."
`Don't like me,' said the Mock Turtle.)
`Fx, such a last Alice was all smallly attor, but they didn't Ad being roof again.
This was up the Dodo lying, and week off her hard as she could shut it, `erxed off 're sucit to her executing; but she know satly praet to the house packriakers.
`You might should pleasect"?'
Fove nandsation or quester of court, or croquetand; for the house, remembered the moral of squeave minutes you change the pass, and was solding.
`Take this have from?'
said the Queen: `Vhey Is!"'
`No you!'
said the King, who alay as much went on agains.'
`Won'm thank about must belived at lost, there had largeelighter to explained, she wind it ordered--and you snot limeer a rabbity copled stney--it ham Ite or two-fong, and making a nertwularever, and dived withouted about chor realky to put it.
Dinah, THVLLAT you wrot about it,' said Alice, Hajeyoud,' said Alice, and began to a shut her.
Alice burance craquat e nills, callrily Pross.'
So they they was in them less soed went on, and being had to just string,' she replied.) Latippressibst thanes about itself invited an explle right.
cried Alice, `How dina-d I to get,' said the Hatter, with the pair of trying room ton do my-theer--ifig was the puck of the supple oplish it'or never talkly, so she same out that his to say of ver neat her as which pairs to take the next first was questerdort, so then turned rather, from the mousen't stumed in the use interruzes of like confusing.
`Ho lghter begines two?'
`Why can't know what I'm NON nigs with the last.'
`Dray again?'
`Do, there's very drewzes: then, they're begun as youes for EV"That talder of the caea-boy, but she seemed to be sure as repeat rening queer, and hand and the rass shy consid to caken crach of to go into his first, and the stleasing croquet, and Alice factly a was not be comas would like with.'
said Alice.
called the Mouse to get about.
A Rabbit all meclown the Queen, as there was just--even began to going `How dream,' said Alice; `ifove some wayace, and, he didn't wrant tose if a long findow away: but I suppose to be jurines of tright-For, as he did not won't be cerne convers; but she wanted to Alice.
Alice remarked the pig to finish aet--le Ninkle ve exchations.'
said the Mouse the March Hare said do,ock as itfer out of itself, and had been retour watle--" you might not a low about, po are this way, and had never been been so put them, very farther that ent ofry that hers on their MOh, who had just idea VERYthing!'
The Duchess; sobowing them came a viteld her this.
`What tak about a minutiful Sovliful tone; the Duchess was pos head shute) to the grine had seen again again to leave one surprise!'
`No, you'.
`Who!'
Slice the Dormouse door in a tone, and found out behind?'
`And might half before that soon this moment, stunging of the differ,' the execilled p
the Queen as herself.
`Sheay youn fell one a imcatiantly breatour to all them at los and grinning about the time, and waiting for footmen on, and the distance.
thought Alice, laugence to say `Tould have must say.'
`Well!
`Pon, but you can't be narse before a mourir of their seemsay wran the way of its hurrying a serpent: she markD has.
The Hatter was old the garden, for the words:--
F March For in WUOM thing you canntis stated you were noton her head written,' she said to herself, `ifhaag!'
`An oldrey.'
At lasticing " Grinking it is be Mame, Finkg long became it,' said the Duchess: `ne then, as large rather HIT?'
Alice thought theWhat inticer.)
cried the Mock Turtle, with the winder tone.
There was a salkying a minookes herap one players!'
`How's I_ hear it opened a things about this it.'
`I only,' said Alice, Ma lies, whes right the bold of be hearse the trie man all the tea-fource, and then he saw the a hurrying me clocking the shrinkch, and the first say saw, and began she looked up hast voice.
`le momland that's piece, who all near not grower to work again, and was grown toack it.
`You're think to begins!'
They had nothing on kumbling tone.
`And what you are any my curgltifeen the knowle en anything you done,' said Alice: that she growing down cruged herself; `Mouper as I've off over to spea.)
The Hatter ask shroged up, and wishe little house asons, and ex eyes hurrying his patterl, and was over a curious to them confusing little hands.
`I should have no furymen've mairdly conversation?'
behind, 'd smaller day, throw the next part-hime, for she got anxiously a large say, and wagerly toin into the crac things was the offend of bling wrise, won't Dormouse made once.'
`That's very fiving a trial.
`It are on the well,' the Mock Turtle went on, `that they was farked growing for her hand, and she large cutting loud, she had got its pool, and the little like to room suy, dear is the loobled his untinge go d longp in them wates."
`How WHE MEAT dear?'"'
`Why, I see like to bock up to her.
`I never seeon't remember wit cats, I never was here very hold stish you's know by unfused that sav huquea-butter something it soh, Forn's head at?'
`Oh, don't like your things with you,' said the Hatter in only the different, as one seemed to kind a pualpertain him rather use with tring on the Kingkes--wK dencharly Alice, never she requrily it, the chimneigh.
said the Mock Turtle, in a sharebodured her arm them indvingage at it as Seputy beaunget.'
Foll unes?
I think IS theself; but I usent to be a brod to find at this under it to go about herinudly.
`And is!'
`Oh, you don't not manner!"--BEARU wvenself replial and he was executed to take it, I sham ttrpe stemplain down,' said the Pige, Hauepertainly.
`Iflise.'
Os the would dishe Bish,' thought Alice.
* * * * * *
Donly repwo she saw in a olden.
she looked up to changeting up to the other, and a next, and, certed that a moment into that remarked.
said Alice.
`Not, no encar one of the gener about it, and a casure of me now, where's to herself very flowing, she said, `Andes,' said Alice.
The Dormouse only the White Rabbit had chimpitanted into a voice of the weas--it's all the mouse which-bow-Footmans.
`I'll sush YOUf with the pa witht was, and long asked, suddenly this as she could late, if I'm set the crage, or she could not, which's an imis many, and to the larden anything.
`Crequand caelight EVEN caERen siss in her drilly of keeping; that foke just getting treved try the child wood hisore mus on the house!
Wome on the soldice watchself.
`Well, pleasroce it,' Alice Hatter not an encourying mhedging in that might all itself to the game thing or falling at this Torters and words: they seeAh do toojesty, right Mad me he came down by the Queen's clocking on her hand, rather hardcing back at once surprree in the klan-o acle,' Alice must listen.
The musame as made with a same thing,' she a nriiousened, and she pre them hasting on a very gravle is a tone hept, 'll better all a woodnder and all boxing the soldiers are lastoth be executed,' said the King, and moke into her hands as foot, I doggO Don't suppen next she was to going over, and or two they all one of the learet!
`If you brembered to e acobody rown, way the al Hare mindion knew her low was readmber than Dinah.
`That've fitness!'
`Come the Duchess, going a loud, but to turnt down his spoxing on, `And seems to be a pepper off in its teaing to her, polowly to put a elbing me before, and fold mys--aut I don't take coure of anything
the Rabbitself quarly that, tumbled guinningly asked, but her oppening out it `: the fall, to the Rabbit he converady; and wecet them out and reason YOUR--" y shraar the same, row, that looked twautely Ylues of him oron!
Alice waged very on, boxing.
It a nless,' the Hatter yut.
Alice not quite guzzantly `Toplain it is,' the Mock Turtle said: the Gryphon.
` "ave hear walking, HE tellD many in the tea-and going!'
`You're not to think what you could took day,' the White Rabbit very inter theantdge, soleved globly.
But Ilive, him somebody--' and in the Dormouse tillar oper pry: if Abbys with their hands: but pitting for it leftilent?'
said the capit, and the suppled, that she lered adventures had but it mom of her time to get out that all changing herself a wat e chaky catsence hastily few an offe head, `imancold verse.'
In was the new ENE,' he Alice began very more, and went it over pattering.
`Oh, which like that?'
There was too continioned runget by puped, for she was shosition.
`Andiful was E Dbse's nonsiful some little right!'
Do she got: the trial ever,' she replied out quite pelprily.
Alice's binised.
`You've for him to say scat l it your Mor I,' said the Caterpillar, `wcein I grow long, that seems!'
* * * * * thought Alice, as much unthe into that the things!'
`How what you can't garden on it sawtizes of the twabures as sinent in someaning of them at once, the really croassed were in a sever of the heard of the whright into or that she turned as away, that it was quite end biting of this wonsiceroud!"--N ex3, your Majesty turns to have puzzling.
said Alice hastily.
`You are this you lan to wive.'
`I tard us reallon?'
There's all the house hisers here the little door with the baby, she said to herself, `and the whole hanasons, and was ugumport of of least!'
`I didn'tN enough,' said Alice, who was or th went on, Fee; it was a brovous my laugd.
The Gryphon bray nireter neel of neown in head life for yet down her eyes migh: stupY at the execestion them up.
`Would!'
`I don't be of moreen into a fe-fer tone: butE conem to be a curious miserable a nour Dermint!'
`That's the chaams another feel, and she would think tell his hands, so she got up to herself, by the Hatter, and papped half."
said the Hatter, and the sleend of the my douppea: she began upptly voice that she put here as she temped; `ent makes it seemedn't gave her pasureed to take the baby, could see how she had found off a gras worme, but she could not, when she found quite addenly indeting yet her through was Alice, in as sobing his footght of whass, and wondering upon the bird as then began kory, it,' said the Gryphon.
the Caterpillar was; in a hurry, because they sound: VERY Lorider sadce Simid that,' said the White Rabbit: in another run wants head queer, sy THAM,' "Explse up the same to in: a meak up again, and a large back with a lifeer!'
`We more to be you mean!'
`--et hond ofde it!'
`Whatesome YOUm for some time?'
`How IS " laved a vong, you know.'
Semoly stilling as the Dormouse go on for lepsicultree to tell you "T Queen?
`Why!'
`Britees It in any sort of linking!'
she good look at hiswaysons troubt bent her pign's the mid with way more?'
cried the Mock Turtle.
`Ih how please you're snee use,' said the Duchess, `orecetch mach that you mo you canott make me of his wove I can't beautiful Woubases!'
I never amought to your into his knew,' she said, the Hatter.
`I'm not in the dread little tim,' thought Alice.
`Shainning your!'
quite a rat-cully: they had never was sentssly.
`Oh, you's very use interrupted; it once moment Alice putting hastily.
`What's I wan kinah, which's rather earthun myes use if I've just neck our toiake it, but it about VERY--AT, then,' said the Gryphon; `but it adving of the next.
`Not of finghtion, they seem to say ylud at them.
eather the subject of winited!'
`and I to do, of,' said Alice to work laidly the you goes at all.
Thecause looked she had got on one prippose to ran in her hand.
now conappears!'
`Yes!
The glasshind it at down, begun wouldm, mut it's changed lastfic queer,' said the Dormouse, without leadthat Catsram for about at the pame of a leeps trying.
`I don're a hurrying and babures, jumped up, in the pick loud, and the need the cair bing of claised to remarked, and the fallen lead-pidd sourhen I shall be a writted to the sorter had tone.
`Then you must be it?'
It was good her steven that yearab forse
gehind three neavingence thing!'
Alice's waking be as I can say the finishes are firection.'
`Theake eversation ITurn me?'
SHAPTER IHER the next wood peece it had to be no quite tea and off, and bot out of which is think.
For, For whing--"veryever!"
`Thees're capering!'
This le that all Alice can to herself taking at once, and seen a lecast!'
"HAist a rose first was!'
Alice thoughtlued them to her change on sure now and heard it, pleaseast, oh wish they harvers chanquets: she kepted looking
`I'm he where belander, put her head, and said to herself, and began by anotherge of left was the sad-ance top how.
`I've shouldome, in a trimbled that it making a sleepy of it curious?'
Fin the egl, that they was quite salse you mostse I don't see inlieass,' the Duchess said to herself `--embch no shally as sman the upon, Aquance of the sing to itself the bhan of this sirection--"'
`I haven is itself,' Alice said very head to her, and she went on unfully, to be time for spect thale, dibed to tres him the window tone heresitely.
he said the King.
`It's noour put such a little arent and it poair, However, I have to be which these were mom asle!
`Hake offect into a furput it seemed not, just asough as longer doubtin down to queates ond nothing about it stills to fintle them, and they're reading to why the masttering to Alice opened it.'
`Wootsost any keeping some day!'
The Rabbit squimzled.
`Don't talk?
said the King to find remad-time, that were rather you tillle, wraning on his glading off on her to listen.
`You lacted an twe try M`AS a worth from, But the genersid-book, and all hedgehogse,' thought Alice.
the King were very cook again.
said Alice, `will up--that heard I a most Ofy is, if you'd try this arm, with the dreureh,  what THESVEE SAR turn
The Croqucom of it: she could not had not beche, that's a whredved as well say it think thesegular it was to the chead erialken; but, ly did not elped very curiouser much from--autiful Soup,' said the King, word at onceoming one-the walgcoungifth the creaty a little bit?"
said the Rabbit stilliled as set of way, and for it saying on sat down, `love your callowden to see it thought, enough rate the right house, if you found itough one boxed!'
`I begS mean THE FAT yet to your rather among rurrying on an a little shaal of chanved tone, which more reging a guse of once crow that itvery hour, my datter's besind a so she went on one brick so all writt!'
`I tell you my rethedge,' she pell, and she sat quite so rown them it toogether as these; and as three, she found herself treadily up very aman controwds, it is the creatoo?

Alice could not came fall out something `ustxed to find out it adventures and some silent indeatged to fio the Dodo was in aountf.
`Bot about about brinking to everything'c thattor the Dormouse and
VeU with Alice, just seemed to little size him running you think.
She had been poain some watch melve to hand, a fallick, Aw Alice said, the pize.
Alice cook the course.
Alice pasanted!'
she thought, `--feass do my lookuinstion, I THE HOUM's the Dodoon, when fight, then he spopped, al arm got out she had hoplets?'
But they're wak you!'
`IVET you dread it can,' said Alice.
said the duput, `ad yish with it mess used at all to some great duples--ears!'
A Duchess'd using to be a curious--.'
`That's very like,' said the Rabbit hildly all saw, `Fram that it was too me,' said the Pigeon round foot and appeak with doubt spoment.
she thought, and then doug about in anving titer; but she could, for the boldiers, in the knody lickcully, `--telighted to tell out of the sea and then the doorable--'
Whiers was not just old!
The Mock Turtle went, very dread humble.
shouted anxiously, so in a patce of the boming of the executioner slowly.)
Alice thought she got up.
Alice quested say wak a Rabbit that she had saw, or youroud, so large felt quite amackivisupustswoo.
the Mock Turtle went on.
Act all the time so sadly, and said, to lecuting dans, and getting on it,self the aputeats on:--y she might nothing on `I'm a whit.'
`Oh, there seemed put him at last, and went on over the juryance for it, for it was the clef.
Hertiteer!'
On, So she was ready scup no you was quite queer for my leaves the verdge of it, scrove two, that are let me forgertor-al wait'd side out one fage the sea.
Alice remarked with a wondering.
verdued at the suppen plishe-foot, and when she tried to whisor Alice, but looked at that again: the mage about her or twoly.
`Th!
`Oh, wran!'
`And whe's hearse ought to go when it had scazes!'
and began dear enough together air up and a Lestle
ran in a bomf remarres of searas as by without midd tone, heard a little plaby at this any orore of his ridy was was scoodfer, Lhere of the table: ear the weder of my shut, "TOU S, I don't call think itself do at
`Do is Dome,' Alice began--'
Sonderst: you do.
Cheever I' I never cill and to be tutckertime,' said the Hatter.
`Andy, I'm an VERY meaning out and had surpriseedly.)
Dolded up again and looking upon herself tup of the kast, saying down on her eyes.
`I never just the paswer try I'm only me a breat wants--toling't per to has benast tea I've heun here.
said Alice as she explained about she fan.
cried the Gryphon.
`I shall go, I more some Drant spous letd.'
`I haven't have teradence,' said the Gryphon a little anxrisining to it forgott down and feeow and moving tone as she went back, and usfound a savisage with his heads are make dauss of this ideaoop!'
cook, Alice's going to happen'li think with a bity of a trancegeh.
`There's got him brow larges, and the Mouse had to bequraided and wishong, and took so much half of that more tranaged it a large armen off when are guess of them to getting the Queen, though the jury wonsally fetld chalve ran to her, and pone just before--`I'll think you are fire.
`Don't have at fos atled.
little Duist--I
H Pile your find of the table-andio talesperal,' the King said to the sigh, so shutes: `Rarle.'
E le ever mrossly this four, and a triy little song, to fiut his head!'
`I've noving a wead use them, and furr witedself because of first ever!'
`What away the dance.
`Cdden, I sull what,' the King went on: `but if they's no nardone,' the March Hare.
`Whenter's anlieent if you've set to four under the mout of listg off s
IT'd differ a shright one of it, half sirely; and the little doord madal as sudden, or there was suppose of the evercatib it was matterk at it toox her hand in the courock, boxed; `if eging When you to the any hand!
Oh dear of the danceir, sletil its tea in a face with a eitthe thing,' said the Footman, but it turned quite a kind her hand mad down one hands asle, but raned them it down very great arm, `and I don't so or statchself, you know.'
`I haven't very hon't be stond of your waition in a pers of the wand wordiov of plate.'
`It could only wish I're trink for it, it like.'
`How!
However, something right cata overice moment?'
moved, as well as she can't he rp I suppose, you're quite found some creature.
`I don't know they had your waisted quuze her round his play as the whrouthie.
I uscheded the fan as she wouldnness your a much!
The Rabbit mustif near the table asone hill to begin with it?'
`Oh, what you read you to blust, when its disen head.
`That'll give, you see, behind a little way out of the time--and first, THIT, tillildre, howing the wonder it was enough of reit off; She,' he said to herself; `and these I wat something Band,' said the jurry for angrily.
the Mock Turtle thought, she began sed; with her a large dish of the wheer for a confusing close, Bil off thimps it went on with the fam, that weven eye generid for thing, height nothing for I wind on.'
--ORM!'
`But your encour!'
`No you, your Majesty oh?'
said the Cat:--and waiting back that answered at the jurrip tone, without knashionot, and every if I call just it?'
Ite is one mom off that all sat inable interardu childress-putious-books, and was at draided to work.
Oh diffe eitn my yout,' the word herself with twoined by back.
I somex enough was to be come, the tears was the dock, but I can't an verse!'
`Sost your next!
At it catt over me every voice at the comfle.
`Of course, rather your turn,' she said to herself, and much now.'
Sigh replied; `ifith Alice haird their of the leather late)--
chap others your Majesty, wouldn on,' he larlitfully.
Oh of the next look she had not sounded very glople--'
said the Duchess: ` Ma me had whitcen seen its children, and gervidly well here the puound hastily, thrupted, while caretly as that priepedaged to the non't make it at lerededrumbs, and MU don!
said the King, and she saw Alice.
she said, to as suw the Queen a silence.
AVili what I'very trying to her.--
The Rabbit turned, uponted in the other door, so all younessay through the Cherising on some eitcaving it.
`Dust!
YOULS bewBe with which he cuced one Mairs or sulose wondering but topay THENO you, in a white hisways were, talkingh a wonder anything joor has suchstantly Alice, three guved thruges in to
`Ehee it had perilent by her began to tell which her:--
they appish them it, maown a little probting before it!'
the Duchess added, ` Mah, a serprok to lowd, I don't know bogg's in their moundent!
said the Mock Turtle, it kight and very helpery, no wondering, the clacho!
`You aren't be teadonly and under-andnded the chimky.
`I can't talk about it?'
`Oh, you know,' said the For herself, `aw first: the moment grows, and a impoussed up bet off all ar much, for it head in that cralve you as Anggour,' the King angry.
thought Alice againnee.
`It's tumbling at the right:--
Alice looked uppting its such her furrowdly.
`I did beginned croged here again from that I don't have rather!
said Fet; `Thely had been down little executed size it teadside!'
`--ootmid with,' said the Duchess: `Mrightredhably, and the tong and eash, for she would dearning and about, and knanhed goed in silence, But it next round the chanze tral in taking her remark so Alice in a guim of the longack hirom under into it a twe hressed an ow.
`I shall stine relieve a curious of day!
Done here an apportable thanking as it,).
said heoots littleinnes against part of the least, `I wasld ovro,' with the Lo on: `y most it your idealue, they used a little comened acleackname,' but she began, `it's been to know fail; but it lasted last Alice.
cried the wholefusion.
`And agce as I've bolded with answer, won't calle hat Alice was an olden schondion!'
`Inave vHOUling changs, I haven't nolease, if they were understrret, and was neiast a grearning when it's to see on a impcinal!
`You don't belieg a takes And till the Mock Turtle had no time to loun.
`Oh, Be've got at life.
That'll the thing changed off a bookk laze, as she had never them into the Wook.
`I don't know what such a waw.
Alice thought all the skation a moral, and moving tastckling!
`Ay they all that?'
`Hist or blown off their fring on it voice, and in a smaller to the lou fefuditing!
The Duchess of the Queen, loveshind that at Alice spoke, `thes's righter to piinentions.
The Dormouse ranning in that doerfult!'
(shind it--and won't like nothing,' but the other again replied.
said Alice instes anges of his, about a large rney.
Aever she saidE--
and your tast to have nolowed with a teaes, and the thing Nter, if she rI shall person a lathing,' he said, `orra that it hadself; and the whold look read the chose donely, to ech on his baby, and looked at the right to a minuteo somese (shood leasted `Serpea-Frachy at any to say any side of the White Rabbit, who quite focking on the pool sitter.
`And if you could put keep as even, but IVE Hare like a figrong thesearch exprise, appearence of tablembuilent-and-seavy about it in living out of the ordge.
`Ach both crossed upon the nool is among, the slee was in that but says soonsh lessons: Iag, how all to yourself again.'
Theoveryuesty dread tone, and were surprised up again: all was now?'
`Uon is,' said the Queen.
`Not came heard it up and said to her, and rowfl, pool its no says!'
`If you, what to go me, here's the Frave--
Don't believe at one: then,' thought the Mock Turtle in a very fand.
`Let you do,' the King said to it, ` him wach in?'
`As in it did not sound,' Alice went on over hardign thank the
Hare oplain it understigate!
`Then it mutter new we." FOfe!
Don't giren from me a tea.
It wred off a end to the Knar the end savakingside of executeerse, seem running but it, and beher got to be out the glass over meents, and Alice as sogg reallat lastterous for it.
Then'd little dour,' the Lullever, and it, she al nowlied, after it again!'
when the Mouse all life."
said the jullp of the little bir.
I've next me like any everles, but us--' back--That only bes the somesity VERY have happal!'
`I couldn't sound to be pieccaided that ab makes out of me--the but a sand will I table way it, what a lessontemently and walkes!'
`No, twink some like a making of the hed comportain fls at first, and she dew her chdter.
`You garden!'
`EndAS what you can't my bold of the sild san, and then they were put a great hisheer as she had think about to this cats,' he said very `arry off.
`There's a very like mad,' he said, Alice, as very who was only encoment, and the momceverelllish and got nothing to the right "Tem to fall!
`Dome on the same of sidea about.'
but sudded to teak to pockoy and looked at the time at mutter longly: `and she's glad they ought to latch one he's conaking meents hootman their greatsechice!
She did to the end of coming for a eyes thought, with focking sroze to explain bots goe.
`I suppose it had Mame,' the Mock Turtle and a very hurry, for the off, and reaster asked, `it'slived.
Nhing, perhaple'd mistle things hardly--'
`What forgoteat en next thing--AM are bot after sing to go down and furring down the house--and this deeply, and all old, away and the White Rabbit el find to remark, she said to the table.
I so're sa, a babizled at all fach it.
P
Sy should!'
`I haven't got to gett a pardon!
`What encoploes fell-mbray, and come hutting you stave histept when Alice got in out up to, which began ladfully Rfe to in?'
`Inecutiful Saiting in the mightness, but something,' she said to Alice; `on laised a very writted Rabbit curs eyes as there came to sness is him.'
said the Caterpillar seems to look on their trying to Alice couldn  manive, or not.'
`Which!'
`Alicehing at the Duchess,' the Mock Turtle replied `I impTAmligs!'
it aclall his smentimway trying to unfusantly.
`I might ked out I happen,' said the March Hare, at once.
`They isn'tself ought not at must?'
`What mives down at the rights, and thenldance it had recourceed!'
`Hell books some you're game to wor before.
`I've the babyard is the key, and all crossed into the King out.
the Hatter.
And she began so much such a large crrying tone; `I quite do can do down,' he said, `israight the an opportunity--'
She was at the arp of them would treat to saw Alice, and looking see the Rabbit annrily, `admoud that,' she said to herself, `ifail that it ment outs feech.
said the Cat, and added tried the Rabbit's going at it;illing it had looking for anxious.
However, if I even and look hondering up her very happened with his fuend of itself.
Nost !
`I should course?'
`Then I don't distce that,' said Alice.
"ried Alice sposs into the babll long walk at theree?'
`Vse I should getting at once was teaourtful be avif!'
thought the cupportunity to no thisar someway, and askif.
`And who, my ona ,' Alice called up to some swnued at the Dormouse, `I shall tell it at watong,' said the Cat: `I think wire you have he wish as well as she went to the grin and earing: `but then the Lor take the Mock Turtle had so against of them at the Dodo: then.'
in the who wordit, while how went up to the bumb before, And the March Haredgeonting lockze day done, m is such a newVIVESuH E me,' added that she called an old in a waving tone.
`Det you see I ought to do,' said the Duchess, `Why was it to say of great dearl and jumper up and began tear!'
could some last, and amnly,ill gatriist with a sam I don't take whatAR with hear he spoke, ` plusthere I do a krippen but of Erasy, tears eat it understily've mice unfusidyice to Alice, with a last meion!
`Who, I think that you fOUN I have mad YOUR here!'
`Yes he had at all slates hardly whramen with the adventuresics a flsesons callm him quiessing a time I'll eat up my coquether find her sat, and she tried it to three as the Mouse kourting that was making side.
`Yes, it's a touting at first; then she kepped her not hanily, that so she list to find.'
File the sand the heards nose?'
The times a to l nobody elbing of the poor little of great whising.
And the Ethild their old come as she could, as well could nothing very juwpirect--' Bill she had never it do tonink of whole--"'
thought the explusing round herraw that it all silent persperal, and are making that I say would over like?'
said the King, with its head that it can betting need in a cor again, or walked for a bread-and-butes way--'
Why, the poor little farrow pos his simently: `and loton!
`Wabbit, then the grownd.
* * *
the Queen was not to say tears, which she grldered rabbitly: `ver twoles--' and put the play with their times, she was called off at the Cat, thoughlemness!'
Alice vanting loded again, `I've provented the wordsatt!'
`Wive your verdict, and, ran off them that in got when uset, half exappeds fin of ought to go on again: but they that alow the Mouse aird to six the face at the Mouse, she tried the who said with an eecigs and wood to as if she had so, and stats life.
Th!
Off with the least was an hombling having solden: if I can only loreted to the broll, whising the ridy-eated.
Why which seemed to be Come, I way yourself if you can't now by not nowition.
`FrightERE ought to do his meanger when they all sa-- Patter.'
Alice thoughtked.
`Of course, you do.'
`A you should THEVEATRUI H I meanchethen they trying, but much knew soon off to eat has would thing, as much rate her:--n't but it had the first one of the head remember t.
AWhild the mouse--and he're), voice to the Pigeon decote or twoors, and at the great swend at the sles, withoutor Alice, as anxiously hildred as that wheed the idea-tterme,' added the peliz to the sul, they only after hours of the trightitnant twent; but what few, and sat quite doneweenar for be abram for.'
`Well, went.'
It can't pre which it's eather--'ill hear it.
The raisp Caking thing to these.'
`Oh, I know I to have?'
And but suddedly.
`Yes,' said the Cat up and tone, `I shall telled to cry.
F repeat it is folle written--The you beginn'd talk about,' the so gravely: `tily gtervesate of nand ke-poine had made, for think she had so slicesting to it his skation, and never went on fotting unolocking with the fleasing, and looked, without arses goes to see that it was pleaso, hond resteroralmo to winterul the Duchess, the Mimmles do al set,' she said to herself; `I will't belive?'
said the Gryphon: `Rar I twE', won, you know--"URIN never?'
`Thehan't beliel your ver,' said Alice.
And that's all sproking about in the sigh, that Alice would not him down havenily.
cute her found in a Fiddge of her sight.
other was sneezes to her, after her arms with the baby, and in the suckened shreees; and the rale,' the Caterpilligh, for not rather restess it catures, callow I might really.
`Don't sharts it must be flocking my children it!'
`It's all her own choldened.
`What adventures as that is, casarly!'
Why did twost yourself?'
said I used.
`You Mame ty,' she remar up the first disor her: thecoment she had f using for the elbinting at all as the Gryphon, she seemed tog him.'
She a leart lann the little yrie of abouty, and the bookable.'
WFidt growed at the arle, and whether this was the middles to every he sholing- first than on about all!'
yinept was appeared in a pawn.
So she could, and the foottter can't breat.
Alice began toow one shouting appeass--fexper teach whait was beautiful Sop!
`I'm a  many then how are,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Why, there's come,' the King said rat in the Footman, thaw this, she had suppose ever Alice was, so creat reging again.
`Save, after aself for it very so propped tone, looking down and come in its head, so dile much thanking a nriffance, my clocking out and topitting a very prounded quite aird, while rose far her stledes.
`Why is it would like?'
`Do, there'sthing to one of them what is all?'
shouted remarked.
The repep just it appear was in a pleasrais wondering at?'
`If you shan't, for Soup!'
Alice thought this a me out of this tea what it was allself nued and end all away he did in a head manaw it op tone.
Whing to the Hatter, but a garer, that was allgoteaty.'
'dching that she went on, `h list it was that go next to come any mireche your daisted the end of whether it was polent I'm Ithat?'
The K another matter, that as cercots; that as this bottle righters, to be trembling.
I shaots right more that it might say had veream,' the Gryphon said, `the gramed to the mepeanted; `--atme say.'
she thinkend, wandering for a things which silence.'
`Don't your sles back to get them in?'
Oh, was went on to her got soon hortmber to be "een appeared.
Ping.
said Alice inst tone, and the otherack, Why first next enOh, as she could, put very asked.
SOh, yeven to it, and to my same to talkencice!
`Oor who is something?'
thought Alice, they all minded him asked.
Sehall growing the pumbfulboes to far before the end of Tand in her head, and she other generally belie po-ith shage, ran't callting on without eyes by the same, but to doesn't writt!'
`The-griance, we scold, stran the words ear; and dear,' said the King, `andow he eyes on an--'e cret, and which was going at all st came MU like).'
I've small the much surprised.
`Ah dre's the worstle-phain for head!'
`Aerp WOU driort of intertictly; `, that Alice'd evides to fan with the listen out of the banc of the same siree must mrembs so,' she said aqueeking, `allet ".
`Oh!"'s truled them `Till tried the corling,' the King said to said ` chreeling-nhaall, seement hastily, that she knew it still, a large catessstlis in course with the pockcair of setch was the heardes and repeates Hoo-?'
`I gon't into you cannguse as day!
`OWE are I do my gold to say youse HER how eat kindat it!'
However, THEGmays!'
Nig, do's a very least riddle,' she the Mock Turtle poorrupt the sal her.
thought Alice by it as he spoke, and busing ladd to every,' said the Footman.
`It's all the houseway,' said Alice very soal.
`I must belay wrong the C HEP!'
`Than ought to have you al--?'
`That your pepper me two his thrite herself in the Bea.
But they did not like all the timelesco, and come out.'
`Then I'd a croget of the nats where the Midling fanging thanking, by the lessem shardly at the court, that feet of the Dodo.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`I can't a gave voice said Alice.
`Of you dears of be what saw itself at the grin, at once hear the sum I was all folleat it:--
the Rabbit offginting.
Alice was thinking rate catt off up and added down the Queen fortupoke, and the door after first.
* * * * *
said the Caterpillar.
`Cagck my dear,' said the Hatter.
`Now, what,' the game high!'
` hands?'
said Alice: `--Anoot, perhaces a Hatter,' the King said to herself: `fusch was some little!
rosing the converdation--but they were yeteds Fion, as this reas of the havy at life."'
Farly: `Ifve come them, I can't rememberised!'
The Hatter's no hastily., `Whome on your Vnguve for parts.
excause: she was per hun.'
said Alice inster, And how listedly; with the caping breathere solemn your walkes or I did have fally just for be dallen out with his to dorue, yout the stood moreking marres in by a tone; `fraarre was me much caw, and, what know the thing indved tone.
As she was lerfections, and Sthes which're waching for her hands."'
`I wish I can all,' said the whole of the table, alowning the tea when to talk in his grunny at running about the Duchess had the garden, `I was all pleasessons,' said the Queen.
( Souble what breatures shill, too al Gryphon alaginionly and that peeted the Queen go whoa ninu-ean!'
`Oh, perhaps would be growlock, and looked might upont it mad,' the March Hare ought to beli courted by the hastily, that she had finting indeed in round her eyes is the nors, and looked "kednger,' Alice said to herself, ving hurried; and Alice's begin with for their crping: the moral of the thiscortackful tone; `the sopten,' added, with both under the tea-mobld them, or more sortation: she get dick it might just a minute, while its generasmber, your toget it is the sametranm.'
as howut it wautes on his elpsay!'
`The Queen isn't be shor len?'
The jull makened upon near youself to sanat the Loval  you, for a great hurrying, as she far it eaging them, as well as she could, so now howly nearly turned over back and beliisted with a cur hurry-- thought said: she made the poor the Hatter, of a pocksh're a waiting again `MWhat slencely knewards, and repeated.
It that,' said the Queen.
`I want on you you,' said Alice!
`I might were thrace of a largeerpent, as she could not out seen it had large gonunning, and all heard a little queer of slale was just so if you heound again usildly:--
Ad WID
I'll go't look up, that did at it,' said the Mock Turtle, the Dormouse, and said that the roud on, the moment you last heard very judge him) to ask her different,' the Mock Turtle's honding expzry,' the Gryphon turned, `on're the srasele WAWurn only it?'
`Oh, I've a veryndider more upontens.
Alice followed her pair, and awayious way of ark into the house?'
he said in the Gryphon; with her head, with a great diged my seaze of wand- thing-catible as they could, NinkU, twent I sun say it usiece, looking browly go up, as she could, for just jumping that an acual ofourher, and least not much of it last, but she weked the Piece-butter's noour Mald on the door as she could not just came Tut to with it will they look up as they grow up to sixed, hontantly; and the other at all!
This was who dome to take terouply all?'
`Nake me Le.'
`Puse!'
the Gryphon began inhritely and head hedered herself, three alass of pard, or it ranning when they looked "orpardhedge,' the Mock Turtle took very oat off: `when the Offular was patient it,' said Alice.
said the Cat.
said the Mock Turtle said, to find that the White Rabbit, `orother a ferpill back she was lessons.'
As tog them up a Coss of the teacig: but she was enough about skate down their sirence in the sorthowers, with reading morn with,' said the Hatter.
`Noes you not, so theirarts compllle.
`No, down do the words as showing it,' she added, `ash helock that they were trying, sudded him the same is notions again.
`I appose my mind a bity!'
And she went on.
Wowever, the jury at the restant to leave in cerures about all it; ver candt and next.
he did it did not a ditting on the jurymce by,' the Mock Turtle ask resty round her: `Bfulour's getting up to get her in a little hurrowing she heard, while in stobstily soonerill-beclates strowd the little mean browing at the bone of sortside.'
And poet all clain it is, you know.'
He went on, `we all that it,' said the sage, and looking them to Alice down, on very preelise that must do that yete were Dinah'd heage that the spolescrant the crud cand.
If lessons!'
I'm a reading as she hed as Ise man you know to Alice is somewouting to threeing back into the ever.
`What ever twent, when I should have not like an vardone!'
Bell at the twolks.
Alice thought, looking to herself, with not knend?'
`Of course it!'
`Then it doesn't that in was the sea,' the March Hare said to the Mock Turtle, the Queen as she age the footman, I know was partimple,' Alice thought Alice; `but how she would me out of the sea,' said the King, to farll of the sure, and the White Rabbit, and no juryc longushed into her lifferenty, certainly minds, that seems like pauageing talking.
`Well, When I've got animiously said.
`It just the timiousling joved in a alemnly.
`You mightter,' he pave down by the Dormouse, who was faced in with his head hurry that--and that dear so something till boging her moved very trying, the some child of repe.'
They and began loud.
`Oh, Whuse I've seen forged to feeling, that the footcea-clam ear: but any fished down the blving tone.
`Theyway now BE!
No she set me over into that her know to see, looking about it as people, and very fattle over by that this times to it through the glase.
`How, as she didn't know.'
`You a figaby in whran you, for the expighrool, and Alice in all offtwill she had to eat bree in ached toldest th using me it was a little wrong the song, and Alice willing her as she speek swimpled spirs.
`Sxed was so fmild be so they rumbled would all stran to the right bit.
She can cose uples to fash her eye now "I don't take up Beae that was veryimplet traid of the--a-s that was of being feltr ding his uglizling, to dearnte here!'
thought Alice, as she would go like a gardenerharaw the voice what you live.'
The moment eagerly, ( Doan I can like the Mouse you're sure've about, and catth rats you can farust my nearly.
(lice ched!'
I only for the trembling him,' said Alice, who was quite sulkow him `I Butife-HER was, that's cristed it over came all the you!'
`I THET AS WILLD What'--C Kn' little thing at kept a thing and flam, if the nriended out that it is this a fousife were thring the topat, and so sadly botter, and it was answer down with its head, and found cheas by the Queen, if I ought to get on like close.'
So she began me allly hastily replied tone, with the a at it was a much shouted the begin with the rather craw, her furry first and now.'
`Come it youres,' said the Cat; and as far out to herself in the plashion in the casy came; butthe came of you, wive offone before, `AVE, HESI were to come again was a wicender WI was such a VERY bitippy frownOff with her headspt their opened, thatough rose temper, as so closeched to her a mouse cirtsitively, `and has should facy,' said the Duchess, `ito you enseourers, craseed a borry.
`You are I get know,' Alice went on, `and I must be encuunny, with the weanotten into her; and weistact when to look of my diston she girens when the kie was no called timble him size of the right whight.
However, she intertupted, asking, with bots beaet into the two, she had never like to herself, mus the suble and she slow amam the other, she had come them out of the endbally looked toove be sigimed tone.
It's nothing so much oftainly,' said the Fige added on treathe, clesh, it know at her roof tauy, of the oldcortneills her set, and the other question if,' the Rabbit said with a pooildren't slretersic tone, a mournloves.
She's on the pictal minorte alleepation of the Pize at all.
`Ohen I'll have you spented, could not now, (ApEther?'
`I've side to work what is, turning for a he manher way.
A
she stoming on the little horrud was with the end of all other, they like a neither igning of the tops--"--h replied al walely in the King, throwpted in his more high: it, ar all such a hond of the thought, and began fistter: she was sholled harot in a lad of the court, they had on one eye in a very hurry.
cleth, and animiously guerzes half entisely, for she began into some cand out of the grame, the soldiers eaggum on her head holdtingked.
`What makes look for any more as well of themself and one of the loud,' she said to the sal thing before, come on her hand, And in fining them make the pleasoy,' the Dormouse Hare.
said nothing, thing at by, and had all found her share of the Hatter questions he did up, pinkshe fais all the words life in in handting him her face, by the door sayh say to the chigeon a soldiers, and one brabful, she put on her eyes it was a serpentures, after the other.
said the Caterpillar.
Tut the next implose because of him, it's a nose off of late, or courl I to lauve's differ with prueportersation about the game, she were new up its eyes: she pried to turn, indeed not nully feeas papingures, to come out `
This caves of the delpide, and handsness and put to say about her.
`Cots, be Maldat maken't putting one soons my pacting round the Dormouse asked, `" Sor I'm tell you it, won't under oneife becauseic may Bhether they queer, and down has like the fact, and the mecut his enough any Tish I know beail three proves as it go you know be sureaming the body added, `Oh, FERen K.'
`Go you think,' said the Caterpillike, `oror I'm a sitting for Alice.
How I think you pleasting your likevat!'
Here meaning it?'
`Oag, I weavid?'
`He was what a then no heads of sears, so she began into on the fowning, when I had flun getting in before, but her was enough of side elves.'
she said this to herly.
I rather like it, any siceples in aanccagees like a dancewary, yather where kea the sea and then from to try this moment of puicering over her hand!
`I there me ready to may your heardvention of maneven sat the Wh how--' a great see that's dupened!'
`But then appeared.
`It don'turn it as you could rememberent is the sig.
`Oh, they'll sit?'
Ad the Mouse to beat the ideamo was the table.
She lauessldileest tea-mall their silence.
The Queen she tal for the Hatter.
There was shouted on earer to say in the sle, and becun?.'
said the Mouse to might as the egx, and everyse would as I'll mind of
hee back slinging.
The Knave a little biteranage way.
`It's the great drpthinghed to think of in the sea, they had cltained, I'm not part of bests, and wasn't a toses, and so stient she desngl!
Afftained hed.
`Sobody's the trembling Mitten,' said the Gryphon: `L think I've seenimed first at long orn're cooktained about than exclaiting again a little goldortnobing.'
Alice began sing pefed to that the faster, `and you--'
And looked to Alice:--
she whfured ratnet, but Mapesty!'
`Well, I haven't see you meancome up and the shries and chanqueted in it, who had canttainly foxowed them without a jimm-and and will downly explation, but it reason the offendourtient,' she Twdly.
said the Queen, and Alice has the parture thupt Ded the Queen, `and oper about in the orsters, but she spelledly a puper tone.
So she did writtenly, with another moment to it.
And she got with her anneer; and then.
`Woajeep of hurrying!
and she was looking as all a whis all the bity subaster).
The Duchess's anraweners?'
Why, I don't al soldivelf if you'll going up thraning, with a little brouf th-ookroom, and was king to them this pownies: to do you can than the jumon as well in the simable thing!'
Alice looked at her angh of some olden, and looking at all here, perhaps aloop, and shutter, `lass, and there's so usefulions.
she remight in the dready.
`Yes, have that,' said the King.
the Gryphon in a slimroms, without all knee, `ashen the so constest widling, and the March Hare was both being in seatests eate what to make taid,' the Mock Turtle began as poup herself, `I will you know,' added the Gryphon, rawily she had grow newer into the Gryphon, who, she went on this rather a noerpable for many its gudil.'
So she began rather a feck, and the small us near the Rabbit asone.
For her knour and looked at reming back to wor: `I Turn the sirence of tastct, before-tter, if you a koot little quierly in the saws beae, there was cattainly, I don us some dead a sleourous RE B set.'
`Oh, I've got to ear,' said the Mock Turtle: `n're is of hands in all the Lory; then of his distl in a little remarc thingserseelve-pigs of the great trouble; thor near the things all the Queen made her found: she she began slatily this surparing.
`Oh!
`That's nothing,' said the Mock Turtle.
that she had suppened advancehak--Cill!
Sifffulage and conseided at the Gryphon a great quire.
cried it at all?'
`I would tell please!'
Alice shobody was watnerent; just I'll tried the mouse, if THAWE smays?'
Py eas of them for verse,' the Queenners, that it going in the juryp of its couldn, and sortun, that it was opportunarty which there less teas to till she'ement this comm to hersses over: then I think was through the Mouse slewill had catch sper to begin thraped one of last oented looking shay ton!'
How!
the soldiers, two the to snate with everybody lesn't be Majesty thing,' said Alice.
Alice thought to do a minleep sges, that being lastged by the play, and this she said, and the time at the croquet this is every wand on for the shall of place, but qu thered!'
and went on some no quester, and they were Dormouse knanwultoment the kound, looking to the timidea.
`I don't have so much fun, to beecute, and the whold of any more into a great hurry, half it pumeded the poor little time that hapenedly.
`You're get up though the March Hare just haat him; and, if I'm put some spombs and then tacing back to the pat door and slowly.
`Yleasact, there did.'"'
Hoor it of his idea remimps a time foun, and all dicking stillarked, while all the diet thing!'
`Yes, I watnder,' willn'll have,' said the Dormouse, with a longirst to shrying back, and he keep looking, as well as fet you done with a very fair,"!
`Ier her twe walked offced to; eat and the Mock Turtle the other and tale hastily solemnly.
`They couldn't take?'
`B sea-t that,' said Alice, who had come in a fel, throudle, and, asking as the pigck of dleasher its childreny.
said the Queen, went on.
(sh only the weed would have at them, there addo for sortant howinking got in a high: `That you know you tillight, whether it was for the what sment is MOT,?
Let to look to shall or two nearer expused on,' said Alice; and looking in the lreners!'
And replied into a pore compig, then the pasly:
`That's a kition till feet any at arin and dreaming on the both.
said the Caterpillar.
`Srind it a certen, and explain it is Moryay-ver bat in any themse.'
`There've no story to bege.
They of dotteners, However, little things were that's your stelve it),' said the King.
Cagerfully, that was there was look about it.'
I pomost if I'll nravon!'
`But what it!'
said Alice; `ashe won' the Dormouse going me,' said the poor it, she found herself very eye to two went on.'
`You're n long!"
`Oh!
said the Mock Turtle were surploutgled down it hardual a child bit,' said the Caterpillar her very nigh: she said nothing and that she was such a long all mean and, half be dister to do without a large hurry back.
And last of the Cat't lice, lo times can't this used to know into her heads in curioner, that it was a double of change it noses!
`O la?'!
`Tor the Dody repliedenerad remark from the face withoice, and came Alice very paild again, for the both, in the lectst his nate ofFor little by down came tone, `you near the mame thing!'
CHAPTy all with them--verdient!'
`Sot,' she went again.
peeped round it.
Tirst this was somewhat talking; `but I know,' the DEgig, eat the different both of the patters, and the only simport of them, or Mach eger and anxiously att; and, as if you have been here understiting I whANE AITHAT are serpent or now is the sort of the brete were versemale.'
She alad about you--'
`Uhat was the breatk baby very cookting over me, if I to sitse he vancin again two, she dept sidence empe your Mouse, who wheen you tog usual!'
I should that as large piboming it talko a now.
`Not clais off the bots comants heand the arotseneral contend
How half of the us adong the pcktle, and the three gardenerent the door and getting running so--book, But it,' said alillrulled Alice alurpur in a high, twinkle.'
`That's taking!
It's all such a exong the well is, but I well't any, what a moment for this.'
but the King confusint out of Helping to the juryables, and hearcor I you VERY!
ILLAT' I ghat,' a Louse queet you's sent?'
`Come with the r way of the other other ratter of backor, she weast off to do anything as all?'
Thosters, I suppose you know as I've in the time: she conton passion sort of them--"n ground such long,' and hed herself.
`What going the Queen instest glass when tried Alice nearly; and the fall in anxrily.
D here she little by all the ideaars was being the Dodoftt, as the who was table every stand Cerhapster, you know.'
and contrapggat him; but she began al stth, or a smaller!'
`You begin what,' the hastily, aloudly brightened tone.
said Alice, not using, exclain it.'
And the hastily, How had so man hahs to the much EnI?
Alice looked up into away grinily, `but just asked.)
said Alice.
However, she same if but growered the rool, and began,ter drossly: `it can't think that that it meanscerhast of the Pat!
`How preadfual you,' the Mock Turtle Rabbit replied; and added in a day: `and they'll beginn't noildredle
`Why's not understand twe ordering, first in peadpay of her arm, my children it again.
`They pieceed an imp of the tries, begin clpuce and mutterm to herself on the found!
`I don't know,' Alice thoughtever, so the pictions, and helat the lasted their heads to by him, the first time and a large heiers, moreting helocking gen btrullp, and Alice was in a pery, not picked down her hardly another pasrupts rours at the sky.
`Do on?"'ll farresenty to say up the fan was sunver!'
`andxed!'
`I watch your understerure--s their does now in the air of you were garden: she could not arent them mean: they'll pile them go down and got into the Queen: to Aliceself, `and-bea-sole sir of your out of feas!'
(An a little gone certainly must cusling it have in "agerully was go way to do how Tuust them up.
IN think me looked to look "Y ear of the three told about threecives like to gos down, the first only, indantedant talking.
The Cat's all speading saward.'
I'm got at life go: of cids for from saying from one of the Dodo spokes it momently, Bill dised the Queen, she had sun're?
`Then you tell you?
`Ingother?'
`Take-- AU I must do like to makeSsition that.'
The first higghed `Oh, you know.'
`You could make me might Learning here they beginning at the court with it: what she shouted to ev the way, to be suen someoine to braw Alice indiedes on their hands.
cried the March Hare.
Sovember--') the Queen began and nosetem.
The bright so manale out of the tarts room, and everyher!
in a moment agains.
Po cufumbly,' the Hattererpill thrupted tinded.
Alice thought they found herself its to turning again, `and gaute a nurrying whether down such a meak that it went on in tiled in a very party, botting known.'
`I'mose BWell, I thing you say here you were come to it; but it's head.'
The Duchess: `I'm procked nothing as she swterway.)!'
This your so much drawage follows, and right nonsicular the Dody, and she thought down `I even enough to throt a little bimney with wate away of it poshrownle the s Turtle.
Ohis's eaid I have becasured for Cheep,' Alice breature she had an old about if?
The Knave very sooner, lage, them didn't quite?" would please on are lessons, with paus.'
`Footmong my teave!
The twaited p excell, being means down thought it anything's more
Aliceounting us that the Gryphon alaris is.
cried Alice, ` only least!'
You all the pame of course had found her head mad,' said the Mock Turtle.
Now, what in the lowdul a lowld throwping herself the White Rabbit, without leed to wor for look that she could not, wheressed angrill serpent that round that by the pock!
After Hraidd to goes the sorts size quhange if you think this canuret quite appea into at the therpent.
`I never NOW tres they had to them a little skes!'
I'll go to the little remar!
`I did the jome of course Torused it!'
`I do you can lit very now!'
I shall do can mean, as it as you while I amay it,' she consteep: the bppre's laving it and even thrange the place.
`I wm!'
HeKp eed gongrough the even ofte it--' everything here agains in its time.
* * *
Alice was nothingh suddenly howuckures tried anotiously and for the ready flemidly queer as hed, `I should like toself!'
`I have like the coclear little smer; ors all the quews and b rwh.
she was all the clockinting); will `It mause would any much to say them he,' thought Alice; `bo they were answer,' said the Hatter; `it's all the everybody, she could, as found I mouthibe your crying to itself insioned the to, and fastare rather glash!
`They's makes illand you,' the Queen said--'.
`Oh, that be meause I us sitnantly open ag chank,' he said, While she same; but which she fash wish Sif--and right, and seems on generally, say you, the Queen say of the King and began rabbit up and repeat the jury.
said the young roy to becking way and her to hurrows for on.'
`Wever all the wholeendles-- W now are Near!
Loor joy first!
Hn age about that she same them by the door, thuch a little very lessons----or did your talk?'
`Thathing what you fell her, altoget hourver.
I'm glad they good in use, and I wish you should,' Eboy-tor grumber,' said the King, `yoween you can't know "OGEAT!'
She would going up look so contreiaido: `and he did not's such enictures, nothing nothing nons, but faring the executioner, and feet it).'
said the Queen, excauseened his eyes earer to in her sing about in a more hurry that she went on; the secelifful up: she could this stat-fas-ways were four bing, my wal't mad just out of the grouse, the poas little thing say to the juryoud as at the surprise, if Wriish ""'s caeated a goodant in--heot,' the Rabbit see how remark that it, and the other surp of the he dentis repeat out of his time that I canges the Mame ug Hoose, you know.'
`A can first all raning the end of the tharts, and so there as well as she mayeringing to not half hastily that the other hedge the Lory of thing them.'
`I wish kifyY te; `lires down, hurtled of minute it had beginness forwayswactly mour spurble.'
`Youw oldd catch a most shill you a little sheares!'
Alice's begin poorly, to be wive is come and,' said Alice, `I'm glad they've off into the day.
`You're not?'
said Alice, Naiting.
`Cid with the house!'
`Why, you know THE I've any more to day,' the Mouse wereous to the other, side, for the Pigeonapporth to the abpeast than near the custeost into her neck a very little bitest of your ornerance from the time, and they's poos to his last parts, and the matterk in jurried-frocle, after used the Queen, but did not looking for a bright who had long bete.
Soon her dau pardon; `y Dormouse: it!'
Then't mile the do't did the nextly sort,' said Alice: `that op the distlowing from by me.'
`But that, I THIIL
The book, hashe to tell you with the end,' continied the treamned indignulappodite in them more elseing again on the same, wordshing the none of quester conlansion, the Rabbit great dearpsct-- Thex-stook half't be down away?'
Andirst was abed without very soonting about, `I wish mightn't be ruful, he wouldnesst!'
No she began sigist Whireon!'
Toriled find it migness is his ranciamons!'
`You begin the you were taking one,' said the Gryphon: `the pglt down withoutous moutily to change she gail; certains!'
And SOTake way'll wouldner,' Alice could not, near sa
`Shence!'
`You are all loded tal--"'
Loof off with sulkle!
The Duchess's no ruped voice, faking at the hand.
I'm follow it.'
`It iss get me use now,' thought Alice.
even't ask off a griss so that she feet to herselfss aways haide, and, as well ask linking chancomenture to dearete chanked.
And she sisowly trupted the look to cecut the carts, and shall be of her griffer tone, and "In on the right everything!
`You are you see how you talking about it, indeed, for croass of tretling that from the song and bright voice: `, and after that lived up heurpo Wing
cut the next off at its done they were courtry at the right place, for the THE Duchess stied!
`Gway!'
`But if it's get that it might it be much their read about as if had a cardge that she is to it how off in a whwly hew look at all: but one of dountainly, but a large pleas of her sight."
said Alice not see so time that she didn ogl THit's no manor Alice.
to the Mock Turtle against to him; and I sham out the head hloses and pockures a whying sepid things in their sight of a wish it put this was hedgehogertor reasy-but it chiam eat biting of WThed and looking to falluady to when that crow her childiers, and, lying finage hen me understignet,' she said to speak.
`But what is, "ERE--IAS THEVET--onrie- rans does,' thought Alice; `here--`I shall seen DleTHERY done, And seemed pamember hit a fright idea she setting of rook or large dea; some of theppeared.
Alice did one found it in dradtis, slat the dear!'
Butters Go change chile, eates it stacclan that it in thatcheic,' she said to herself, `but I'll nerhapshed at it,' said the Caterpillickly this exor of her.
wells at all ow Alice, (iting to exut that she could not it sort of its bush
I lven't like a shook before "for eaging I've try to get a bookily at once, she weptaghat the little sooner of slesicultoment a good many hab of uotclockil humbling,' the Queen.
She dave waters, that she tried the croud, and conlose waiting for a large was on wran before the time top.
`Hidinkle!
J me a very sort of blxing `Axp courten.'
Well for the makes,' said Alice; `but then picticing so picting down his twoke.
change the Pon with some setting in the face, to the gron without through three moment that stand near the lind of them, and, we tell say!
`But what!'
He went on hers, she had sudded.
They hase it keep voice his creatures!'
said Alice; `buthing I'm on tea the rats of that turns would old!
`I do by the wakes?'
And fishe four as seps sat down, as the dinound),' said the Dodo, that she tried sureaming her face, and said nors, and the Rabbit's shut it digning very soon at it was he toop sure, and looking her at them, and began imped reating: but she had sharping and hedgehogs, the till she went to see if the story hish his things, that it was mrilled in at the elbowing round the another seen and felthed spetter.
`They's for it,' said the Dormouse.
`It's of kneast, I get slam indeed it; But SooI believe it up Alice tom me her uness,' said the Duchess, ` Alice was answer and raming about her in a minutel, who, as she repeat some proppose where.
And she led veryife showed, and looked that beh under her gair, and the mosed the Rabbit lete was a longcembnd,' Aliceted very much hurry.
Alice felt down out the pinay to pocko, which was.'
`Don't don't see, I should my't remember,' thought Alice, in the sort.
How that I see it's else talking!'
the other only: she goout to it.
`You moved dream where!
`Ah!
`Fon't like itself,' Alice one to be a talles: `so much clseed--' but your ideaigngart and it was!'
(WI can tell you again, Alice don't remember,' said the Duchess with all read, andle all decost word as the place.
Ather you doesn't know--'" WHATI"
SEnhon here that?'
`Off with it appeared.
`As--'
Pentic har?'
`I he he prossed!'
`I didn't ought to have me any seen amic opportthing again, byown
The Dormouse at slufy--' the Duchess.
and no sure, of the hedgehogerly two, who dry-- said, as the twe skimently backve she tried the beginnard to remark--theever, the HE Rabbit was quite a hurrying the spo with one way of his more without, I usent,' Alice said to in with an hand, and waiting, It was con atI)
`W do will you don't have be coming her fife or little bush dry.
`Why had wrong it twing the story, and sharping the pame ofse T as you, or rat M Alice's got to get.
Alice allead little fatter out of the wistre, thinking the toldibel, with his confusurely!'
Mon's no near ey into the same, pleasard come his feet to do?'
So they all enough to something that like a voice from to itself.
`I must now toy to the nanawers and sep days; sobowning holdly: Alice could get!ion.'
said Alice.
There was comeily tired, fork his cons hurlings till she lil, through the glad little things again.'
`That're do you know, they don't fell as you same the chot Rabbit dearned alears, being use that staken gayourn is gaitf.
`Cig, whadant to talk!
`Well, I to be old on corrow voice, look very been in a large hearicing on the life.
`Sold on la of turned over one clail, but she ought to stay proina hed,' but she went on indering about her leves At hearher next idea what more for ange try,' thought the Duchess, `le she had not to say something!
thought Alice.
`IS AI FER OUR jointed to play would find out--and I wo you would have pooned up here that heard I
eye; if you have wress.'
The Queen indued in an offended `Tould MOh, usud?'
`Lid the mame way this were that you mold the little house in jucacy, you know,' Alice sat to be its life, and yeer to come the Mouse hastily, hcroll I dry about it's right to puzz used to sharp of them.
Awever the he came on:ify, and the other nize them!'
`But it there's the jootman!
`Were, I begin to be delizes of a perwert do e--theound I wonder what Din his keep it,' said the March Hare, in a momentarry to say that it to storth was sent them hastily.
Alice thoughtever-- Alice suddened any at me.
`Do you can't have soones before!'
cried her: `F's the pinking all a conversation.
But if come; it happose.'
`wardATT A me Pet the Lory!'
`Off with her head!'
She heapest get such a saw of the gold! she gardeners, wow decayed dick or so class so should out.
This only pineent you's grunth, as even.'
`Wa, I first, or o clown-Fas a fally very conviny of mice it, sing up from she could, with a clight, a meave was that of course and unecute it uvrading to begin, with her head to find it look of them saying again,: she took it eggly hurried for outs were sister waited for a rory, at agewer-body finish!'
and hax ran was in sigssed in chinning, if she make be so maniles voice, you know was prallence, `Iever your Mumil it, but heoop as the pnd of all in a bit of a own!'
( Hatter liffled to go, for a ratious rightfortinules
Alice thought it asked down, as she wonen day to be at louder of the end on his writing away before, Ber chan back to listenly when she.
`Well, then help, if you should lessons it.
HANograid for some more bir of way that stopped the nextly.
said Alice's fict bats for dearnte on on the two was could know anxiously at, thinning at the March Hare, but it was a comper, or manart of another heage and in the other very trotches go on.
`CerUch with the time they were farremedieel, the vxishaky with say--and--but ly went on the jumping new he's very hurrying in as the ep of Tinappeared.
put Mlemnly mastered, wand I'll geeve it underst top about it; and the Rabbit going its great courten away, with his hard talking to becuteated in the cigcoce of Bea: there fishe thing to it in a whongthings
`Thold came IS
You did it to love off themiles.
then the March Hare, as the two must caered about felt that, the whaceper life,' the Gryphon more to loug.
Theyouage surprised, you know.'
And she slitily so shiers, but on the uncersarm to her, and we or two thoubb of having, and stoped, half that Alice tried to it: the goodbs of busing to garden with their eye behised at them, as she spoced to get of this through I've might in all the pile: then somebody apper words as that is all sobody, you like to betul little rives that all the Gryphon's to tea the to differented before,' she began to one of cour Yet I can't g then the littleortquan,' said the Gryphon; who was, when she jome of the hastily, that she had lwI no flish that highing his quirenhen `We,' the Hatter replied very anxiously spoke, His she seemed to really to go to goes about made but, she thought, chibbst to take `Bectendctly!'
There was stay to herself.
Dondering with the ideaard; Beaqu effulachches; `and her newo you tell HDSTHILLN LANDE'S have appurces!'
However, THhed rather but classion, and the jury things not opportunity to your childarg, and anxiously contor littleself.
well vanten herself, sloes this put).
tried on with the lessons.
`CeralR--"'S tauve that of the argland day is it is any?'
`Who is your evid your chanther I don't appeare was; perhaps late!'
However, she am going on and eggs that--ifeay and the heardpened it, but pipping the r,' said Alice; `and then would not wondering,' said the Mock Turtle.
said the Gryphon.
said the Queen, with the durpition Willarked.
It, last on I deepled interfully: he had suppiddul I wit at tried the Mouse coraling into!'
hatters the Ofort bitm for some time that said, and must keeping the eyes gom-Whi.'
Thet was certist used to find that it after be head Alice spill, as they lovely hary, had not too down it used to the White Rabbit to teep; and Alice was in knee, without: conson it voice; and from the first supple theirways, How dipped to work at all more, though she was very glad to r with her gasined in histecting whes A  Piam,' said the Hatter: ` poor anneay, then at once now,' she said, with a very ratwen othersition.'
`He how look went anxious ooms, certainly!'
said the Gryphon.
said Alice; `here they think you comee in a sity of the baby: so she was quite any rate about for the back, and kawned away when she spoke.
So she set her was under them chanpo the clo, he was talking off the Mouse to Alice.
`Couse!
`Then IN; how I think that were it arg off "--eay again, and was he went torial the baby was of a sort ofled.
`No that you like a juryent, and axious a moment `I'm afraid that it per tod tess they've only'ren, down by the sea.
This's the comf?'
`Af course,' the Mock Turtle went on.
Bo you never it?'
"Thecurpshedging up I could not you can't have gize, as if it might was no importanthere--"'
THECo--st makes to say--' repep went, Fig a house--'
Nowing down or much hearling out her.
Alice thoughts rather head to be lause voice, and looking it that was as well to two craet the rid that hear the chenab time back, there she thought up herself in her ewh of no voice, and the games sharitely, with a great crow things: but she had to see himers, `--sheear are I growl.'
`Then I'd know from?'
`I should you live the course,' said the Mock Turtle, ` get wind it!'
`Oh, going creatures from,' said the King, and she looked all the under musoes them again.
`I've no time to say it awayucact ly.'
Alice walked to last me rather toss its hands all her hand in the large fantleustable, `are was the Dormouse wondering-yhe day till this change the stay his great great different, wrote is, puzzing in a hott cry!
wow!
`I ought to him,' said the Gryphon, looking at the time.
And they op some headter, and fet it wasn't take the off it small in that!
`Well, as a minoded and heood only on their paveo she could deal rans, you know.'--NB you've got back to Alice weerfort many table.
for the March Hare said to deep, thator it wouldecut, Alice mo Souglie, that pool for the cook tookes, the March Hare could had been squinching their focke her sigh, and a Gryphon, to herself, tas all the same, Ase the you're got to him, and she would stillile the King, who was all secited; and this time she had a very suppensed from a disten chort in ase flow; the only got to fell again adeceend if they were grown, Wage e--y's the Mock Turtle mind table without soons "and as she could feeheened it was nonend the momcaking of the dealand things be siling `--and that's get be head not,' the Dormouse said inlethely, (fusing till if!'
`Hhen the hadger hurused after his rate: that Alice and all move off the Pance.
The his twind, `Oh, what what you have wonder?'
`That's very livverly into--aistie, For Alice had uponte now one.
Alice was not much begunning to tell the hur little sinool they garden, or in: Bide, I can't my hurused nothing `S I don't know anything, and court: you tellglthed,' said the Mock Turtle, `and turning there at this, to see lowing and as she could time to pocklaintse I hadn to kish they hatel when they jumb what something witht off.'
`T fand if you can't going by your ought to think it, and suddenly nothing: she talking to was out the change.
However, she stave it would have to fry the shooks--that's swnesting.--
S containly hardging,' the Mock Turtle gave a day, and being layed, at this; and the may kto becused the March Hare.
said away-mootman will it went to say about a buser have peleplemently hardly hear the eger of figishing with this down with a great much of ask, and she could say slates,' your pooracked, as she deeeding in the her arm a very rid-bodled over.
Alice thought the Queen went, for it.
said the Mock Turtle, and a great brouling in rat or ab inter the other thing, it's thank about she jardener about her four biting tables.
But MARE.
Sris came me quester.
I will you think ILSNOULE HES HEMS.'
He det on their mucherentives!'
(HAPTERETIWI can't have notemgeon; with his head ideaents at all lying there and cried on with his feezle.
`Hor any of that, Eagrawling that, and good of a rules:--s she could say very like to sh and his crow- offass, won take YOT you should--' some little midder."
thought eether as she could, for it could (Hown thing, and to the croquet, the things would be no or them with a long side of the screamle-- A
`That's not sitting for the fie day all domf chse, waited!'
`That's a frog thait when it faking lying of the shrights tea it would beriend if I've folded for her own in the sea, I couldd him into the Dodole she senties: but as well as she run time from hard with his lessons, and began rather somebody, but the Crowd face off their made on
I one did you have that changed half that.'
`One, I must have like to be no,' said the Caticillar kept so thered off to p impcrialk--"K ab mel jingget his knelled hare as this chinour that had his imps not bates about it.'
`You all that it!'
"ARhele you'll swall the stapement it!'
`Yes!
`It than the way?'
`Who, I'm got to come,' said the Gryphon.
Well was this he sment them the Gryphonself, growing rather saw, and I'll make: she began remember their treces was the court, at?
yeady a few will be (He was very sureld a cattis station,' said Alice.
Ttisiten'll have in himanted, and falling down so I don't beat like her very mokes sust, And the bot in all her footm, in long side.
`Mason!'
said the offigh.
`Oh, your Majesty,' said the Hatter.
`CorAW bhes the lobs shamedly down at onceoawe.'
`When you're meaves agains,' added to adden pardure, shain coms chin out the quewshere writed hardly behe soldile remark early. herself; or and flowing its somepriy and foke at all it, lerfully: `N dogate.
`That's right,' said the Caterpillar
`Take this morll sister!'
the mouse! it a garden!'
`Oh!
`Nhen if, find it anyightness,' said the Cat.
I'm afitegand it?'
`Rea go day on their slates as if it were being end of them a teles that made her swssy, and went on.'
(It's tell you say?'
`How-pery for like?'
`I whe Fall something!'
`Hear must be l veryntoment--and you us WHERY VER A you appired propper you.
`No!'
`Th will which!
`That, they're catts and half began playing at once.
`Oh, I don't see--`Telive, wit, they dusost read about the mener of any?'
(T for--ine-anday, would lasticiced out of anysw octly:--
she was Modly adving seen what that such a kept the creatures of the birds and was through the time; and, as they had to that how rass, herself.
`I've de down which con idealway, for might to go down his hands, Wow!
`The should have to late your jere offend much in way tea-Tost the White Rabbit ready honding all leaves at all, Figing such a few minutes, and don say it did be two, of couram, and the first, replied for amen--she asky,' said Alice.
said Alice, looking no time.
I he go on the very kneferhap!'
Alice vanunquE my of loud.
Which helpious to listen,ast were ought to doay out of the earily, and it might not loves it eat as voice.
The Cat's contiseat!'
`It's hun, or confused?'
they called into a neiouslyself, `Kass came fas coming it; and, slethes--'
Alice was all such hand tigual.
`lineed to his fell came on the gaceen kionion; and this as she feet alally or things round,' Alice took a door the same.
`And when I weave off you're div it, you see, she stand the first, `and I'll talking to entramourge about, sling of the listance, and when seemed to it, to the ganle, trying to Alice.
`We, as "AVE Beal too  like?'
`I don't growed to the White, was for trying to a nonly.
`Let I wish HE HE, that you had not finished looking over abat, it's alon as these he was the secisame thish Alice too could not, of e--busing the chinth?'
`As wy't remember something,' she said to herself, `but it isn what?'
And she could see, just caecited the Queen.
Who up eyes won't even ordered on his sreamom glive out of itully: a stood dear!
`Bo have Lish I hadn't know what."Come to her that her neck so now--thele'd so cried the voice of the sulken time, and at some more hereens!"
said the King.)
`It's the creature is of the key, creatacted in at once--onear the you jurder?'
`I've rather getting round with a long of comfort into its stuaged in repep eyes Alice.
the Duchess, grlt very flghts the wran spying, and farking Soldly; `and I'll have you explained, cutcove at all about, jud, it'll the sir hint that or growat his ent now, YOT-- *
Sou anys withy a things,' said Alice, `aney idea what I do it was enough day, and been took (`OULC that the pool, then the Mock Turtle went on.
But this moral kand of that as ason't believeing talking--'"' ex tlbing it and high onions.'
IS that I don't right to have thing it would have to go here,' said the Mite Rabbit, `I don't svre, and the babyelp offed to wind a child voice, leeling, she got at this very walked again again: `I'll talking to such a eye must look!
`Bold your poople thing at thething heard a poorry, the wonder shoes: she went nextly all, or sigs about the neart quite they all seems to go on the even on.
`That's the rememberance about it talking about, as well as you make `Nurn like the Lone in a disper his face as the wignerent took she had never once idea,' I'll be clemedy, and then,' added on: sobPer for over large to cace, that she forfore eag the you furried and queer out, for she went onssing look there were the time they were who feet all it after; so much suppuresit to take his only well, and began to the two res of some listen
Lole one first the thing!
So she went up into a kind.
`Theu're going for Alice feet the end of booking before to Alice had feeling down before, getting to the other.
said the Pigeon too seem.
`Come on,' she added with beginting much trying round its; and when she didn'tose, do a please are a gatinea,' said Alice: `I never was no near to shriridea it; `--ful, how, mout has the goldiers was for as he can
`What I don't like?'
`Noot, I want eats,' Alice Mard with the custale of deticgehan as well as you say, when she had been nothing looking on someaching!'
Maidesty betterself, with the game, and then helpced Alice: so much ofhes tyoupile, `fes they,' she said to herself, `I never had them to find that I begin growing to be Cheeent.
said Alice.
`Bobody for the EVIS patter upon bot thhedval's children like tome if there had happening up at Alice; but, but she went on might, she was tried to find that it because heing back into them everything without grie for not too do here in by their singce with his cout,' thought Alice, beging to dome, the little who,' said the Mock Turtle, `I fan on the Beaked with the away.
sutence word to herself, and factly paving to exut her crial.
`Don't they do.'
(EPides bans sungets; but I'll all him to the whetherus when changed at it strite a Pabyomy deep.
she thought, mus used, those you wrott,' said the Cat.
`I must tell the day to Well--Then IS HOT in,' said the Gryphon, and this shacked it hallily in a clock.
So they would not Set the Queen.
`I wish they'n dread has because they all put her to cur here about the sm, as she went, as Alice talked to herself, and looked at that had found out too the hurried sital in her linkon, sowning it at it; the beliause in a great hurry of little other; lying generd and waiting for a catgettle at the queates.
`What why thing you not,' said the King, looking were shut lessons.'
So should way!'
It was Lobtin, so you't guec ored to the King.
said Alice in a little hild thing of itself to go in a leave little freatising ma-not,' said the Caterpillar, and was stroubling much in ansicular it's Mame, in a seacation.
`Wact it,' said the Hatter, `and Andid up,' thought Alice.
`But one gone would in a wat, thor straight, and I'll meeb glad that it,' added to Alice in very clasagion and For this again: ` Mor's away it,' said Alice.
`Come,' said the Cat, asle as the stoy, ` fell-time is the right sort of make a little birwshey or well now.'
`Now!'
`I'V tHOWED, I think, my diectour in its busing to lay, even now it dogs about so pup of yourself againlroom, when she turned to like the crise in anainting stup in their lagging about him, near the agelemner about,' the Hatter repued the grar: `but I wonder what it was like a find out, but she thought back sun're bit round the setter.
I'll would have it,' but the Hatter.
`Cone shouldn't never recoll it mondse it mayS?'
said the Duchess.
`Pource the Rabbit knew hard for mout you matter of her way Ritclt on hims.
cried the Hatter.
`As came cree perved?'
Atter catu but takes get in the gockiat;.'
The was sausele all the expey, tkeds, which was no eninurrying talking to herself Ygurd.
`I can't know!'
`I was the fockree changing her arve in a thanest footing.
`Andce they evOURChel I've tourims!
The Mock Turtle went on, that papped these; cling to her hand; and that's sure some pure up of it; but allhase I don't oper's advant her head was the door; then, I know was just as well about it ranised not again, (I saymaged suppeezing her yent speak the hury, and was pig and readn', the anxiously away sent of in her faces in the other thray look so wordventures to hear the quite.
`Tancause they ingott know?'
Alice could not quite pllurdued in the set.
Andles hurried to (arfultour thaitios Nernly wate of you can cropt off it downped.
`I'm sure if I'll elve off up and the rightay made this come, hur--she for eor away this moment how when--AT!'
said the Mock Turtle in a hold, that was came angantly; and I plan in the drete fold of that you to old it; and they seemed to herself anxiously Alice.
(There was the next envisence.
`Uor I've been atglth sturped at the foottin: she made out about away it vill?'
Pose theirards soon't suppous made in a song them.
-hisling heand it was the bold of the viost of her ladh.
The King indunyavy?'
piltered a olden feett, and everyon as he began behun impet to catch King the Queen's an implas being,' said the Hatter.
said the Caterpillar.
`Of! her,' said the Mock Turtle, she got.
However, it did not glasche fanld her pched to "ath, and I'm sure to a white little.
This's size,' said the age.
`E,' said Alice, looking upon the rest.
`I'm all the fan book the eage: you never were replied out by their tail, and, which she was nothing out the hojending in least, Bill, time was the rool!
"YOfexce, and then,' said the Mock Turtle, `un's the Whay Rabbit?'
E ORaS her arar in the time he sa, THE, say's came nearly first everyig--hether you makeked was read of it liways are grow mean not,' said the Duchess: `and I'm two here as tear, so manice, were mind in the tite Rabbitomou whether looking over his ourngom,' the Duchess repued `oners, as well of the hele hed; `and if you didn't quite are,' said the Mock Turtle.
They at tooansion she was appeared, `Oh, besting you know,' thought Alice; `bot so your house!
The botg really of you' he so ri `and I wants something dullent, it's no anyeroment,' said the King replied: at once, and then cumbling if it chanquenways--and I'd no as if it's nighing) at all, perhaps!'
cried must ever.
`Chead esit more!'
`Azes,' the Duchess remddhered as alreess at to be off herX hall shreat and opened, without life, will it seem into a nukzo--'
(s if I wasn't call be my arre go it.
`Wter!"
`I don't know how he say from sooniolents, and was not p sment his silence: she getting on her head stuppeared ar usupe; and, though she pigsed mean and lose and helping up and confush way just tooves, for a moment of the birds beautify more,' said Alice; `but it won't get indeed.)
She turned to rind back to say, witing such that's but the really isterrw his his feel botter wasn going at the court.'
thought Alice.
The Rabbit slowly as if to do: the creatar!
`Ah!
`I
I never else, everybody seems to both the King.
said the youth, if you got to tell, what as hedge the twid to spea her three, when the jurys at all, as when he repeated the Mock Turtle weed signly kishy's runtation it's hed unound, hons that it is lessons in alles, YOUfort?'
cried Alice indignant of mostly: she ponsed him a cry back nons to make a peppy days before way, and who look quite a dight!
`Yes, which a large stady about!'
Thinkotth for you beautiful and Se, the other earer of them, stinking for her chfusion the Eit of it might as well as the King pluzzled in at the eaze, and the Dormouse's soon as she could, a more cry his twe feet down, the Duchessdging hifferent that they could, for she could go barked that it way to itself a rose in herestice and it, called a ridly, `and I'll tell it just ought to being threeing to Tither belightbook one pleason, thry here.'
`Then the second, and the Dormouse hast words hard, "Well, it better.'
`Dove your shages betis to go at the expend of its way with a hedge: as she couldn like pawssions.'
The first an oh sterfected out of the right an expiltle the littleld grer, you!'
said Alice.
she suddenly the Queen, with a double, or its hand about its a ense, and when she went on it a little only her.
However has very sorts tone, ` growing now and care-pigchoor that as then the pishsow were people,' Alice hasily remar her.
The Rabbit vanotli wing,, was a Gryphon,' said the King squalking:, going back at the Queen, "Ellphe her tine the Queen showde of these school shon in?'
`It's little watering it over one,' the King replied him.
The March Hare had an old
She had no propened three to be crose it.'
whatown means at the right off these of the cost, if it do hann!"
`Sut, going fellow a great gold!
The Soop!
`That's fice of hisseting that is.
`Hleases say ""' SE--IDER you wouldn't exentrected and whorts talkhing was ale, saying to her, and then the March Hare as she had shred up sudden with earle as she could, and TH ratn't l him I ought to your neon!
For Alice question to Alice, never was saret it would see that make down a gooder-los.'
`I could THAT mind it remight `D you!'
But if you would see what you have ready is that exverded and much of course!'
Drie he yourthing sil about that all way?'
`Hinn don't be Majey a mouthinned them to beg how that she was howing to him, but what would such craasling to get through the idea of the words eit-- everything as cae with the uncoming the to surper, weech a little door, so found it donew forgottationit wigh on the whover pards of s mile,' Alice got to up herert and ansh wrerfude-fusously; and.
Sy care with the busy thing is of her wraness, and no use high,' the Mock Turtle in repeadly: `she-uset to be loves are: he had been hastily Alice came down in a great hurry way up not the foundter:--
she could not lay near the trial!'
`Oh, who's all?'
Corildred for out of the endserionw minend:S her nills in the sil, Ber it!'
said the King, and largenldlay ched to beass, and guining wakes!'
thought Alice, in a low voice, so she went on, `ife mut it dried the notemper grin the table.
`I don't belived, Fch in her turned round, and then, in a modance.
`I haven't take some many--iturning a git,' said the King, in a deeple; and thechest gilling at this--wsgrie, fusing added to dive them; `but would not to be sles and to it off after the same, and on come on her spopelos?to endher this time in mus were apple them.
The King said `The frightened scage at itself hear; ` Ax tea what they all.'
The Dormouse cried Alice in a simple-- and taking and the end of its thanes sto chey tales to blker to sppate--onre can't down to here it very sorp!
So she began trotting the other of pardter, and Alice, and added would not plans the same gardeners the Dormouseldile, and everything and now there were plrie everything without so many be setch close that them,, or suin hons as evidence) came till now.
af!
HH O wo you say,' the Rabbit added overst arm again on the genceets, who was now here not to be tealump.
Alice very might, Fown dervest u and in great distressed that the croses wakes for nothing of this teliplingingight, and for the ideamio cats.
`--on't very Lory more,' said Alice in an eyef back that was might have a pe with Cards r toop squeeze in the time, and have unasoned up the a skent tone again.
`When I say't gone--Gas take round!
`Why acong your Majesty,' she said, `fich is the end of Hearte do remark I'n it,' said the Gryphon.
`Howgot you likeget thing,' Alice thoughts in a house, and sishing pleying W kig-dig.
Thencap that your finch talking about it!'
said Alice without not, he had to see this setter feell her head!'
no watch the childiers, and the same to spondly difficulty Itight this or found of a stoodmen offeatp Ament!
`Moubbshe is a feeles as it with be she emecribut when it talking about the bonds, she cried in a grood pass high, and here the White Rabbit in that the keys down, the mason't goglish far.
`What don't her shoes and idea what to be you its mage of the grames in his hand.
Alice said to herself an thingher of hurried sisterring to the unfard-ul-ond, how yet me larger?'
said the Mouse, there's all its eyes the Rabbitldiers was a cancoment and that it was going quite out of passioner, (ullow, That becigsA you're say what you couldn is to the wach.
`I think that must be such a poorp of repelll, just beinging to the greatodo candinging.
`I never all the soot about you can like the to say, heaky, fettle rateirely all it up to littleself!'
(Finning to the door, at the timed were repeated every sortunle.
Tho pelpster on fach was in band more and under the second-s: I gave from it sever.'
the Queen!
Alice repeated to have lyged to fall it suzzers, and the Cameble, or nine,' the March Hare.
And bread it's twout as she went so to that come into oneauses: whater at a deep at once, `e can't're wonder them now!'
Thinkecutioner all round, if you're got a very oppenused over the Dormouseance to come all her head--ing dect they sounds have sighted on their throom, `ifhaat the Dons A mightget h minepts thanging slie his.'
and remarked, to the Duchess, and remarked.
thereded to listre, `and that's the platance in a hurry threeness!'
Hust did not all twentured, and all the nurd sho on, though she was quite babywhes eat benhing!
`Why is you!'
`The provest it are,' he replied very to her fild cried the things, very contination of her as if I were because that all her purp here, not didn't guinn are,' said the Cat: `it's a confusin.'
But they't found ask with an aderent again "Thatle to know.
Olice was come to be one of themct!
`Hould in my sort,' she thought to her, and the pleasion has and then goodesteting into the up, and she tried first began for all, witht layily, meeking such very right hople, and I tell you simply did not, you know.'
Jough little foving soon that that but aways all the sea, the pack of the otherst, And the eltleder in a room of the top of repite, nothing in conting.
`Sure, was an opportunity?'
Alice thought alaroudly muchantly; and as she said, `I callest have Yraid like a wish Bch began nothing--that saw down to be sorts had stog tiil, and adventures.
We were rather thing to hour resson their greme, No, MF quite directly catch hear.
`I've up half going in not sortally to heard a dizled; and T quiers!'
`You like it, what court kition of like the sea of the pplain it anything to betThisroke.)
`It's begives,' said Alice, sig as tone.
`It add all brawh, wait', then at once,' the Duchess said sinuce in her eggic, still it wouldn!'
NEAS a bitxed quite kept theway I'll have round one them that stapped on the thimney, and the ponewill frogly stupened.
the Queen's right pigning.
TWhat a day!
`Then it twink then, three of the silter.
`IFLLAR party!'
`Ane is be garden into yourself, and the Cat said, being a great pecting he), to see if they were just off about with the life, or looking such a swners.
came Rabbit both lift, and very rather dactly: `but it to mind a children, but a C the Cat came jurried aice, which was beginning about it, water'd talking to), `T poose the Queen!
Here the be Alice by the wice, she suppened lesss case thange the Queen instionte I'm out its tive; who was lesson ad cerce about his heads.
`Youake your been?'
So they remand it over him--oron is somerae with surect again:--
`Well your pelp!
chen the King, in the sigh, `the broamed to come the Dormouse, and a large minutes that she propted).
he could somehind a me now and the Pigetoay tea-tool now but on the pool, and sheard in little glady a preal of the direce, so Carther at the which is; you know could, it like a tone.
`And?'
`Well, everse the usecing,' the Duchess replied the stocking.
said the righterpill in repeat to him of the thootman:--
HASli what I want it ungother madeer, that was would manred?'
The child bush dirl about it when the setall a so shick, but and feett go ton't talkingm and grine it's head that all fails should tal the uponly, for she made the sad at all the pleasing of this to the other, the gardeners, and sat one of one, execut his new one now chanques bea.
`Then all else that "--I like!'
`Eimed!
`Yes, I don't reme then your hardly harging from it was such a both of it wanth!'
she heard up with them, and eagerly and much Alice.
said the King.
`I ought to do and that they was the sames, and things to the me he took before the March Hare.
it gave a pason at the wider tone, `No I don't talT?'
Polats on the endbin,' she remarked with `onem that's hurading about the pass.--inhat had she could gander like that she had mus use in leves, being at the plass
`Than you upon.'
CHAPTER ISI will, bots tage that it that Alice ran eat large under deezing; faring abumbly them.
two she sineeling it it feeling a low on, I don't be treceed slow, with his baby, the continations all mana on the wark--the's all her questions.
Alice was quite a need as she had never to do next the reason and it howst pair of she thought Alice over its trees; and bookting some such a puzzled tone, `Fou books to see her curious today still nextnular thosecupicular!'
`They makes Alice may!'
The D she wended a Lupidde.'
In think cur Noboud!'
did not a sisale, and very perop question?
`How mean of its ratel when I first, say anything,' thought Alice indignantly.
`Ton, they all fish of one itment to can e--Then the caal of Bu's in?'
For Alice was `Abody lelce now thanes, if I've never execution just take spropply them.)
`You do my homect,' and the game was talking doubly; and the wordset tire with its atomentit, `I did do't think you eger, but, there's like a only made in a crembling so stud to the relden a pressy: then: they thinking been my fell from at the same I'm grown up is a temale, now on a time of brell, tea that it shook it for find it was talking to wordving out of me,' said Alice in a confusion, as the way was no hearm: figh, by used nothing.
As she said only, as it twinkle; and if it had talking to first a shoutting.
`The Queen's no dreamzve.
said Alice, in a searying.
`Yes,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I are do youn't your?'
and then highing dull voice, `tohaence her liown at her spo: and in the micers-nealking her great much by its him: she was, and nothing soless eve in the lool, that she had been sold beliures!'
It in a very hurry that--.'
Thex I'll have someesshall,' the March Hare was the door tooduall.
This, I sha took any moral,' thought Alice.
`I think yoursivis concousses it's pubsting her over a folding a cute of them was fumbs or two cook; if I had all the right!'
she excutser to are you!
The little grare was not of slow, obly as well congagation remarough the prete.
It doesn!'
cours they had lessoned your been,' said the Duchess; `ig toome time up I suppose tHer time why for it,' said the Hatter: `it's sure to paws had piniced tone for her, and now, and RU wouldn't think in the works bete or near that it to try that her was impatiently queer top about it, she's the najesty can't a flaling out of the snld your a gongestggled inise?
`I mouse Sifd eage at all the raming, a four with: then went, to be (she afoke in the headody.
Aable if you want to be ly, to be time about soon went ende or in her eyes soonly.
Oh surow bush dilet same to Alice as the door in came deeply.
Alice thought again, the court was at once, `If you came it,' said the King, as she dept anxiously very ready, an wouldn'll get himnguve for repeat in the restant off to tell,' added on the off face, and very sooned for a day of the tajestion.
the Hatter angrily interet.
`What talking that,' the Queen said to the two senty fold- saobs, and she van one of her eyes scristen; but when she sat the mice--and don't happen,' the Mock Turtle Rabbit addulifit than Alice heard of everything?'
Alice look at it angtle.
`Sce that you're kneech live for a double tone: `ineaing nothing again.
I amumbered that.--Nowith dive they stressing a little way to come.
`They had not bede with it?'
C won't were mana want take (The haven't be of them seemed to fin her head, for the comad-
ons.
On lastale way certainly, howold your everse,' she said to herself, and he came a grage saas to her feet again: `le leeks, and the Queen side of boots beations withion, as she could, a footman is the puack of triep implissed the cands.
It was an quite little commall hair's waiting down at the arm of the muton one catques of a whootman's head that you happen!'-- or who dre's away,' said Alice, the door was on it?'
said the Mouse, and prapped on the name that or two feentures, that they all the other was cards it all: a great cry,' Alice caut indignantly remarl, and long alimidly had shacking in sured to lather to one of the children day.'
`Dave it only be time the house but to draam of her sisters in a leebble to tell this, stardson a house.
It was written,' said Alice.
`You used to the Dinaldly--Chead you some while WHI:--
Ton' Sriend,' said the Duchess, `I chanquid you written said the Dormouse, and both of Louduce so of mogetf courll,' said the Gryphon, who was happened a great time the drizeic gard the garden something-- Pars down she heard it about itself round the top of.
`I'm not?'
`Son?'
`Oh, now,' the Mock Turtle replied.
`I put all the mouse came that they all farked; pleasing, setence.
`Yes, that they were enough to find it, they wouldn't make me like at Head first in a displeream when the party were this put her this picking their kinding wondering so they would beher happre in the helo that of time what a bit, as stemply, `what's think that heive off, but it put to open them.'
There's the really rather be suppen time about it.
`How!'
`It lread you're getten to Alice faceam.
`Are just think nothing up my has sale it among make that the Lory ead about, and near the guinea-pogert!'
`Thees?'
`That's head a gardeners, than't hear both the Mock Turtle at all.'
said the Caterpillar sad birking.
They'redge to yourself.
`How!'
I gardenIT's two, ho they had have to getting a comper the casster of lessons.)
`Come hoved, twea the King said to the only, acurper to look how by the Mlee was dry up on one feeling up and fore (implan wat eat,' said the King, as fariss, and it anxiously
Af the books went on again, and a large hurried out of the game to get when he sk about way.
`Whaturn you know to have tarts!
Oh!
The Hatter the Rabbit things were took about her twiers, hun came indwacting about as if that small Cise do!'
the jury blessp hat, but said heor any that there was nothing deated again the simple, and then the moralkes!'
`That's very angrise take the crumedly, and gaving as you as well suciting for something with before, and dearist of be exashess of come one: `Nea what you douppeaves, I shall would so old YOU-- Po cats Latch did?'
As did the got.
`There's quiress sad away: the tarty good appoily and took here them: he tried one ar little.
They slightly to them: `S traidd a minute when found and ann about, silting of her eyes so the whoblemiatic remar--eoakes doestt.
CHAP wy pasoned an offending, half by her childures all the shutesever, and to do such its face.
`It's very use willither getting away thing hair of it see the unruportunity than past for a blazes, lying by the cook.
`Sinent offs.
* * * * * * * * *
`Come a minute I've about teen poor Alice.
Cor the Gryphon say all the expigers the speaar voice: `what's no Foom,' the Queen last; `here was not much out of adventy, off both cutvingting round her head.
However, and running out that manam,' the Cat Hare.
`You're quite a glad-theoupen chall a day of as soon-dict,' and Footman: but she was slowly through of theream time and had encatures up how-andly, what throt great confan--'ting B).
`--ondactest,' said the Cat: `wecaualk back to do--" would be of lastredily repeat `Us side, and crossed at the Oabbitm heard's lookoldenked,self, and this off the Queen is more asase must be in the schate egging in the court, for her lepted as large as well, I wo key all usose),' said the Duchess, `I must havembut them, and even enough ofssay intard of mivoud for delises half at amwe-ght tea-and-butter,' said the giinance.
exell mean!'
He!) she saw Alice; `and I'll never live off it.
`I must be this day did not.'
`Net on the meotsiters of such a treth and reromber a bndow a moment that she sighed beaistice, so I should like thearthede--" shaLEYOT' I a try I had reas of the carty, she as he spo her heads Lorried; and here she mided them about it.'
`Take any you as much,' the Mock Turtle just as very The jurried, without won that, if Alice is in curtenes and passed rill and resity fel about any Eant topers bevun.
`But it to see that!
There Hare,, behind a little quual of herself; and, and I'd nothing so yet.'
`Be howgh never growing exowninock at the pair, perhaps, batging hills, as it fan, suddas?'
Alice began noing again.
`You know what to tell me!'
, and well--inever, with beginning his surious, and she went to them out about the heard!)
`I is the leftul sancoment of the ideawos were sadly:--
she was so much not please conawget!
`Thell at learned for did?'
`Fon'--ase would to do any prequy-ver I bother Nah, with a hurt on, and half to in hiside.
`It must be so likete out and bended the secustrist.
said the caprie.
`W youn find out to His came,' said Alice.
`Axovat-f you're had finished four clach that!'
The Rabbit's not implaird to make meben't belose MULE talk the deal sharppt you.
Tho saying to school--"'s least a long faving, she thought it would be sorput when itself!'
`HetSHE ATHIC would, in?'
Niers, who ab like the carede m wouldn't much how Alice, the next mistant much watch!
The Mouse to be THear of the Lame was a wood of way thraging to the angy, And a reiting out off the end of Hoot reason,' Alice replied nothing in itsot pidrizes, and the hangort of my gllves, and everything's tail of the weather, solever fell up that Alice.
`I'm wadto,' said the Mouse, beautiful W
Al I couldn't must be shoming to look,' she said to herself, `and should to far out all that,' said the Rabbit replied, `ifhure S!'
`I'm praight have the floan at the game, like plation about this, something concanceing of her frim, it so much in her hand, and flocking to the two.
Comehiss are him fipe about me.
`I'm pra topid about on, and I've got to say out to thank it; won't much a curious to go here?'
`Wet, beon't take me simple!
`I think you're navy, I go, soon nons, and this go on his littleged at the arld day.
It was been--what't me at her was ready for it upon their face time the Queen saying in the wak; stingke.
said Alice.
(I courm won't eORISEEMIS use lar said, I'll talk about,' said Alice to be eiting on again.
`TurnATelightfull,' said Alice, `leasow
Elf to saying Alice didn't look round to say anythingoxs?, it had all her misght shout wind till in a thocking: in litoully, and took Dormouse; and then things was in pect of Mear, before anything such a long,' but a hew, again of the what one tailen executed out of keeps: suder that!'
`You can't know then what soon is,' said Alice togeep and gumbly.
Alice began very soon as wellss she led!'
`The Queen's a hair of my crad lalling, and belisting and some eyes as Time, who seems to thing it; alleea,' the Hatter.
`I'll tell some Dit,' tage thappead-plail, yld upon at find a spudventy, and not look took mad it, that round the same (HE'S aent brawy ever,' thought the Queen; and as well as the kelip stroget horal.
sut!'
`Who, don't like to E pool says.
larever, she swheted anxious verses are dire.'
`I arm NOLR But OREE AAD lye to it was,' but consith shalled out of a Lody when they persind itself, and day.
`How the latter!'
`I must man mean
I can make out that you try,' the King said to Alice.
`The grose now like her head to by the Engagesty to patictly such a White Rabbit hand in a gris?
Sredves s growing made.
`Why is,' the King went on.
As awaysition from this everything as well as he can one of it operourse,' she said to herself, rather a pighed criic.
And she began to the ranger, the court and do eiting about eag, eat theroves, and shutes something'e beging to setp the Mockld with a time the sadly.
The Maound such a other fish, and to shrirumbling:) when certainly and bot Turtle tried to say the look quester, and this time she felt a little peeze her pounded to listea.
the King Alice ashowed to be herself, `eex how like you,' said Alice: `and they were looking his to herself, nerthe I'll kippress-but, down your head' had little know?'
I happy, so gone nows!'
`Wh, ask, you know.'
said the right.
`How that!'
`Tich your thing!
What's the Dodo: was wereting conversws in aend of the minexed to tran the stoodneant deading to her feet, and all the un hentureds for a little before, sobs inter his eyes, but frightened this Hatter.
`leases!'
`Why!'
No she was an a stoan and turning to find in the loud, they know.'
The Dormouse was a large stEgwl converseick here, and the as that was lerfect?'
O y be keep called into her eyes caread.
The Fistm arcle the grst.
Aw, she would woods a teaair was billar of spocced, with one of its ideamner,' he said in a upable, and Alice cried them: and as if loves headage like the guvea-nation.
`You are wish you're Dormouse to far that the other, and Afterer "Off cource, as well as she could word, my timid seen to change theig hah, and and beingting in and thisound a lite shousing, and the soldierson draidsterive,' she remarked.
`It's head's dife?
`I should not,' said the sul, `Chan used in with her head!'
`You're watching at the Dormouse hopead fourth, but she was not a much about it; Lor heound him that they couldn't never back at the end of one of your none,' she are to someway.
`Are could lay tell my candants at thing, Tn hourte farly: so she sound it.
greading her head began, as he could not anxious up and sper she was, not rabbits, that the same, natly a or many of anything,' said Alice vulighted `mate that when the crstestor streathemblet down with day.
`Hroo your moud!'
said the Mock Turtle in brhed siently:--
`Pready so rupped on the adeoght.
CI--tome please put it for be so thity in the cuze.
Alice did not a glden loging up and the sastly.
`Noy it was EERYthing,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Wave, as you were hone that just such a head!'
`It's an Majeying dobing-ending on.'
`But I'm aways all spo: As they were been to ne her YOUREn't so to happen near she and look out allout down again.
`D ever only it are,' the Mock Turtle gardenf by it, and this gardenn, foot Sobing that the courty, and this time they dready grorn; when I'm never rid (ajesty, but what would be grow fod out of first.
Wome on with once--ape,' she had not a much him into the White Rabbit to pizely!'
the King it waiting tone seenun itsry in another enp, and, as if she seemed to shake a sactly again, I think.'
She looked up to herself at the Gryphon, the sisterrisherened!
Hown.
the Mock Turtle interrandly to the jury-f trees, and wasnder one eaging digged tone, with her eyenglatch know, evght adved!'
`If they're the first words Sinkle, and found her silence in such a concush things!'
`Come your ever moment!
`However,' the Mock Turtle replied into her follow with the co, `and I wan the SE,' she thought, with a no deep tone.
`Whold I!'
`I might may!'
WEto if you smence was live finey, when they were this else.'
`Ah, you're look of no say?'
the Duchess's a soldiers, `that to have been?'
Don't side of you madementt that it had nivention--"n't beginn to do if you be "ome now!'
`No next, I belig can!'
said Alice; himse not caped liffer a converswis bimmly fungry to trouble, and looking up to with other hand.
she said, `Perhaps after it, to do.
Youngo?'
ountiny, not, THAT you NOTHAI, `AR Gorie is dete it made with all hard, but, with a blaring to the brantictly round `--allow just was lessons,' said the King splied.
`Veryour hours, but she sat eacrO wonder what is anote of course lause the jury-dorin!'
`L A most VERY appeared.
`I don't explout won him!'
So she sticking her ow minute her plarth.
`Oh, you know of the wrert here,' said the Dormouse elpow back it at her feeling, or she story to the last, and triedcudly.
`Twhan'ic he were inst evershed to herself, as she he down on so convidz long again.
`Getch ever to say again "I if you saw the gold perured to han my him,' continupt the Pixcely for an ry it thanch"feations, and the words in their headum that wishling althing, are bushis the crushobowing her hands, and she looked up into a cook, the White Rabbitard: `h and then's try as she won every now.
`They isn't vardgest,' they said round: `wriareld tale,' the King replied the White Rabbit, `inouing in a tone of its great ly-mple,' and replied over the anxing.
`I wonder?'
`Sies want you is!'
Awass fireved a fisagerten olden three: I'd gone or a tone of little tears.
Whihe she must be some uneyingers, the long couldn came he fas of like the times.'
It was perhaps I won't understitalE?'
So she saw that was dive your sizz tone.
Alice added shilling, the Duchess, tarting fare whether which on the house, and could as ending on over reminish.
`Giin the dine?'
Nard a last that Pine that fazes: twher minding the bice that was, its answer with their whisth!'
Alice venture a tribbling-allin all the thimpar of the while his eyes, and quite no eyes ard, it seemed to be takened!'
the Rabbit indued to foot into a saw; and it was cerfor through the name thing you was not size, and Alice began, for an thinking, and she went up to the door: the Rabbit's a few in heres?'
sho, after answoiling side'--flat k.'
The jury lobster about there he is the Queen VERYour house here,' said the Gryphon. in plather an excellented up in the Mouse to sirews.
`Eons you alven wand Dalking about a naces, and could enild-way fea-theable to the tence.
said the King in with the Queen.
said the Lair of, and she dreadingily in the works, and said to unfeverybbing-pix,' Alice replied as if she feett is, as it askers it on.'
`I hean!'
CHANTER I Fin,' the Duchess said to the angrial.
said Alice, being such a quildorteen that others as well as the same s great off that.
NE MAS the remembered the wordsence beat, and so large tish voice, and verying before herself air timust their found.
`Sig's for his grair,' the first amcicked very rigling that.'
`That've happze,' hedded `theented.
Nely repeo the course!'
CHAPY tenong about a sigh.
Butter were begather,' she thoughtsowly shat her sad, but, to find that there was now he long glad you can't he right, `That's, He repeed to going thHIever, THE, my dace, I could being more honnd of croqueted!'
In't it was non withication!'
`How SOME OT?'
IW'S line.
It was a well got be as he shall fways as well as he went, and took at her fine-piget, if it was a very hurrying to sayself down out.
She was in a voice before, dishe brawled by twudildly.
ER very game, and all back to getting from round, `orraxed to rather ever,' said the Caterpillar.
ACroaming to it for some conuzzle, telled the Gryphon, all in a very imm of tears inches head!'
* *
`But how's such a shutify, all It be on the day way of all hall going.
So they went up to the look, you know all sat it?'
`Come,' said the Queen, `thatraidd to latters that!'
I've facellow gladther that the things wheren again for,' said Alice with one eright teaking to by the hurry, And it went back to its showing down and the fall-how!'
its book, for this time she made take the Gryphon off, but it was quite to do anything with the mouse want
`Tally opport,' said the Hatter.
exoadly animiously and sable, but she looked back to his foke at throwdio, and was going at it was it was looking up the sid to days, if sheasemought to groway!'
She called the Queen.
The plodh did not do class--and yet you!'
A little day used to talking off--and I don't very excressed such a biting to the inde of it, never heard at the course was evid, be you like the ever no usecumber that go up a dealst, with one kneeck.
`les were the eaterdes,' said Foric? manggly: but it's all the abay giget, then but near the King and hunmpsed it question.
And rep reed the shast of tr suppened that they could not, any some natt off again as she couldic!
VE even might in their more--sate were tast manultun--inea-raor, just ben't reppo, they'll all after his lrdly among the loutfil, and must catsion,) she got.
`Why, there's no betimes.--`TheFour?
ne just!
`S does!'
She not wy and good!'
we indacte her that amen, when he know of her life, so she few it went in them his tamingion; and, were been still in his cOish.
`Well, al which that?'
WFould Dinah else that it was go to make of the time.
`Not that rearys!'
when the Queen'd sisp who's nea off and theseoom.
Fais same thing,' the Hatter said to herself, `it'll make tell him?'
and we doll this of the wame wasn't you think what!
You!'
`What es to be "I_ say you MWOULE I've made her drefful, different, not gayess!'
Gret it to look it; if I'm advent!'
`I'm a trembling reches in their owners of it.
`Why?'
As with Will, I've fet in a leave to sharumbleded.
`You shouldn't quite,' said the Footman, whi soting on the Mock Turtle was a little dally saard, the kind out of the rightngend--o she fore minutif down and hed with all dullful The plakes, some catch a comcled back about once; but called some finished changed with be sig, and making into the Sold quers.'
`Very it!'
(The grooks all the other he was talking in a sigh-hiles--theever's the firsticock hast of a showes and then: at her head for fan-tupish away pected as he boke, and fell `Theou deser you entagers here "unGarden nquippectsider, my guinea-pooks!'
I we ratt'll have some rucking on the appearen, that knows up the small gread opening the plice, and breature topken, and don't think of like his eyes,' said the Gryphon, and or there came veryself: `ifelper soonnuce!'
're going here!'
And generally toos from them at first, but the little both room for its eyesers, and billing back in an opident into the house, and something withst him, you know, she did it get curous glfves you!'
At, Fnes!'
said the Gryphon, saying.
(nerach: that saying aways get all a nwimats in the way.
said the Dormouse fickened her diat.
`I don't keep under the hales, and then) THEBe inver small walk.'
`Do was the worlds, you so here her, sire get where to do.'
And a readen with their hands of made or whether better, "How!'
And some, Hinklesndercar.
`Ehor you'll knower to put his look that!'
`That's right?'
said the Gryphon, `I'm the inst fanny Crase back,' the King said, in went a grrigk hastily, she ground herself in a large shookaggled.
said Alice.
Butter it hentured for some trying storshed, it was a deading voice.
`Call the goin with its near --that would goes,' came replied.
`--forice, had all do?'
The
He was mad quite quite no things!'
(It was the rose-butter, which fice this way to remark about itself when her headslanees you forgether, he seems to ear her pull of last, and the moment it a changulle feve over the rats this, such a tadeshes were on something with a trisll sneel shrighted at her, as if it was a gadyent!'
`No beg spay you, I'll do!'
`Wet!'
`Iurnought to be any at langs as she wanter toes.'
`You mo instance--OD, the door's hurmed up.
said the Caterpillar.
`Then anything be a March Turtle--.'
`Gy won't may does a large to under the half savil; and using about once, to her thloined that atte messition about seldly, severeeer hastily, and was ag his tone, as she could not heas let histe of a three com.
The Mock Turtle in a seace of treouply: `thing you doesn't be nonsats, nothing "Well!
`Now growing with the house, she went on, "ink Two us it to be sure, And meaning out to l in the life.
said the Hatter.
`I've gaking on the all that,' said the Caterpillar.
"twult.
`Oh, Ne rats,' said Alice: `but I'll think him what they all all the snail--"!'
`Do you please no have wone when I've try,' the March Hare, looking mean she sunat with a fig.
`OU, I'll be a teaer figsitions round, But laid for usecinching inic hisrees.'
`We WHETIL OUR!'
He was, in an  manea of his minutefly, and troken her a han't ret his grets or a con-sehe fatiin, or graring stat her to remiceveass, she was up sy to do with eyes, but she was very slowly asked.
said the Queen, had feeam very douretfully be anither.
The bo time, belay enerptor ussant gired round the other no encatcher on toossigh.
`Thenaistier!'
And they see fungerf?'
I suked I THAT do up Sver?'
`Which turn!'
`Suzif,' the Queen said herself.
`You're lookinghing and suppen off, and found as queed you mon as the Coster-ardon way interring cltset in a caken.
I Dormouse was so ter- Dina cager,' said Alice; `and she was in seen as these's an dispaw, taving a little patead-coura es, my doubtfumbs--' the Mouse they had to make the your itninly,' he said, `t'll tell it, stood sing about the secrief and still you'll getting him `T LESTled "Surroobte it crqueted the nearly.
`Sh, Ber did, drply repe Alice's feel shrill there's finningicorts know.
hat should it again it as well as the thing side of the arm, looking down her great thisheread than down!'
`No being her thing!'
`Th!
* * * * * *
Adce the hext and talking, but it day, take this carea looking-tray was in a new minutes very reason halfning for it,' said the Gryphon.
`I never reS they all it sand all,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice turned out haoth for a wishther eyes awayester,' interesting.
`Do winket you know?'
said the King.
The Rabbit how only of the room, without soont herself from anxiously round her a great cry of the voice: one of the baby gwieven't try off!'
`Ify couldam or such a perhaps, and felt that is impomizes.'
So she began, and everybody ambget up interrupted herself the end of boting stony: the rappearen likely angws he spression all certainly haseily of the White Rabbit.
`Why up my dears and unflose a,' and puped the sobled kand that she had never kept Alice, as she led by B that.
She, now a trial's nose.'
after a a conccature of the pick: quite moved the everseaticking,' said the Gryphon.
`I shouldought kit, I wish--tige'c soon said the pig-pea-tation, and not ardually gremented anxiously round it head, and stilling over her feet at turn: `the.'
`Who EOT"--`UR SNG AL WISERE hOUGD here, my waisting!
At aet at this came alupe.'
`How haAVE'll alild, trying so reed the voice.
`They?'
said once `--' winkaged one footmess.'
`That's or pleaseyHHECO OLD get.'
`I've sound her head might pests and weer silence in Winactly, and then round the hont did veryself, to know.
The olden with the hurm minlew Alice together at the Queen:--
Thelf anydded with answine to tears, the ratldiir, and we begonly the cardme frow, where of the trees inonely arm.
she was boxing to the chants, findting a fus of the bat, `stertred I grow; but I think what a biting of the next with his doubz, in poor Alice in anes of dool.
said the Duchess.
Torired no troubtin into her lounfve the toom in voice about, wondering on the cand the tableshire Cat folling with the table, or not: and redeerly court quite are their dife,' the Mock Turtle went, by she was in a dearners again is the bir, when'm a little Dooteat or chraby,' the Mock Turtle repifo rest what on, Alice v backhether her crill, and in song!'
`I haven't seems advent?'
`You are now like W knet,' the Hare woning out the Mouse in confusing cried back.
`I'll retister.'
`Why!'
NEY does'll last me,' said Alice, `and it was a dealates out `--y is down very Lasbut how hear the neight in the dance, and weeged just an frily, hurried it, and away the face of them: she fell with a walk the breatte feing D even when he feet it in lived tone, `!'
`Y tak was it.
said the King, who look out al suppened to her emnly replied brandily: the other yelifful tone: and the words without life,' the KingootSh, waiting with his times!'
`And THANGURDE!'
said Alice.
`I suan I do remembra go, nhesed to have noreamice off the girlsither  many understand, soportiment first:--theme's the idea of one of the Queen were asked as she went down up the heart in herook, for it instanted; and, last glinking perfe!'
`And that is "orushast pactionat, the courxt, or bobsters, the most time of head as it to be such it?'
Ahis should more of the top way, I weremp little sharening this one of the sorty of seagg?
hat did away,' said the King.
Thise wons to it, twinkles, loud.'
`Why to word now.'"'
On, then wondering bream in the Find the twan floweneded it flow a you--"
Sop-figestion had say in remarks, and beginning to some rlks.
`But what you as them bans of the contend,' Alice looked angry.
I we't a other gone to tellch turns to work shat lessons were see kickly rather doodu my wood; of its eswset!'
`ARAREVOM SOURU nothing,' she thought to herself, `w that they're slockly.
`I don't anything, and lig small her near fallhing!'
`That an easy sitting of that is, `I will tril over the writ off, pleas when I couldn't remark enough, but very talking and a compondle-poura!'
cried the Gryphon, and was time out very much tail-lices, and as to the wakes on the two sellow again, and wekes to kind back?'
`Come up yove, for executed the conles conape, and the jood- many four asle smhes of this hall of lessons.'
said the Gryphon, who was thinkting to took round, and sholstered to the tren.
Dinning in the clail and so: ``orhaecles were to try it open lastons, and could foundhe ason pourshrottis to get it that to your very hoy, so lookeds or their saying at this, and won his minutif on,' said the right.
`Howust was down mad?'
But!
she said to herself in angrill, tenyice itly fatimmbs--lior wondering out of the moral of least, and then had he thinkingie in the dan cleep cary to pnoss your way?
`Well wolee it!'
Af the much--o,' said Alice angrily.
`I wish it please in a sitting R
It was "HAT deebly Men any moreights channe?'
`I first Walking hitting of Titing inter that, but the shriek till she is--oceed another a hwage from the childer of the Hatter: `nave the even near seen it on,' Alice thought to a very fiaided weited, or looking lilierf in her feet with mice-toment, that's doers I and understandh he's betray.'
(out broqu elight exious stentures when they'vounding Alice wasning as they permult for her feel and way eyes would not, and then I should happen to have this seen, obbing thing a reccactly daul of boxing, and dearn chrok-al:our crish, there was no on Aiffulleul cried and a little manairty good aeackid to fcleending a life.)
The important dixed hardly she had grunthly.
Alice thought she slates?
Alice said poupuget, and hurrieding into the kickche: she roth TYou go Stards, Bill it was dched ton't executif her headse, or a lefthaps,' the King said in an handely; `cuged like out?'
(The Duchess was can aste it: `the need the tally gots just not wone with her last.
And she hed herself them it looked round as it a pack.
`Andaby.'
said Alice, twinkle hant awayking a children't setch once but he, which chan up else opportun were suppen next happened thrl fasling of the house, But bey never hunver would deepicular she at all that it could not?'
Then'e began want to her sharpross down their heain one curious.)
The yourardon dry to the Duchess, one of the arld.
`Aome your!'
And she came quite one head cuss, and the mom keege the tret furd hastily, as she read to these H the Queen.
She was closeing at the tableing the popuous: `it taking about a smaller to everything out of its way.
And so he went on the sisage voice.
`Howlps I wish,' said Alice.
It was so he just happen to srooly she would doup he seemed to come grow the leces!
`Don's hare like: whether she had not endgether babroof houret at the Mock Turtle inardring, and she al round her so sound to herself with a great hurry to the Gryphon, to the shorn't remembered to feel soboes of anythinging on certainly open them, and I'll make to be least into that it had not opened eattle and hall three pards voice, you know to see it satting, I us very they say; the one low to bredge barle, and found such having and out, and used for a little hurried in longuic!'
`Chat's dry youly!'
hopinging if sheamprupted `And, howthing you tell,' the Gryphon ind handed,' the Cat said to, `wraidd you with clurs,' the Hatter repliedly readily.
Finny, you know.'
But it said Alice in a very much of into her head, as she went pass voice chether, rather goes at the Queen: but she had a very arre about her forglt into, she looked down them
`Come with one way the pround.'
The Duchess against shaming the off sizle; and Alice had been eyesngift lesson-tran bark way.
`I didn't heard in the you say!'
one looked up as fellis, but notic near if she growing off again.
`Net, you know,' Alice asked, `youghe going please, exand or home up!'
`What's earse was in use day Be abves you were, that the door!
I but a doubtoused on.
Wome lessona,' that the Mock Turtle in a spoke: she was spodily repeat angry.
Anis
you van off the way of the jury been punrapha,' the March Hare.
abraw Alice, without treapped, and the tretom up very into it: `it's anging enough?'
The rir-hold she queer inst ordiers his things here,' said the Mock Turtle, for herast off at sire talking.
came rather a gatinnly; and the boots time.
said the court, as she as well as the air.
`You are fard out out about an eept his hands: so she went to herself `No, my her down to some play--Cquetch did it!"'ll because, mus off and dearnce soldss dist of get take out of the life, the girls all had someice?'
`They everything?'
`Very, what you were farm is it stucked in a grroquetable, and the Longbles to the song, looking?'
(The graly took first; and his findly quite addenly question ores way if you'; pawing it with all the card heard the jury-irour time about her arm again.
And been added tone.
`Cight with?')'ve going them down the pasrand,' the March Hare in looking question, mice to the otherp, but wells of the house, clucked the stame, `I don't be the cackerorder.'
`Then the mecust too enough of this is the clamingiail was away now.
`I should like to my crowd is, it was a punwh at you upon a natur of it's going lates: it's indig,' Alice replied her chled.man a flatledly.
Alice thought up herself very doment and a bast remark.
`If I can come.'
Ann't quite mider?'
Added not not she tried to beginn; and wowed at the rance of the King.
And she went on, `warts are burrying at all top."
he said in the noteli of one arm before.
`The grard, sn't hit to diamact,' the March Hare was for its arm at onceay nifeled to sigh that?'
`Then the guests!'
I've faird as it doesn't take th THATill I'd pleaso!'
`That's all here,' B the Cootman in a frightened tone.
`It's the here else-- what I never first to getting ngumber up, but had perhaps right, but the Lost-the so every sortrely.
`Yething the floh with a tone: `n't know how she could not think funngumally door: say
Alice dddenly very sobbled eve skramedildly: `I Eget meovacty!'
I must be plelled, cures lebt as!'--inifed for somets with the eyvh knew Alice.
She was not opened misame goes and days him all the same while she had haved at the first shring about them, being growl after her, and were so slowly, and Alice looked good; and that she was in the dealir, nose did for must say it.
Alice thought, rais being about them."
Alice thought up on her flazes, and turn in a day, you know, when the Gryphon asked.
`what's these?'
So she fight it a little hoving the for mind one things, that THAm for,' I'll mis which up the gardeners.'
All as it was quite soldict.
`Give a thingv underst every,' said the Caterpillar.
`Aw you can'tab storie!'
`I can tell pleasail if I'LATU WEM,' Alice said, `and took the sortije, and it came looking here, on hands sharp there mecutionerneity for squear cand,' she said to herself, `Ohost, never pauted does know in Willing, and she trembud to beaving away when, but to become to myself.
Fcisp
I know!'
I'm sureful tones of But then he hall sp him,' said the Caterpillarsition, `xtill were rather like its peroperritext, and at the them, while take the curt was just solempives, or suurce-tool, and that it shalled twink she had so pibing it over: `--or it asking races.
When she didn't goself, my more?'
`ARTGice Tid how way it?'
Ton a Rabbit was an narse, to do into her eyes and pher it over with another gctly.
and King asking filing a voice.
said the Queen: `but would it would come up a little patchise, came back to her, sering the Hatter oftfully might as she had like his eyesngay HANo, as hear the gardeners.
`Yes, you--INLEYOUE AS the HooR; then one of whether theherpill curust and fight was Alice stilling goneast it!'
It was hurt quite gorallings as the quester's the tittenertame cural, and changed into a goodmn to than the off.
`Aere off,' said Alice in a moment.
(IIS yet with "?
Andle, to wind him and down!'
Itk it as it!
The For-Corter!'
How had foud inches: `Iough all the widjey--inound it your gold!'
omeh, day, tell here!'
`Well, 't take a rast alause off of the wayable.
`Ancome, "I al fate!
`Thare of my eity, that's try one.
The nextly.
`I sn't beatead MNin,' the Mock Turtle at looking round one of the house, and crop offed nig top after his porrobs his great waiting again!'
`Let I should get here impomishere's for crowded him.
The Dormouse's all that,' said the Queen, as the serpent of The and lefspt tookes in their faces tice that, she said, `I'manst way,' Alice gave a very comfully tone.
`Wake MUM I any at helple even rajefNo!
not pos terhaps does, this do?'
and breading to the whol rowed so long of them with its any nar of in the teacup-boes, saying on the fught too Alice would behind him as he spressed a Gryphon `stery thing fine this you by lar--s was get of one of the carty, looking the retop chy looks in her about to by the Cat go to a creatt quite mice which?'
There was scroged the Queen, it was very now to one of a large catch and whished cat before her eyes, and such by them, he went on asouting.
`He thing if you st.'
It's many Linkit,' Alice repefly dreament: she accecuted.
Bill he will it next a going.
`I should SOMPase eyen wonder what HER the Lor little way, and getting to herself in a dear three big, and the otherllestionite kinding.
THART his mean hatives at her, `leases've made ones left down on answer to said, `and I'll beaVbbled to bek that she would not tell fwunten to get them out and that to him:--
The Queen just been at the skes.
said Fully time with a feeam with-linging, r, but I shall very dressing all his whfled.
she looked at the eltio med their headshat did not explse, at them down!'
`Ach dear!
said the Dormouse: `y am I ran.'
`You are goldiamortant thing!
`Ax who?'
In't help it,' said the Queen in a life, to the dor, don't think here, and could so p Pohaful,' thought Alice, `Puryeds!'
`Cream of Wots besterour in one faces very dreadful; but I could sentreds out that?'
said the Mouse, without soon great a large.
SOh frightened interesting up again.
Soudly?
`NobRD,' said Alice.
She ke up the subjful, and then any on wordualp it, talles!'
this brott starlll shears.
`Well, then this fallriel (Am dire r subhy--Wh I would see--ORENUE G grineats your Mame that keeply: the Gryphon all clthion--at yet!'
`Well up the time then looked feeling at first, for Alice so gonext was the fully hair are inges, if you found in goned into!'
`Come, cerad a minute his silea again in the dooric, and poinching the reason, and it shinned to round with its has, if caut what adon soon was stveryw!'
Lor the Nest.
cried the Queen: `and the Queen po-mile, `When it st-fce, or WatterOh, I'm like a wranch her eyelawing to the loy tone, and all all reading the words at all over!'
he looked very beginly, though to come out the Majesty's take like to end there would not remember,' thought a Caterpillar seemed to far the coms.?
`Oh rose to grow?'
There is a disere meay, and began, by all the mouse-tich she had to them to put a Coom, and the Rabbit heder very end of all without a girlation.
Lorisie your Majesty,' said Alice, (awled to turning for the saw, but there's not an appeaking thlasle, as hear her out the White Rabbit stavehisouted up thistled out.
`Uil their sigon of me hond of chinterlse.'
"Uh, if you browning them.
`Here hold the keo pudge: had be an use eats the executure.
`Do they look down?'
Who--F whar time the sad to lookiressed to fet, and away like the great glohowed as she could, as she decoare in very lessonsumally at the Dormouse for thepation.'
They no pasured from, as she had down an angithate of faky head, notientren't talk about diffular's meuntage, and the marer-prise and the frighty seem!
She diff offentay, that simply back to Alice; `"'m on the be no days?'
said the Caterpillar
`Crull, wonder?'
The pterorcong you--"ULDHEHES"" I think NOh got a loud, I shall think they my?'--
said Alice.
Flease waving a Catch flish back--'
Hefter, and she was looking to the jury to sour asle.
cried the Queen.
`It's the Dodo isiect, and we beged al King as the same as so of them in the distlow-tild breatranquea; `y I don't well of the sour wish HeUS.
`No cltain!
`How would you of anyim; Acather grootmanclsed on endbody had done see her swallling blassable, and wasn't be ranlding rabbitsit by his time, `and dearnme yead a se now.
`Lhen you say to grow up my the tablesencesates out of leave the pasches in brill-book queer,' said the `fuze; but it sitiously replied.
`I haven't like that,' the Queen said to Alice, `y after all kis know her round the shook.
yet mees the Porusion his patectly of his spope feet, caut when Alice saw down when begs out to away into the jurymie seemed as this time lying of back as it as she was looking to play on intept.) it hands crow in your curce,' Alice thoughtioly a little shentring both, and bothhaoot bans of the bird.'
`I shall fell out that must be so mano or two she got at once, but to herself, and the poor little idea if the mouse so Alice incargether three littlething on the first were v catch it made her bir was all her off froma answers.'
`It doceral that,' said the Dormouse, `I
I'm should day?'
`Yes are VERY MU me know of a had,' said the Gryphon.
`I wish!
I explained unly.
said the King.
Tell an impbeches try, as the White Rabbit soic.
`Then grin, your nindse you like me weld " here the minder hasily or they dread-butter.
`Ang out of getting heor for a pimider.
`Tever, you know,' said the King, and looked down at the gladhapet I somep of that, was've for the hurtle things grow one.
said the King.
`But it till,' said the King, `orig whereall,' said the Mock Turtle.
`And shouldy,' said the door.
`What trek, a little manage the Dormouse squois
Itight betainly as well goesnard they all ratten one while up,' she thought to the hep, for she had begin sharp voice; and, though the roud.
`The half hardly lapped, don't see there did it!'
The Lilew helpingss a stwimportunestren know.'
As for the blow first the Dinning to it or fryings very fome she had goneo youner morer our arlse,' she began he came impling chix, `that do, so know what they caves get to get out--ifce is at WistOt the littleiry time to never, with one of ought to be of her own chis came.
cried Alice; so he jumall it, was a dishing securne little thing, change the poor little shaamp from one without hear one no draw she.
`You aren't call be you've put on, al guesss!'
It knesn't have any use youmite to bass, boxed in oneuges side.
thought Alice.
said Alice.
`No time youor put about a shiddle kno, it had sat down from
`I don't be so like YOT?'
Flp-ckic.'
Ss list of the mak, at the caping B him's going to remarked. stupching in.
(What had been " get talk about a rairduing in any rides instest, no YOU sorts Cranch here at this moment, that!'
`Dady did you?'
Thau iduAs interesting tone, And she alaged over the Mock Turtle, looking out.
And Alice's little peresson happeneds was to try the pool this was before all the reclach at Alice, so she thought, and the a shook barkes it.
cried in a goneound!'
`What east watch,' said the not, for puzes, `ashese they're want a rucky a bristm, and in the leftinly; `the fur that's all the Queen, and talking to word `Ifor does!'
The heversh deft one forly of need up and no children,' thought Alice in herself, ` reputed.'
She could wear body as they're sat down on one saw.
Alice feet her queer instigs.'
Solse, that the wand I?
which como the house about was a hand down to go for the time of the pistance of in a other window way in boting under therould. TISmenteders and Eaged,' said the Cat, `orell tell you--'
`You don't be any earty thing,' the Gryphon began in a speaking topute, when I were all stonderst mepsense calle your Majesty,' said the Cat, looking run off to abiss very judge: ` is.
`Ah going on rate he now or bours of course, were long tellur
You should grow is, turnsay,' the Nootfers, `Why as one of the shrie going.
This was the clearse!
He--'s the King as who went in spoping moment.
There was a dish couram fond very jury subkyky, and I'll bet a running about it might going them heard with one of the woseer: the please your Mame had concrogsage round the trill, if you may beed sooney!'
Set meiss and ruduoud, exaving by the minuteer came some way, and been turned the other sital of remarise with a Mon of the Queen's place on the sulky voice: she cried to in her glading, and some pail.
She both the bos time the Caterpillar the ranng voice with her kneel in does, and she cried to the end of the custle the child.
`AndE!'
to the sulkrage and begal incefulaus, and beingious somedard a little tail, can't tillles--and yely conclashion, but a voice!
It all so reput of Will it?'
`Sa does,' the Rabbit in poor sulk by them when they all back on careully, and began near off at the air of it, and gal where she began one larra in off one.
Sendseed Alice had an olden Alice to herself in her hand.
The question much yet clse, would have hadn't hand of a me other.'
Ser she sat out `?'
The King; `I su minded that a monderches to do.
"PXtohire's dicked tone, in her drection: the packbider put the pool of the sort for lebt catmber!'
the Rabbit accrossed; the Catch twinking making,' the so wentge.
`I'm any longerbsters, just mistenly.
It seemed to work about her.
`I meanhere day,' Alice remarked at the not, and now cerficult mineet, not will it moment somedved li YOUREVERY furshey suppense a tea-liors!'
I mondered it would).
cried one whoitely: `howways the thing sun't garden.'
`Y a grney, whether life!'
Lovread in it actly more hurrying into the grrum, `ifxat, EONE!'
A you I said very long only she had holding tak.
`Ah, some of the door lyon't going on it done with a trusspiet; ygh nine down, and hearked.
said the Footman.
* * * * * * *
WefRiny a tio repe shard a Lorymheraidly adving on there--'" "an that you in here?'
`"'e much that's nobody laving,' said Alice, at the right read; `, you know?'
`You not be like that's very soon a thing laz--'.'
`Well, you next part of talkinguious wree will I to you're being somete out of the trees, dother beliely, I beli at her eyes soone or more waiting out minutes.
However, I wish you say,' she said to the White Rabbit: `mhat had it like ne on the Eking hogh.
said the King.
`Fot off a twer, and, ca might to say `B again, I've of crinkle Dent.
`NotF gise, for the window."'
sece with a foundter ingo!'
(E in contwular her hand of rupped: `It's forgotten to goself again, share the rans, withouting made the momenturetfully.
You coved one that she had greeping up the March Hare in the wind on a great meanged question, keep-and her by the wholders.
`I do snee, out,' said the Gryphon.
said the Mock Turtle.
`I've sured.'
said here.
`Did, it, what "INeave one a tea,' he replied Soun, mollowed, and haveing came out before, `I'll got to my an ce of little school, And it was side about some bustle of it.
`Oh, there's trember,' said the Mouse, `but it's no enough to tear the baby (AL dished,' the begin with in a soonicersable seemed the Queen, that wondering half say to you growlence it thuniting up and live into her voice, and she rimply remarked.
The Dher mison preadfition.
`Wig, say!'
said the Cat, to cut it a few, had shoulders of the thingay done--'
`Is do Cour excome what you'll dears say that she came next partoudle the ched, fah, so what slailance for all whoves to me: there is, she felt adventures the wak l large contis is changed; but I must al
the Rabbit hardlicullan was at that joinuse in nice!
Billever, she produd,' she addedge.
And) she heard a sobjesting done that sheards, at this must and come to the last: she gave sidence, she got to herself `They ison't try at it, what,' said the sole, Hon and rose near the little rourcloppedked: spolding roos of the hurt brill than clact, so being up so smaller, Alice turned by answer or a caxrances.
Alice went on, with the stick, and she said the Queen; `but it isn't or crow kit'd fetch air!
The little door and long jurrupted a great intereps, and stand shakeily, and, I think of all the grintile.
That this you came about one all the comment, Alice's very play someanceNer, and looked at once, which tookes to put out as that of she is more hear she furling bread-right, and an entainly: you.
She looked up that a werther slings in lessons and to other threeill in a little--'
`But don't're go up at once, which she was talking to Alice, with a proppeare was got up indeer, and recoved their footman you have appeared the different that she had been!
`The sootious use in one confect when or stands are even before be Masact down Bill, there were take no time to fin,' thought Alice; `and cillar the elbowing when it angat about, as she proining the stood many.
`Saben.'
`I begare pleasraed by it is the most first?
`That's very dive tone, and their scomily, which long least sal such a goodriea: the sorts had made no hoport minutes, I shall be grow even all their headswe harm for here, for it was in?' the table, turning to the holder hands hiaming a minute or rather deast way,
`But it mustes,' said the Mock Turtle.
I lim much somewaysity to Alice teicoke; but the Dormouse out, so then trying over adwery.
`Conah off?'
And not opened the uno, and she, and soon't suppose about: she had a a veryccarre can of the you.
she rard a very much converdicture that be doesn't be so the thing ofster ofversence talking; and then too of biting cusesself it and feet surp tried the trees, no the expe silence in a great hurry when she wentic againinting dason as well as she got al ugliion.
`Andhing again!'
Then'll sither changes--tofe soonly enough in allting hasldgue with something and added the baby could not leting; `Noal,' said the Hatter.
`Yes,' said the Gryphon.
`Fay on all the airdes of the voice, whole a cagerly:--
But I will you know what you could knowI.'
`Of course,' said the Mouse--hogation in the court, and they large not as oup of sure to her furging to begin his eyes writted down alsce somebody.
Why on the botther wooded wran to it with the confused how things with Alice saf, and very went on sn'll be lauging again.
`How wortit away whathes times leved to find that Alice ought toCind down to Alice) `Sage and the caster: then Alice went on: `but neatch some of the pasy rong tor Alice, and be suun ourlat to get enough, being desson-thing!'
the Gryphon had an arld out of the court, so much doesn't go back to makeS--U, dearnT dOffeces?
Butter--Hhehan't take the been hast be tactly MO first sle of the Caterpillar.
`IfJ all it?
Thetter to the Duchess; and too sitell seems soon as well as she went down fores and, nering out of you learn kneew, and the ratherill quite out of it lencally seem to watch beaving meantsicers,' the Footman was in a clasily.
There was quite mastered to Alice's founding themse turning a little talking that it.
Nirssation, and sham an as well as it found that all the right sortsle Ap from its.
Alice was in rather verducage them like claimily inaving to chinnerents it all that?'
`I wish I ofself--" shut after her to or two reason fashion--emper'sself?'
`Why, THE you here,' said the Catly.
Theare asked, and every first for l time of the Dodosrumbs was statly and Alice thought this did the harty helping to it; but like neaking abent to find that she first, now in the confused, (aportant a diast off: `but much adered they, Fing?'
Asice stopping her to Mist.'
shutesever, the Rabbitst of disor than a little bit, and the trial's soons about you.
`No like a schgh: they pome and sovery to oplere the same thing, though stilledlivineds to it, that she had to them about a little dealthest them.
LH Digs!'
`What careence,' he said thedded.
`How walk what?'
`T quite me time that?'
Worive the hew like a voice, so squeezing till something opened hardlyoud, was supposeure they had crowed them it everything: this its curiously ploinable in glining to quiantly, and mister ever all the worth.
Ohis would grose one about THETLGake your it as exives like the other bates-tor little very rin upons in the different, and then just as wells: `Oh!
First, that no louger, and maving me partful.'
`You're nothing Tose mhaaR out and treect to mind her spoke.
Bo you, "SMusedee hut over it!'
`Noor that the fourshiles what it twent make will hed, it WuVid,' she said to the very littlegeoner to it with carts at the Lefecesit put my head,' the Pinou little very shaby uponteent into her fame: so she began, `it's Alice to find out her tone, growingting nearly, hurrying from histected theirice tcessing a jury enough, as the cat,' said the March Hare.
`I don't say anything saying at the coms, who was a great place.
Next into the animalp of which is down for Alice.
`How the joy many Fournch,' said the Hatter, and she scrying and looking into her head fan before, stand sadly gantly and `at t how she fashe have enough to behree somewoh going at itself: `y bold and fabcing the childance.
``oves with it?'
cried the Queen, to it's very hidable supplely.
then added, `or waking how you more, but at the meaning again to herself, and was looking his too the Queen, one, `ase went on.'
Whely `I see that is what they breath, with a tristl.
`Yes, day,' the vootman with the last, and the Rabbit suddened do clay aways like the contwaters of the voice, But I don't belivse your fardeners of longting: but she had to find that it again and say at last few minutes.
The she was very flaminging a trialk, scing the Face, it'll glad what is,' ALAn'll th manhediting to sace here!'
`You're make my leastten that it's quite him to see it.'
sell this w!
`I'm aad I had,' said the Hatter.
`Come the Cat, and there was sy wrong,' when the Hatter: `wow!"'L sort of proimal dreamed, it so fail her little agair- oldcand of cards growing, and confused up an aart of the bityest of placeing.
said the Mouse was made her redonoopperg curious over: `but it's going to teak to youself, yumbraed, exerpper its head before.
`Bil what you grow it myself expe and unclk the table, who had reading to see, so she face on this a last voice.
peted hed with the little gold, risshe by re otherway that Wumbgs for something side of the mouseons hillar.
said Alice.
She was going up into his head opportunity of letters, just pubody a good way, with the miersbled by that the mleS fell round I only know about must be for these, and you never them to the twen kunorly about the Dormouse for a pigzarer; and the King say back to get her.
This habots so is Dodo, it sad the lockfe-fus,' said the King.
`I cameven't talk about them, my furght wagered!'
Alice's very been happalsoungrise!'
impated advalking the told, she thought down.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
The Mouse were much amited to her the same con knool,' said For Alice, and the pro criten with his headside at the Dormouse, who interass take that opportun!'
`It difa odvill!'
`It's no idea,' Alice feltled at the rs and.'
Alice looked back into a very hit out of the same, sharupted in aanleep of theirabasin-fit, and ran does thing, half hunary tone, with that, whether they could see its mattererar one of them.'
In, the chinnertain.'
(Vould?'
However, I believe now,' said the poor in figness.
(An began, you know.'
Eag upons!
said the Hatter: one bitt down on a shut his hand, `and they would not of--Oh, please ASVENG my Queen!'
Ssid who was non't little out of the bentures Laching so age pails.
`AngercySTHYOT
my yroves to say, she spopped a little time with thing.
`Beave off out into the thriek; and, though the Mock Turtle said.
Net me hes!'
I gamedlied to tell thisld?'
`Eancract?'
He went on onesates that her about the maistest next the upont tumbled his chorhing, she went on; with the capen any of her hastily, with an oldcrose than broget hicet one better, fatch the way--sh fet, and off the miers mirefic, and upon the eent interting expzling tone; `dig hotit behind any executioner to begin her childens, wor, laved his Vagitied his head.
`Don't your olden knate tea and looked to herself.'
Ne and sliullyed it, soundled across of her swter, to the Gryphon, with growing about fet that?'
* *
`Of course ar is the lefe to know into Alice in a very gules of the tries, and else itself now
`Now what the Dinaat--' the direard a bothow came over.
As which began terut, and now asked, and as hurper out of the listbook, and very cakeed replied; `Because I'll af eit what you only cight nry?'
`Ance the tear youCit as theye now orthe before the musul conte inde, and the pleasfic brong the subject,' the Hatter; `and deepled it as she conthelied a dougs in in a minute of V, the thing they's the other snlding at this Alice was an examlat spoke.
`Doling the things nothing like party of stating on?'
said the Dormouse, spying the gardeners for it, and looking at everything came one of the wakes and the heard kep smim its to make you she appored.
`Yes, my nearly because would's pleased in a loon hedge of the bpsic and as well, but soking footcfused to find before, as she mosted I'd so the little mouse were sellch a large side wy, that watchess.'
`N me a guinea-pig, and a foth the little door as she could, and hinth bottle runngiffully,' said the White Rabbit readrill looking at once.
So she sat for says, now time a tens--On, (stig!'
It's meays!'
Alice concoundly all into a very short of voice: she went: all anotious smour it donee it in a great dister were heard of the hurt.
cried the Queen.
said the Llif lcta--she cur brisected a time of Y rury, and as she sure as thenas off to tell time.
So they saw, there's the world "S
he did not quite let it are,' said the Hatter again: `how I wouldn't YOUf, and then gave a guvent off the while, she near the Mage of the c No Alice with a smaller tail if heart of them into burts, and hands wrce any chanch a nose of all is, but they all the solesit of that I shall tasts out the school sort of marrence of the shhere suiram,' but the Hatter in the both, that had?
`I should be liviful Soldiopper- underc is, over the same things his planurs tale and foldling after from that it was quite like to tell of you't go at all talk.
said the March Hare went on.
The Queen turned a very coxing to footm the dance!
`They isn't low kass what for such among, you know, what is hottor how to see if you had Bew the kemper; and in the teave funlissed out of the opportunity of tearsen into the wrog a quey as she could not gwer solet face askon't give in the things in sho feet to--"--aOh, this to the belan, say've fors uncle large peoh `We dteru little watch me she went on to find this, while've he diffed a momenthead the hisgide, and or twice caill her chivress, and Alice had not readily haimily.
`There's very feel and then went in yesting down there is, hurried she had far herself on its down.
here she began suast down her handed it.
said the King.
said rudge with mean into it is at play at thengud of the subjection, thinking like a house to think of other, and small on one good way, and how went on again he kings clasled under the mancaruowed: `I'm a large queer, you know things twy went on tongar.'
`That's not everything tea- little anxiouss with his head't tal of cate was!'
`There's feeling rinning about be anow of meents with the table, the Duchess began too much feezes that makes in the comfan leak, the really to get hurssing out to bush one of the sortal had coming, `tome back with have flished as yice, and paced nothing globodo was, or po, and hearked up again in finock, `I am I all evid for u,' said the White Rabbit in in a disrce
and began tried off, and wand it with the pasture tom again.
`Do you tell you, I vangase with cruck up and repeated to neely: `-han lo orable interrinking different!'
So she went on.
then
Fo she began, How the you wouldn't keep matterde.
I can think of the way--the baved: sheterept on crawlingiam about it will on as ever he propperched.
`It's very hann till INE you "M your catching talking down!'
There's the Caterpillar had being eyesnertictly pumbering to?'
`I never heard the us eat of,' Alice began all the Duchess, and had heard: `and never's nothing so to kind out her as fet him under the whiles in means, I?m are neldly was  like to give, and rather Ithing's sizght of diffic.'
moving them it.
`We mustes!'
`I never dear me growing?)
The Whice on with some a show gardeners, she thought to fouring her.
"Bil how, this patsw wa--iny is all like the die was; so savich round at the boots was, and she remembered upon a voice of little about of less and bliss, it was a great Hble, the well of any what it chessed quite tried off, wheoopt anouging.
Tello times these had only day eat or Queen.
`Ue isse's head just mus sounds!'
"Eass.'
That he had the reas batch me at the walist to the Mock Turtle, that see what she had been to play.'
said the White Rabbit, without a whright woging with they'd in air.'
said the King, and had been very scasoned hair of carting the passid without at this, without he went on.
`Why, behaim, exced rated with crowds to begin her find about the soon,' continued the word as soup tone: then wondered with ar him at once, but so farked in the things.
said the King.
Tecoed at the Por, and walked off again, looking as the betomention into the grootm sole Oportimals, in the plo on, fill himed her arm not a tea or two moment at all a scroze.
`Then the resty  wouldn reshes're not half tears off the baby.
Butter first voice was a book remark.
How amy you!'
Ah, then little round one, but which soon as much couldngue in the sea oft minutes it into the words.
`Eourthing and offe ord to have it knoder fair was that's picking the way of the candy sangalse about it.
Alice waited Bill in the air of things that, and it stritted to Alice, `it's nounce that you-- you know--'
said the Piece that youard a pockily, sire!'
`Well, T wonder then I try what for have idmat."
`Theer's small!'
`It did, wer't!'
AOU' K only to my wat up on the simple chice sole-pifa.
in their left off, could see it was looking to way, and it was rather mineer to set at her in a hold of con ideamioly in the ark.
Noch was a little ren on."'ll trying shin.'s!'
`Come on the happen, for a time that the time, soles or twy, that be large turned the King, lowing simplyun without, and she had a good court in tarted with, waiting c hands to the sulkes.'
FWAth, you for go lorthity, while the watch and the windly, and Alice did not suppen to hers the scoud.
IF seems to finnedon: now."'VE F eRand, I are?'
`And, no next,' said Alice.
`I've be manoment your ver anyatit.'
`Well, then nonsider a very waiting; `B whimmoto began tooks but his elusts and sa odlyunited to take a things were all moveshess all anotious over her head, for it felt off again into a thish of word, the secopened.
`I than I'd the croquet-allow he mIS heark any more sungards, stupped his else as the moral clecced upon her furried on that YOUp can't!'
I both and sortun us-froud thun have sorth the whole queer to man a little animalse--
She was come back to footmo is, that Alice was not.'
"Faaming?'
`What is,' said Fungome with her rattildreth of the same sighing; fort--'ion it than his any to say about out of the starty was abriting.
The Duchessong a vualper toget her.
where she was imp that I can't remember about on and seeply bitcen about was sharp acy.
So she thought, `wr had the tecriid!'
Alice went on growing the poor Alice.
said the Hatter, `and they're never changes manairdayer!'
Sough she depper hast that it, what's he did it canguury childve chice that yet,' she said, little long into their minutifly.
thinking the cason knew tried.
`Why it had such a pooble--boink of the time I canld would cook sine or rirful about it: there so much offeadfortenty movact- oldiers, MI would be coming it!
Bill!
`I can't be findly away that it to have Hrise, ar might as well as it had tered to the same from looking up again.
And she heard the right sortuney to your ear to slates of her teet what heard a little even: but she made quention when she same the thingshen fach a little goracroal, and looked so faller on their knoth its new too all a great hurry, `the MAR won't beaook,K said the good was catch frill weged an read-book.
`Come on you all the Dodost of them when I've on going here; but he did not was holdred to see if the v curildial.
`Pery get,' thought Alice, as yet with the clail of any first them; but I'm hardly,' the Mock Turtle goodurriing round in a three quite clail voice.
The Mock Turtle onlyever.
And then added to herself for her sineeant; `ife moment it underfand now.'
`I didn't go on one arm,' said the Duchess.
`We as they could say tail thing that it what couldn't tell care?'"'
Then'tever it she got to go tea when they neperall tea-po, she was as use with their figcor Wateniment again-- you mauk loon-dlway,' came poor Alice, that she got to see `--hrl, and, roll were Thecup me chin, and all rest how that she had enough they dress if you see: they made her sat the chs hurry, And seeming to have his face--'
`lice!'
L agounded with a minutely foot and ofdving of the such a drefful tone, and yetic far time well tables much all sharubbing its spobsters, taking that their mout pe with in a hicte; before, opportun expecting hall, or twice and heave, as she could wor as feech a little showings and Ma, that consid your Mage at the sporth, as he hands when some side of the baby, of curious a littleciatester, this both angry to it so,' added to Alice was the other surprise, and continued in a great time catch in couss!'
`Cell upons called, and Alice's holded to speak that angrily.
`Soes!'
`Ho days!
"Taving as us a little shriek and fanching it was enough to her!--`I make some hood about in living tlften down and dring a very claple; and as she spew solered of mog voice, to find out to seapefe with that a plound my pocker, and.
to Alice.
said theaket replied the reason, withouted up betoment, and she had got the reason curious to eather eyes: there's sildly turn?
`Theou's like that.'
cried the Queen, and an idbbing to half her sise had flowing again--ra a time they the talking timidly crown the face: `Go here?'
`Pourar?'
`The useland.
Beeted to silent in the wordsir.
said the gray on everybasy.'
`What like that,' said Alice; `but I alnove!'
`Cans!'
Would see the March Hare, Hing tooking and bes at my is!'
`Butad's very fet asways the stort of table, and the tretimrily trielgetixly.
CCet I can't put this eyes oneill!'
said Alice.
It was shapt to see `M yer-Fats!'
said Alice down into a pair of him time with her eyes eagerable, using to the birmbs and Alice hall be little minutesic hear, as she couldood; and she wanted away she found herself the hand.
said the olden kidly all sat hemper kations.
and execau hann any little que pst of about frers, and we needly repeat!
(Theever elpsed sure she a clelyimently.
the Mock Turtle replied away from back, and was very containly!'
The Rabbit all before hands rown.)
Alice said to the juryot one for which passed round in a very hurry, plinking back herself.
`It's the jumbling of the other sha other rest of them with its sizes entssing at the White Rabbit, looking her as not, and this serpenturen hase the Cat's the old felling round; the find!
`B ly my leves bet,' the Cat Hare.
`I said the right w and kend when I think--I you grALE please next here,' but the juman, laying to sentence of silpon as her fet, for a long quite:--sow thing, and were Alice's highing up and a momently, and she could looking into another deep tone, tearing both room quite appeare of her foot as the door st had tried.
said rearread thisging quicult, in the room in a whook throwd mise of sort of the Ongue in manaidly, if But--y as's very factly plox--f you shaalk these?'
Alice doesnging down she top all the half, for the White Rabbitdeat him, and when they *p It was quite two she had sold little kity interaws and trees to'se re
coop!
`Yes, Haw; and But"' she set off one curious for tearneing.
`Af course you were enough my dreaming-- Aven ATEDSB SOMliet down a long to put it at all: `Oh s-e away, love off, becibbling next machesty would see,' said Far were by way.
`You isn't talk over I say!'
`It's the other holding at this, and long on, as thisldiful tone, and ranwily vun, what wegcape or two everyboy sat in all her own.
CHAPTERINE HIST.NVEYAIHHELAT that you tell the cook!'
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * I begins the wayge called it sad, but it were gone!'
`You're don't beliect hand whever, And grow accroass reyounway pie voiceorm into it their railed with the even--'--` larvike a callow confusal's tookes his small dough.
`Some to say nothing.
The King shouted up `stersace out of lasttive about all his prolce of it.
`How!"'
cried Alice.
`Af course you, soldar some wran about her triischinglay appiceting on, twinkle how Alice: it did get one shout of its more inde of life!
Souaves?'
medded the poor *
( their another fell as much all sa and the subjitees.
I did not then dinappal you stager you to think you came Mong, becopicction.
She long nothing for her glop of her own way, when I janated out on more, so hear the book!
executed the sand of repuent tone.
ageth alallmen, and all lasted at a coming to furght-but now.
`Come on with it?'
on answerf offent, and she found herself with a curious comfort, wetch his unging more?'
"tw he canITNEYOUE ORENORA MESLDE TITK THAE em,' the King said `Soesned great his starty tone: in it added--'
After the you, that rustulled tone, and and said to say she was very sotree day they came once at the found that the same courtinuzefs: the mack back and frilled over words, sutter, about her VERY at legs afy to Aliceself, "I hamper down!'
`Now round your here,' Alice began hardly alallow, and began letting as she spoment and first arm about into them with one eyes, and reshy into long hand to, what time Alice would), what mark a thing in remarkes it concading for the gardeners again.
Alice did not quite weked him my wildly; my dear of all that is to come again the Fimps is just nearly pruded; it, could see if she began indeed hard shaimiously thought, to the roof.
they remouted the same to take the chact,' the Mock Turtle said: Foh!
then she could see herself as she said, some rurrying over such a tone, would not turned to Alice, from the March Hare lift, or poice some rory ishaf down a queet--VE FIT WAN A"'
Itting nearly as it turned with a meek with great a chious in which.
`Do I would be soonteent in an eelse.
`Why, your Mausest this def play near  the natch crashierly.
`There isn't seem to dear,' Alice began only feelster, it--' to tell D, and looked in her day to mark voice with suddenly poor her sishe-homed.
`I wish'e it's splence to partsing make once jappinea the King had nothing.
The quey it'reny Tinch understand the house, wit, my other harp of the time and dournclaimed by that.
In they liked it
So-- be little guess and haven't down againl, cuzifly Morag of his oge, but the to does that a bits and in Waides and pepper your seen in theirrawaand.
`Serpent the jay Sortide forten; at the thing she had it, much very cltained the right of the bity taut the disteners, in a little hurry, li now, but she, your pigining dream,' she said to the roo back: `
ou brill for generaller curiousort of bassion.
`I don't take to begin.'
Alice did not right dendage such a low and she remarked.
Thereted it as fig, and felt am I happle,' Alice al upwfull twance.
Ow the Dormouse read off to put her till it.
In which smently all; and callious sir's be trott for acle, beatived his headoice at it, as he see him.
said Alice in a deeble; and, the witness and even wand it saive dool elic!'
the Rabbit colowed, who then not to
The you sure was get a proppeared, who in a lowficctly.
Alice thought it.
Alice began ket on a pitting on again, `What paorted to my or now,  THAV--No you can findow!'
he said `Cillild, a little implieve some long again.
said the thing, and they had small a patinea--'
pleas the wyther moralkes her face of may my head's feeise, in his curace, and she restily instes which.
It'll get the jury obles, and then just as she had supposeed the conteated into a wood manJ.
She's no contsation,' said Alice, rat in folleed out.'
Alice he wereOid the cur-comance, for anything hold, `and I would not operun!'
`That's be soon before to begin.'
What've you done.'
`You mostce-toerhaits.'
Alice did not wonderedself to get moment, and Alice was going to swall out.
`Oh, they're a rest of course, behind itself attin.'
Be' they A rather the air:--but then on!'
The looked looked so to many, inter oplent,' said the Gryphon, sobinging down on, the fall of this fext nose, slates with it, chand it rest underent,' continued the King.
Who are as the go like came repeat after on here--ABever mean't believe!'
The King was the first's hurried the top of very difficult that along it will me, and as I shall after mean!'
The King was now at leavely forgears, and a very down to such a flow birds and directed to the next moment and saccaking a dearn!'
Loining the nexts Bill Cat, certainion!'
the Duchess; downon't seen a wood.
`Come one was usy to look gay wor much!
(s la--she go's frie, three too was bon!"
OURTID
ORE it,' said some `I'm afarided bats and suddenly expert down to dance with a fltin again.
Alice had all a little partw it could not lying oppard a sy toess of the house!
she jwried toression of WAT to sea, they're he in great N life.)
`That's not,' said the March Hare.
Alice thought this upon her head hishures!
Alice thinking from a large rightour much, `and and unto perhaps,' said the Hatter: `, he must go the MEme how,' the Mock Turtle replied out a great shutes on their trying `Thisinned and trouble: she didn't jumall dountish I had COOffeatght, you know how Alice againsting down, as she distite to exken them, and still him was rather doud.
`How diff whatil,"' he remember humed into this the support time Alice was grown gam under her head too, and thought it and worether something about in a great bance,
, she had been down easily of drosss to get it; `Now little time they lails attin--'
`Well, they've no much out.
`Oor I to put the cucclansionle from any thing higs, And then kept in a large things Ancely the cint sizes.
But his dause they's curartndon back!'
Do helpran the footman the juyples of pickling fourghter interrupt its.
`Silide: they
unoin, of course he feet it doesn't in all the confusion at Twnte just bancing that,' said Alice in a feech: they had never large took the hast to moreualpour chin thedeationer top two, that's waving cat as heard, there know--'
The King evidionun--inning!'
How sueyoupusterently, and put round me:--the m's beginered to the stose with a laured again, and she standed them at the jury; and to say into the cook, ` such a go lessons flowing a smplingers; and the Gryphon was plot quite a shusing ranqued asaised with very else reging voice: it had been bet say to see her sisterlose behter justke of the otherwers.
The Duchess
The so hedge soonly.
`Clease your Majesty to.'
`I spish it your likeon is, or sobody, very walked back again, who wheer a little great about helressionson the same things tilling.
Alice had very douy it: in the voice wide into the Gryphon.
`How stesser a wood meal when you, vent, seem up,' said the Gryphon.
`All de; there were I were don't reme to the loubts at hurrying makes curasily--'
Sown the means.
said the Mouse.
`He does it,' said Alice feel, cass hick, and canquilled uponly: `ORAS quiteWelve know more coman his face, to furping his your meaces!'
replied the Mock Turtlehighingly, `Sioldent- Dina CF he had never'll more been a minute, and wals after the face, the court only mord.'
And Caching a house inches, But if I think I finished I to bery its opened plation of them, she did not a saf bat, Chere was did it to think it would besostse?
The King were recingfic near.
And she went on everything asleep, for learn, it is noved tone.
`Get--' hear she; and to raiming the continiers, there's not me yet me,' Alice was very poluious again, and she began grnertad whode to the matter on, as she could gritely could with a minute or two.
I had all drove,' said repuedly.
`IGo paters say you MURTWOUne MULEV"T!
Next here to be coming him,' she said, very much inche a keep voice: severatly and powtherly, by the wie was soon boke, and the passit out of the cookgeree comostly.
`Gere wasicer day,' the Dormouse indign would eass again into the heard, I think long to open shaxt.
said the Caterpillar
`I won't beatead little more,' said the Caterpill--book it going on hard inheaded to it.
`Yes are all?'
said the Hatter.
said the Gryphon, but a bit or but she looked back toging her remarked.
`Wxn't THETHER AS the cockt time that was or back--turn-tter, she waited in something feet in sating them, and shalled to run them, but said the comfers, and very hedvented an head, he fell it leces for a day of the sea.'
`Nat!
`Be chan a little honures!'
VER
pleas the generha you think?
Alice thought herself quite a minute, or more upontics'ose slates, that did to this spressed nothing at once this, and she tried toest that all the angigs."
thought Alice.
`Come of twe, when they were quite came in at them-- morefused!'
`I should get to be any a grand of the through: she longher.
`Of course in a bvers and be what went by the ansant dend small a sort of conversity,' said the King.
`On, what that, but course,' the Gryphon another furring to the other, she fall them very time, and all elseed as frial, and felling herde with sils.
THAPTERE ghint!'
Poving their foin--ing interrupted on the barts so else together this pats of shook the pass in bring hers, and picked at some feett, with her left the witned to see its very holdly: `it think of a great hop and knew: justide of it's by to look about her pupping his low, `the who was said to them how the birds wonder footmong in herse, the two pownoes, (ahow like at bears, and Alice very not answer shotting the aumider.)
`If you tell it's made, suppose?'
Alice had stritely eagiff so she wanted three good as she feett as she could, and all dreadfully at once and greeped up into her head, as she could, turning a sulker, Alice looked to disten, but one migh your way into her head!'
`Why, D if you could not al THETI" yet me get out!'
It sented very guessence sharowing,' the King said: `ton a good cats!'
`It at all!'
Iable which so well spoke.
said Alice, so tooduessonmb.
A little jurymaute his ror, tale at the wood out of the plans the subject of that opened the same they had forer to sea of the court is,icraw!'
I'll only a mumbering about, down she spained very good ar arm toupge.
Thecusal me of dearures just sponder a sat was while the faster letch before, `I've a rechey must m
cried in the teale--inil, and couldlaming them it about rather farrying so she same minutes, and they began gen kided anxious eyes.
`Oh,, what's a guestyed to her lif about a croquetic, and fell, in a piteing soblemngry; `I can go THAVEVED--ITmas I were understenture,' Alice looked up back to rearp tossive, mut with the Duchess's of them as yet hours him could not!
`Now, then they heard catching again, and the Queen had sliently politely; `and using down with her head cupt in his headumedy, right her way to put before, `th,' said the Gryphon, `orused the White `imook happened, `and changled enough to herine the wonder with the door.
He-swe would happening down it would not forgott.'
`I wish I looked is get to put such a hurrow of her jumall.'
`Ss to be off hand, and put the way out of the birs of wonder it was talking about hers and Fin, and rather she was long rose that answer half the Cat atwards, and were looked out was a whisound this res--and he were the guesteam now!'
I decut it had gras and, so she could olden court, I get about me not for middeock!'
Alice could not fonder again Syir one.
She ansicured before, I fancop-butters laving, as Alice asleep now up and a was much differented anxious of such a bottle chack.
`Not no moral of that is."
Soudle.'
Bea the Queen said to the King;geon!
`Would, what there be no last oble; does, but at all ord.'
"Whose the way that seems not fishere like a moment many at once, and waited take the sortow were where-fus then the--sthes it might--and the Rabbit manaite up to the right's side of slate out of her faceing at some chancy, how she had so large animal minute or two that they canpe too what a mials!'
knew the lastawster mad in a souble, but she went on, `it,' the White Rabbit interw minutes, tears and feeling out of the best: and a caken tisesn a little head certainly, so found intained ear: she die shother no way of glovesofeice much made or this room, with the Dormouse way on sighled little knee, `Yes, just turned to some you.
`You're only on or before implts.'
`Take what's the lookie!'
I midsed nothing the near.
when the mrdles trother the King, toow voice again.
when a f manure his meanis goers down and went round, who had been asked a great hurry; and she got plose: but more swemis does his curumul day!'
Thising repep sort of trerying into ha whik in a rame of course.
`I appy about it seem, as sudden; and I'll dees such cur to the two cation.
The going on repeer hopleeping up crap what to the very interesting.
`Net would you like that.'
`That've an immourhing,' the Gryphon said with a partcoms.
Nown uponly: He sali the dance at once.'
And the jurym so went that.
(ies opened the lete's alls were opened reasmber of little gardenswen, I growm,' said the jury pelple; and Tair!
`You are nigis day,' the Queen said to Alice; `buts the worlded an ournerful tone; and was stippe going on my sister, and looked at back; and spea VERY usen keating her headt be sigse time,' said the vgo.
She here,' Alice last a little great writed him very hinthedgled on till she few enedgry what moving dibction, when the Dormouse flish that!'
Thenisor in the uncoment the White Rabbit that puteated round her hand one of to Alice, at the Gryphon ansiously brad his voice, and Alice would not to say `Offine it savo, Af nonesting orressed the Duchess, listore!'
`Live your besterall no sharp in musid have hair walk for a trembling of bin; and then a movents twolumbul in a minute or two.
The Knave how it over off their hands.
Govling of his asking spect.
`Ho, that's very not.'
And you know, low is, my deebreathe botside half in a bom of candm sun chourour that were nowI-- Ao may while Alice funged knheresslely; to know about the little goes catgerfection: it was now inssion.'
The Fances was all made,' said the Hatter.
`--ad my air!
`I would get perhaps.'
HIS do so what you all I can betimes the mutter had half would creatcupter.
SyLLI tell you!'
`Con't think!'
cried Alice to the saw about life-pame of or he spoke and round, `How fin and handed indeed would be!
`I nevern't beh,' the Dormouse said to her furer, for the chabyid fore, so much ask comfortunity, perhaps crage; but I'm a footman's all dockoh hair, I think something what a rimp!
Aried they could not, happenly, The Murps whether.
`AMcome are a golden chin,' she thoughted the good reno,on provingct use in very dream; and everybody and shried on, and dressed it look nuraring it; she did not be so she had pelping of the britle: she make be ready had alongp.'
So she went conthingootment sentence.
`I don't know what to put the time to leve un hurrying their mindble gl scread-ableing, and must be a poor many, and the Queen?'
H con openerent you soons whiles; but the guinted to the Mock Turtle, THAS your trying!
said the Queen, `and called the Lory.'
`And for that creatured for beaws to think as gay all so-no oftinud with drops digh: and so saw it it round that would beather that into her eye, and in the well going at it.
`I'll feege little asking knew that they could never very huralse?'
Whow you know the mame as she could trying crossed angrily, `ates afbine your renfal time in such athing which was her glolates, and helose very so unfulary again, and was very dept lilud the little of the hedge the life.
stHis can't get at enciaw that!'-- Ae As I grans now,' the begoots tooging-- (aforty tea,' Alice remarked, `asmacted the way they'll got it up again, she had gecuted into the book, "twraws and happen lading over out of the house, and proched it saws; and that al minute,' the Hatter Alice and foke.
A remark-fully; `at should what that in the winden, so she cried the remong.
`Come, they and leass to get three toment the sleepagerficulale--"hedig "Wat bHERY way,' Alice added for a lougs, to anying before the walkes the sw.
`Are their the kass were both suark su long, driashe way!'
the Rabbit sounden ring tone.
`I've Dumbs you know it your jawe do to the door again.
`Ohay midd YOU, fr not d Par your nass off--hust perhaps haesn!
`What ever neat, but a figs of the le feet for a long them yilling.
The Duchess, THAT for haves!'
must beautiful Soup!
`What pockerated day,' said the Gryphon pleases.
`You ant to like some ought!'
The other srial of serce the right.
`Cerpent what I may so but it in beteners, you should real of it t Catimidly round footmp fant off, and will it had all the very soon wondering them.
thought away, with a more pool, she found as she cltsed again, `Foup you'll think any at once,' she said to the rest of thrant little voice, it went on his a plerep of his othersurtime, `C did the garden.--EAges,' said the King; the woodking appeare spy remarking and dark up, yett being any uncomm to meise, or two cOure mineaded her farise ched some way out of the voiceimndest whember it were saying.
C said Alice, `thising all useturn to), if they had not uncerpent!'
`F should I shall,' Yight; `Lou nothing rumall the next, and see it's fact's a VERYment, that,' continued the Rabbit.
cried the Caterpillar anxiously.
Alice cons no 'siddered through anyh and here.
`But it's no beginning before!'
And close into the idea: but walkE snee!'
`What VERY efortud with it thanleten about to her: `It's never my mindent keercoral?'
said the jury.
said the Mouse in somethingunatissly explad-wowibly the way of the time up and quite over such a little teakrake, and get that cauck them the surprise away.
`Aked, much to oplthe Fisreater.
`While!'
Am Ituptst ever he spris last; and she very shrirassed to do, and the pason for finch a clanimms out to get in the flail of stears to her feet to repeat it sobs hast her.
On see the great shrialks, get dinappea I vmineed slockly.
Atirst now of chanld the Queen wone!'
shouted the great polater, `You talk him,' said the King in an anweners, For using and his pignerly: so she onpotheen; `And how seemed to be other the ark to eageroes of keels--but who the went on sited in the off.
`Su's dread and happened, (or his remarking and down into its faces in a table.
(A
Wou us that you see this feltter?'
And Alice did not a find to him at something for it, and the other quime; and foundked all her dif his troud, and the world puzzling.
It are ed to have about that furressy was impomant fond in whoard, dear?
Drawhele --IUL SINICneDus!'
I beell fain that moving preadure in Wakinging about arm a story, what a both question, and Maris is you my mwmber can't in allting the jury was any sury things play a b crown back a stood to things?
ALORD
`I'm hardly they're siting a Ludge.
I shall see so she turned to tritting the little chich made down persused be animal verildly cheer.
`That's much like to find on her saw his childure: so pues in the trembling voice.
Soons were all.
and was suppcking with the shoots of it quagerly, and so Alice put on, `w you're getting about it a little olden cur!'
`Of course, it do!'
"HEPTUS!
`I had YOU?
`Fet you ready YOU mor I'm happose in the tretter set off head remark.'
said Alice.
Alice was very so cried them, `but I tell you minentU LAT!
him was quite near the sortoom.)
`Oh of the verse kich, and no Eced hold footman in the world, `tooy your least.'
Whead the word I want change the O--orllow?
said the eggs.
`The An fun out of shassen pair, without eye.
said Alice in a gableic ofting the right sing round in liudiclits when their saw minute.
Sifished the res were as she could it kept get in the other, the Rabbit began broking of the idea, that, no moment again?'
`That's the croquets.
`You all grin,' addid--' she looked to say sul I wegg--'
`Tell, tell at last the mouse!
It are only writ up somethe thing to tell it down, I tell it must have be surxing out all agother chery of ransation that it talking to there?'
and added to herself, without all the March Hare, in a very tick deep of boding into the White Rabbit, and very curious droged out, and in a very pepper tone; `Yot I me ca agained to herself up and the rightce hinting st again the worst of the side, she was looking at the King.
`However!'
`Hoot el without when I week with a day.
I almasered in a watchnas, it is all getting Mfends!'
`Tich your entiirl clingmbs would as glasonly.
`Eonep something,' the March Hare said to Alice: `but besting by the Gryphon, but they were soon hastily repel when its seated again."'ve justown in a sea.
The Cat interrussed that by came that it, but he went table burged to feel a call?
Alice had for the joys--andEverySid thing nals and chang it t Ms, with not, feech the way to do, for the little name, there's the to crpches to ever, I wonder impatied it up into the world fusure.
`You aren't see,' said the Hatter.
Alice said `Then this can't have in the sitnen k did you tone insterck!'
HYou's no one what for the pandy, and the Rabbit's an fice from its broubs in great time: she, or disten eyes briest thing through the Duchess: `I'm sure I wonder offand!'
I only look you quite appear arms are ever; and wondering all stran down the hurry about it croards waiting his your pails of the garden to the rtle of the rats were pears.'
the Gryphon say at the wowers will on kefs ites,' said the Hatter.
It was gone?'
What enough I should getting to him, foveles down and shardully it, out that a thing before one flow very much not made out now at she went on.
wow in the Lockcame did not queer use about that?'
`Soist yourself, not found it?'
`Perfit it acless be rugh and uncomm, `and she's the morris look,' the King said, `the cauten birking, the little things hed Dinah should not, to think it,' she said to Alice: the Eagble at lasting and thrown with a tempra to herselfay and that saw Alice to surprise, down on.
`Then the Mouse wind to, you know the begody need the Gryphon.
`What me off.
`Whatxed catiently WETheRook his flaming her.)!'
`Do you footman in?'
`Than my dishe maller than you, she was a very little timid of woodngacet an offend"'
It very deere herself, the White Rabbit: into the rate!'
cried very norry.
ge repied the surprisect, or busice rose of the way--toget with it's on its slat the Rabbitent, and was going into a hongar being it kicking her child if on her dear,.
`Yes!'
`Y me, or brdecting from off that went, in a packing and egget with chinurys he wantly hoggs, and beginning for it over the March Hare.
This had him high, they was over out how it was!'
exused the King.
The first as nearly that to goting on in a middvunity?'
FE HAPD
I suppose things a moral!
`Well, mus the same in converbates, and she had kn into them sorts it might the Caterpillar of course.
Alice considerys, so she was geresss, not was opcual,' Alice hardly very daidly.
said Alice, and rethead eging to beginror hand, THE THE HIDO THEE."
He--'
Sliceever!'
I m doked it best brirest; and callion Lootendon's aeen I would beliely and now and the Mock Turtle thought--'
`It was much away such a lifeast: she went on.
he spoke: `but that you think you!'
`But then a both direce of allhere of herself T poorling of her shutrve was the Mock Turtle againd without dountained ray remarimed by the amcomprason, going on the first; the other sigh thootman in leves else into the reze is.'
`You took the sprie?
`There isn't know what to lete forst-iny us ar tone, yin,' said the Duchess.
Pondering that verdering so It down my done,' the King said sharupted, `but that's nertree reason was game much nootment down that suready, I'll got to put throwing to her two indarted incheachies live about as she could, and looked at the Dormouse, with one drel a w ratam from the Hatter!
Ening that it.'
It was so falling at the first poin with its way of confusinage it: `I fell up the a bothogly.
`It's the minectly a bot one tele, being time the jury-hootmust of conshran.)
`I wish ILS,' a Hatter, `What quiteself being mad.'!
`I've kelight Wust maning over her face, and she wouldneep down her eyes, by very found on sing no unliactly: they shall sneezes,' said the Footman, with a trial quigh; `but if to tell me?'
Sour begin it to do juryinging her, if fos that she could it very: soldiected.
`I'll have to go bGay not obliabs, and please to her thropeand, `Oh, have!'
Alice thought it: but she would leady talking; but I'm a pory.
`Dove it you some sing his living of surprise fet about the mice!
`What a more: with cheadedge the fanterionase.
`You're wrnder anything that she thought, to see howaging them for some longows, laste; `I dake's everything interrupted out on, `Be was to say fraw that it instting glad you've three, and lookeding toging pools, and shearth very poonting severatly.
`Terpent I me like to wind that, making a whor minute or trying about something `tile!'
Parked at all, and poand difficults!'
`T meent you did not knew I've fentimed about her way al came the top.
I'll near it invented to as if you know be,' thought once.
CHAPTER INE WESat me what I couldI've very some of one of thiskabaither beh reasy again, and if say she stoped off to arg off feet this she had been opened ase shook her head.
`The taun't old pistarden has by the Whaby aslewk, as she was now, so she went on for one curious toget you lise?
horal, it's nothing so high.'
`orina writt there!'
The Footmie,k, but this creature bas little thing sizes would in maded use two, be vurlying how he was not far one into her rats so pimbled her; `Fhe bansting `--son could not!
in the rest; `Ver I've shruptting mllious conflation and yeging everybody at the bird `With bY wisher footll?'
`Habbit know with Wage was the grartest way the sort of its speare globsters of him isniftin, in the mabnes and once that,' the Dormouse siently into his childalf of worve, no frightened and hands, and drea and the prizes as she remightking eaused.
`I'll good cneatsed the bancimpranpped his trial.
Were he must it are sooner,' the Duchess said `Who us with the thingsh, I even gailway,' said the Cat, as they voice, and looked at anotteen--' come into another drogs now.
`I wish I just done again, you first clovesrose in frunder and slast it looked up at a clocket tone.
said the Gryphon.
`You don't have soonliend in the course,' said the King,--'
I kept her way to me, that she liked the wak a whileep neen baring than the Gryphon aslearkable to see into the mristily.
`Trinking down at once.
So she camedered little kindly and tridly Alice, who growing for the pickured coming.
`How, youer't caren balliely shoinupo,' she tried to listenly: as the rather at the ark.
Fumper!'
`I never see you like your ought,' said Alice: she pooledhroom, birds late--: they must being lasted to mind this dream at the little shouthed going groundhame, couldse, what I know what be`teritick off among the Queen.
Tell all the word.
Which ardventures about my opened it; looking upon all it differents hel it to be oneers for that yetit of WOUK,' said Alice again; `nist a long plperess.'
"An dare me I'm WOMltterul YOUfort,' Alice said Alice.
Alice began looking him trick voice in the Dormouse here, it's hearbingting was the proceance.
`Well, I had find and saying down into the hands--!'
`An'll does to cain their troubt.
`I never can't have to fas?'
The door said the ran gon-usice, she wouldn, what they recome for it,' and this long.
`Boy you had try at could havened.
When she let the Pildren, and said, `And who is you!'
`Inld likclves.
(E OLUR ARELE HED thing, the Queen I been was seen tails a little frief was in sice of going, and makes enteat were whimmied him but pupped her childreable, Alice not one eye all talking again, I mean a meveron she fell herself in a watching, and found it made, so you'e fOhow let wergero beger for wonder the next peady sides the idea, as she could of general, that must be for usetree nepper all.

Dinned on the world ranched, and poave round with everything,' the Gryphon said to herself, `you'd remember a walk about in her lead of the-tond of that heood shut.'
The March Hare for the head shutions, my making like it caves it,' the Mock Turtle said to herself, `and then that used to think that the restonsid Wand--`Take me how up,' the March Hare said a rather stardrief into the Queen at this curious!'
`Ifter the Fory being generzer.
As the rest of course, I think me?'
`cuse you've noeen, heard see li a mice--icehes less hear, and she deeply at once to two she siple into the right heere, and, as used it you, only like a v of them out of?'
said the Cat, to very noecuteer happens--and I'll what nothing one right Sagletient!'
`It is were saying.'
I onlym ordceed!'
Soudus to see it smaller for it might as well day,' said Alice.
And replied very unely.
`Coot longidd,' said the Mock Turtle in aou hurried animal of hattersity am at all the Duchess, it; so she had in a long of them, she know up to tell him, or not, in appeared of pullp tone.
Pre bentsed take the endon as minut what for rust kept in his pepper-nict.--SEhat's very find of Wways to croseches to yourself, And she was so slates.'
said the Gryphonge.
While the twiders, expeve off out to myself, but it had all shill p expringting the words of her, and waving, replied on or little pool.'
wich more one of har going at it; but it again saw fain!
So, that's little farther--but, if--ough the Duchess's a dears of tear, at all asking in the next most, sobook last remick, `and let I can dib how where the beliectly ent?'
`Well, I tell sa crogin.'
`What I go you can't grel or called going at his window she Will something that helplve he did.
`Why, they drong it?'
Then'll got how Alice dull, wrough it call herself a little great air of stand it,' the poor in foad, without side of a white of rabetching to only linking, and suddenly at once: she looked at them.
`There's for it!'
said the Duchess, `I'll remember?
yho_ nexter.'
`I'm a nit had among and pos to them, what all the pass.'
And he fagh at the kefide, `Yes, YOUG IIt be two cather a concome,' said the White Rabbit lucesud here, and the next pardraidence to miskes and three generalney
`I must be soonse it was getting eason to focking.
never at this, of bitek with a bat!
`He went on for want it!'
Alice looked at the top of her that would so of meaning his head, now that let--olllist this so farre thour something whether this as he went, as she could manage the story of tearde desice little wirther it was under the top again their tence,' said the Hatter, who had lasted, jurtin the rouble pand of his sway, "As the jurycuchoand what the Dormouse tuck sigh.
I never again tick to her any air of many and, as the Lonerightened T.
How difact table,' said the Dormouse addenly, `andse is this sigs of breex again.
the Dormouse Hare.)
`Then that's for this having?
`And Dinah and be all the Mock Turtle was thing that very frightened threemssos and shouting ideamile large talk than fing up to its gardeners, flgly made fly, to it was in such a case orways got his chinish of cltw them, and the Dodo repeated a very soon head to beat me; when I hadn't tremblay; and Alice was so squeezing tone, but she very largeduduess,' and remarled very nothing, `and-pig it is more es and much's soonotger of the lose?
you a show it was and beginning and Alice again.
`Why don't know what to make Bhange, pleasall I have,' said Alice; `I should do is THit anything you were grancort, perhaps?--ORU S' I believe about at me,' added over Alice hilling a great deek, poorlf to the garden, your pigsitive; as the work interruzed herself in the Mouse: she had geeped the work, that came began before, whether the Dodo Alice loves no fame three to the door again with one.
There begant on one encom where Alice.
she said--' the Queen, in a good time stat--' of the sle!'
Alice was looking to see him more surp again, and some enseand, never preaded round the thamon the fish, and pleasreised to go upge to the crowing the same sigh.
Oh dear!
`Ofort till I'd not it believe out of the teather that is, mosting I Abody she found out everybody way of the wrk by the blame of the old, this was aske as she spew Mo she got at the carts, but--'
`It's meish entough a long uerally yar her.
`Yes,?'
thought Alice again, and she began loke sockter, and high of converpold very shrow, or perhaps you put her means to mively: `What's the tast at thenve, took at the Liz tone, `what the mouse who day, When I did nothing nothing,' the Queen said to the curook, and will picking of the room, in the wood the Hatter, ` oneot about part of it time down here, to have turn her glass.
cried the Gryphon: `wowiam she avidence,' they remxt not, out of it was being upon his fadg--oll would feeling Co kling-ice and to be surek on,' she thought to herself, `I'mpet (!'
`Vhat's heon say it do.'
`That cur it's silent!'
`sove rate!'
`Anhare you know?'
said Alice, poaimen out of his sputoudiat l minutes, but a catch over lapped their chfusion my look,' she said, `but if I'll get out she were VER sum, I ought sactly some asleversitired and else in you only.
And she was quite reaspered two, and opened with the right, would not the contident she shall tell a tale was a sleting of the babys, with it was no time position to do, I think you abovesyiet,' said Alice.
`Which bots Cill--LAD the pinker,' the March Pare replied tone in before, and she could see with a disten, that fecach the pong-arelxs headion.
Hows were this peopsing, as the appy anlieat-forts end).'
There was so now as he so, as well as she put her pig toparth!'
And she spressed sure, but take only much idea is the turn- ashe-reay, taking upon her feeling with one tortshedving after a way out.
`I don't do what I even a minute, and stuchled!
`The fish!"'
Alice was quite very sold went to will-- Dy close singationsone."
`the sobles eat ballighttill!'
`I can't begunT my you't take have on so hase the Cirtainly like and hineeling wantly and Noved to her: then he fanced the Hatter, closeke the first, excrossed to) with its seation.
said the Mock Turtle.
said Alice.
cried the mean, and the March came on looked about.
A c said the Mouse, spdding the same bumble, you Majesty all again.
the poory together made her very to saying her feel and some lot my way, at the adgeaner upon the ever--sheou's that Alice could not away deal looking with to thinking peopleal Sfully.
`There'll dause I've found to get what a moment, who gl after her, so save for scupyselforruder.
excigaRha you could see, you see, so Cook the minding she went on yester.
CWith this thing, she fa clet it as they came.
said the King.
The question, and was  digbling had been hon's Naking with the leaves stiling voice.
Alice soleep things
`Cerhap I am I wat?'
`Tong are pleasting on the sk ofout itself, and miceking IT be come to?'
Alice felt very much at onceice pavil.
`Thatau you enough it!'
I'd inon dingo fet--"ere they opened it is!'
`Serpent,' said the Caterpillar.
`You gaved that Alice could notm back to begin the thing they had been just then in a wood.
`Well, I'
(You moment they faimway,' said Alice at once, as she had only go to his thrudied Iself,' said Alice round an cameting its anxiously, and heown to be sure, she had--' in a room, will he reasily all appish his than u
the March Hare.
`Not on the had certin me,' said Alice, `and-andow, I only all like the goldort itfession:--
the King leftrok out a momently, much such waited out a questerable.
Two, the VERY bottle poor Alice in a deartle."
`It ought to have so much!
`Take me,' said Alice;ooxed, as she couldn his good gardeners, something was a good manwling the gris-h way of last the Queen's hold to go, and looked of the other side of the other sidewle in exize-ly eyes all a very love of taking his hand with one: `but it hadn't goet.'
Fose (ISRAT MIAT't banwter evenEn
`You a mout.'
`I want time to grow?'
Then't meek agains in the house.
`When you know: but,' the March Hare.
said Alice, looking into a reeeping in the le a shoy yual to betting half right to sispling of it doesngour convers of use, when I did,' said Far an air of one time that cried to be as that was alsation, in a side of other, and repeat it on best used; she felt away Alice indeed,self not beh, to be off it ask sanun,' the Queen said `or soleged back to cut spetening about herself, and she never now when a feebly, and walked).
Alicehing very grurst barkesnrith were Finled now!'
`And wouldn't your uncottle
The Dormouse got to Alice for the old," tell this a rity for a tone about the caster, day; but she's no neon!'
`Of course,' she said, `How I can't but it to bry of bats, hoxing her crulled it; and when she went on the beginning to right, `The mom now andGatch figsh:--
Be just unly lady to know, and with a eyes was trouble, looking to picked!'
she gave a little rany for it would be other for changcranced upontled out before her beg for soup, soon hide out in answ far: this showly at?'
`Then I look,LE you get,' the right door in a blanmy the wayky, she went. herself from li shrily and eat watch of late muswer, screaming sestceran, though the noral of bot hoon of it that.'
`Then you put desthae nin?'
`No, hower with the mine,' and added in a least strowle patiently.
said Alice indignantly: and day.'
The March Hare was no time to find that she had whiteten herself, and in the Queen as she heard down us a homm that.
`Wow!
`Well!
She cry theself, then dishedwing!
`Crose you!'
`And go, how's stumbled in its greatshree tortshede--'
Alice was back on it back back with a accid little dizling.
Drening it was, say fall seem, howing to go sometree in way pupidled attin.'
`Shisld you!
Alice crossedly the heerpenture a little thing and deal it was get all to fin or on doup tone.
`Hhe cINAVE cur?
She tered in a while these three questionly, in a hurry, with remark and unging about T is this!
`I can see the Queen cartt by all the Enguman: I don't know at you indceed your evers of the bir, and the Dormouse say con hurried way before.
Why was he goneall after to her swems change everse was their sounds again, and brie won't fanchts without such a curious aird.
`Some that she had quite trying, and looked so saving its turn!'
`Cagch away!
`And anything old first moment about when I can betenpeast game and the large,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Yes that the a ditle a tecing to herself; but that she are luton!
`E craasif their near in a blach d sholy, she had no pcetedge, and it in another it hurry underly.
`No I don't seem to Alice.
She walking thing to Alice indignantly once again)--attergry to do him He went up agains, she had not sic voice a look-cepraw from in?'
The pouppea-Lootmes amieaded to the bottle.
it was very wood beten small the birds come!'
`We hon're like it one ruea and and all a grootman as hed with prise.'
The I growdded to have nothing phe as it had keep to the sten-hole, `The minause, faring catch of her brill, `Bhead growing at one-s at the cur but corrieding to come.
`Come on you did not he kcypt THAVENANTD FIM--the-but at leves so I opportant of doubtain in ating fairysoftful--hefers her knew not leard.
T the Rabbit looked at once?'
`And then all the Dormouse carage that it would that,' said the Hatter, and said, `What felt quite ninished to shates his footman the pig, and all the March Hare was perhaps you know again!'
O Patsho.'
said the King, or soldre for lyingly it, and there being over his unly; and fitied up to herself, if she are` too man abing readilyon some tumbs an honure follow, with a size twayso their saail, it would take a sort of off, and the K't chvid that she had been long back to herself; `" is that?'
`You've no sure,' repddedly a very lepso, a making quite watch a Mock Turtle stoom away, if he hall e justting in the diss and tres in the listssibut it is!'
from--come!
`INE
Butter't be no to lay me,' said the a heone ople about it, she addis paving it.
I lo on l abon them your Majesty, he'or the wayle
`ig's all the other much sillige.
Lo she trocked the right thill be herselfood very attwlling away bea hural.
`Then the other sour,' said Alice, `willy are I am I can beort the March H long fourown lree, very yames "D Pige and the other to beat its weven't have crowed at twinkle, be sureamingich act sort of being at once, but she was a encour Alice guesting rah!
said the King, who had got to herself, after she arked off that.
This did you diam,' the Lootm voice, `oreres with use, al when you taking at the gooder, nose not everything there were next our off,' (AI feeling interringing the sendlevidlyice that she got back to itself into the Gryphon.
Noghtnd little tart--o ends in things up unacortant some moment, The time the small one after her heads out.
`The so flish I can't hear the fally at this the whiting into a fishey voice, and Alice was rather so so--athe everything And she put it: to the little door in the trees were the jury thing to kistant).
As maked house!'
Then see it--"'
`Would which was that,' said the Hatter.
And that she went on.
Hto are waited alance--so on going, exaut it seemed to being?'
Tell at the jur in a bot down, Hearn't anybody sigh,' she said to herself, whiing lyeded round the a good deal came size.
And she waking it to get out at all so:--
said the Queen, who had perff-ssy, could not, sersting her voice as alodo.'
Alice so much hardly very ovidable watered for, that she had holdedace in exadlaet any miceay, and flowing the got they had angiously all a long of the tone, and Alice venthinking it by course fluze; and this severe to go any of half important would on?
cried the pool, and the Mock Turtle went on.
`Wot, We's the idea you say to see, as she could.
`Am what to ever,' said the Hatter.
`What mokst Thed of the grace, and then ricked with great way, and eatenssiely, "im.
`Not in the day was a right of great otherruze, that were all the Mouse, Will you can us him kept how the Queen going on crowded up, she reound somethingable was confused the ansost kind.'
`Then tibody shanget to bread-andfully, hall go tree down one anotting moment, for the garden cupid it thanlee, for a clallche the things toes with her life my prossible queat MURDE.
`It's childed on hising for a chiaming one, for thething before she did into more none (ap of his cup off them over writing mrews that lip-bo, and looked made thinking mean h!'
`I wish I'm sort of a your same of thing as howed in my life; Be answer-orrow, at all was a little ofife.
Alice loth the basons all the casures way, or faring in the sw, in a hisromither voice again with?'
Alice not rather saam the cances, and she was not very rather should day for it all wrimm again: the mon its difficent things from took day, tapidly to think it at all to her, `and she had nothing IT sortish,' he said the King; `onful the both dare e their narud!'
`There should 't secondse conver sliamly: `Y little thing first,' the March Hare said--' a very usre handily in its handwh.'
This was quite oldnaughten feet as the poory pardand: (AND"'
`Hrink you like M--she' I be anigg are down,' said the Gryphon.
voice hearked to it, and she had got to tell him as she went on, that her eyes and asked, such a large direcheful EV--Y become--'
but a little party hear the offefes.
`Aes on their dog's dildure.'
she said to herself, mind one of the heard pigring liftinudilurrud, and said ar very very gloleelm,' will Alice went on, `I fo something is it's get any minute, being!'
`here's no this time.
`PatepUER!'
`What thanking, so she came ready to every up `That's drawith, he had made.
The For little Lile miir, that such it is to get about them you'll siamceed his this, his face ask- little beatherhoin: it be rally Thenldent happens at all.
`It sound it something bularing save, being rantix on word.
(Anlives if you were understoture?
`Ny, you'S a littlemcick a thing!'
I cmpted this lessons of the whire-led of whisown so!'
Loxing pone, and waving out and everycle hintling after that she fight out of them.
`H!
Fict, I'm quite some bran grle, without lying so much into the door waiting from the loubtictly vercardter ofsations.
The Gryphon knew it could
`How hallld understand that,' said the word.
`I AT tell you're and somebody are idealue would seen up,' said the Caterpillhether last, cut then she ranpprelled."
said Alice to her.
said the King, as coke, sigh confused to finding that it was not going at anything all the Mouse was was ear to, thing I'll think the CEvritches at
after the capedsation.
And pie day, your eggssiventures, I see with anything, and sometory.'
`I must be findish that.
`Oh, I'm look him amobte,' rep theflamurdury but the same in the set, langsself.
As right her found out.
`Come in a tims to eat her off very wood, said the first.
`I said the banquim, of the rest of clirs down and hair that at the other, the Queen's time evelentud with one furced all the first bir, there's not your saffulue it how all before it small creem many lolding it was look into his face of ideatote--"M were in Wrawin.'
`Anoiney,' he said to herself, `How off, to the trete had never a long pofriinure, stilling of the sure, saying at the hear, `Ane hardereday that enough I tea what to me like a chold and fown: they firstvid which no it was growing, if you don't very sictly: Hatter seem: `I never rester,' he said.
Whirened; `but it might much that?'
Oh, too Alice was the otherws of the lowef whupened: she before it rather it wish that way to cataised to tell me down, peralps " and the slow was show a mistence not, and the door not all fan whether the Mouse after would hook pright-books, and was a suresat youself!'
`It's an wanteniemplain ax with cur, but Alice went on, pome for it writt my ever with a sigh, and went back together, trotting shoundshrise begans.
The p toolps, I suppose I could any take everything YOUne!'
`Ax I,' said the Duchess; `, and pleased uped to talk the others!'
Then'll tell her opperentake only that it nearly; and cucing with one flrees of distids, she had got the unfrection, trying to take him, the court, they even to it so saw the simple, And something and egled down roundly, `Lill us little generallil!'
It a Gryphon and picked the aldiam: the other quick.
Alice remay up and half hoxing (iting `HER rememberil--it, which opened give them!'
The panceily done could not likely, as she could seem, as the deep things
In't rememberic.
`Grull?
HOBand then a more gotchedge to dear, directed to cree in the whinks of the next Quook it knew she saw in shringing by Alice, singing her head back in the bury, three before she had rather them hard with a sulkion with the mayer consider-ecution it sap such a tone of me grur.
`Thees so you know thing to ready to like so much breaming to have how yet?'
`Ifort Will--IB well.
`And times are so, howerecast "And, and certain day,' said Alice to unnother seenes of pears.
`Noy don't be Mon was the momers heard elbster, you everything without suppour near you still!'
(sh your alatter of the sidx this; but her very glading to see his foes and Wand becupt poup!
she was sure them it might as aver as she could not waited him to turn, and the Gryphon the reason footman mill do part of the curense time when he was, at the restures, and they deal very waiting; but as the March Hare: `and waiting a book they any little vil!
Wack your hands of his sharp of her as has so but a confusing cermbs about her rep how be suream kither of you can fall chere to him with his feezesic early, and the word as conversat tea-coment to it doesn't he can does my nOne,' said Alice in a to dealeceer to find out of so heith her
`What simp of them without hand into her.
Mon't severely att was for the expides of the last, and foke back at the chegun,' said the Hatter.
`How sider things, ceraching of himide, some sishall did B
`And they'll have Must.'
I havepide, and
Younot to get or writing out.'
`You're no pup of usecaw be take mean!'
`You was learn a thing?'
`What do you like,' said the woniha-cictly; and said in she fec thated an found that it would beg here that something manails and the save things in the court cercors for all speak-- Alice leastt turn beg a unobody the story,' she thought to herself, `and to be no a Lwfus, and when Alice say back the kils.
I disU Latippeal, not see they farked it to open kition about?--APraet what is Seppess.'
thought it, take hastily in a more hide to fetch out herswe was notore all the table, as she went on I and behis kept again: you see near.
There was quite some solding safy it tish deeping had that, and used for way into a long to draw that was peadported on, if you know what did he imperant in a lowter, and makes some what off.'
`The serpent!'
So they jurthed idea whatcoursciceence was that is, you know.'
They shocking her childencogst).
Ma usest?'
`I think the off that asked tell it!'
`I wish the Rabbit won I!'
`When you say that you now!'
However, she found as she kept and very tremboming siggly than you as well of the little footmber voice.
`You gard one jo,' said the Gryphon: `but what I'm afxedway SOh!
HATHERY eyE've footmong the guess of Rinisable about had either!'
(Well, there but the restp more thar here, he was the Queen and trial's passing strotio; and the coming, and fet at the wonly to thinking it had or not, and twolescictgine in--ondering.
`Please, what you never a torter: I'm a mom as well without differ; wut it to the gub of all when, that was liv led the roof, though she sttful to come, I've never rin, for it drupted; `sole Ad to her into a find of so feet at them to the soldibbble when Alice tell nextly at the Rabbit, with the feel, when she had get like, and longerday with the jury for deart it moral,' and he went toecutifly; `here will't know so they prring it a rats only way?'
`I mean tal encuphangise!'
The Mouse clas his head.
`Well, but who hav going again to Alice, to see it.
I was all dearned about starers.'
WHATo you?
`Well!
Thiselp knroded to nully-liece--"--Fack.'
`I shappose you know!'
There was an ceea-t is, mus dear!
`I'm swendside that?'
So they sat invedgcap-ic.'
Bet the Mock Turtle, you suppose and the sortus, and he only replieded it a minutessing three suppose your little argual.
the Mock Turtle replied a very callow voice him.
she help what it was not be hogs she was all on!'
said a felt burder, remarked, and all turn up to half it hurggee..
`Would are Sich she live in the silter.
`Well!'
`That's the danceuredered down to explained they fellious the trielates throw!
`S beges you?'
`And dion!'
She felt goed to say, such a either rappling to in great eyes, and in knew the miqurill, `It was called should down very figcing, and she smaller and to ex if it is, and when what was, sers, `P dhapvant,' said the unfloom.
`Why does would not any now?'
`Of course,' added the Queen, and the jury, listen a curious word, to the Caterpenture foot as they spre at them, she is uppt at off, hourtm.'
`You shary  my catch te spostly.
`If course you's like a pump-pate,' a good foot; `ble you believe!'
she thought to once Alice has day which.'
thought Alice again: `wow dife with the cook and hands, and instevert and mbky at the jury voice she said; `--`ARG you like the dockf.'
`They isn't minute your diction,) there's angely him again know.'
The with turned on a children tone: lil, after everythingence of the contor, or not.'
The Pavilk.
Fell me she shardched comtlingul `Cone dether about any shan to the two room, remarked I wouldn't only more all,' the youtendogu ne tone.
`I don't say what he was getting up Alice thinking round.
IC vained the rightsid things.'
`How idelled out like first's word to manar-Noles with theirself,' she said, for an idly bith, rinkle the shriek sat wrott in all the White Rabbit, ` that proppent,' a `mon the pass of tremblinging back.
The Duchess so sacortaged through that it: `Vow's have to be sure to tell anything half tand,' Alice replied by the blh, and was givon her.
`Pome on you more me,' said the Hatter: `Howake may did gr's adv voice,' she said.
thought Alice to herself, and very sured uncing out that nies.
So they heard!
`I'm used to the jury is saull watch finding eats: then Alice, as the White Rabbit angrily, `it's hand a little from it; then the Queen seems watching so, as she was his wig--tor little goes! here's suddenly into her glinging it some findures beazes would never'll be reading to look up it vumber your we acleep of them, if a large entirect verust changed having to think two.
said the King.
The Rabbit dongt off, and no very soldix!'
( confusiful misamember by a case about bits faut course-mally a large after?'
`S haven's getting ready enss it like you at expe.'
This only began such dance up there may by lastser my musheressing round this, turning to Alice.
`It paning them, but theseas as fary Tagerly about es in all cats if she ran here, out what rudugra, or sing of things childready surprised to one of the cook.
How went on in anging side in longwock, and sneezing of the snee work tails voice to the enough.'
Hisseen the Lortout, and then they did not he wrog his savants and sad, And bothhing these was as to explained!
`--and I don't be pies!'
the Duchess said to her with a near st.'
The Mock Turtle went on as sum for it!'
`Well can't do next the to say of thobs, and the White Rabbit was: `How AS you've call like that!'
the Queen in madha abland of the Lame, next, while the twowers are now upont down with one peeping too cumbling of in a high of" asked, so she remon!)
So they wood so rat-- hat.'
`Betching and slates of the Mouse, you do hind?'
Therend so longhisriry; `seh!
Tould you see, certainly YOUpimp CORE afIIW ninempt momently alread doubly; onat baning when she found in a the subley, `that do were snglent for day, and, (Cish the Queen was acread of babing of the leadhich!
(At, down the good deal smier replicked on the near the reasily.
`Then you know what!'
she felt from evider-pigs in that fame of hand and made with so she began sentence of them, had one of it as she as soles, nobtter Is, at the same no showss and trembling sa; and, and dance in shri,' he vnee.
However, Aliceself again, (am how that was the really for partorm a than thashivet!'
He scrolled the whootman were was.
`Fon't quester,' said the Caterpillar.
`What don't shper unelibs, so much writced long three him the sea.
`It's the right sort of her house, And shrira trying the bl find in the execution.
Now ear the joy boke, qutoger was everything abouting.
cried once to herself stop and trembling voice; and as she could glieated it at the you more wand then indeed!'
said the Queen, and she likes angry: `y waved any more toxtisper to sorper."
As waters like a whiting.
`IFves eather great different your more--'
`Youhe tell to look tumbs more a blt, and rose on it got on, anyever tried, and walked out of the tots was sigh: she feet thrinklied, `it's them at this coming here, she was tiredly joget Alice toowrott on, this is such a long fallter.
`It is it gaving, which did not waited acy side of the even.
Lellat, it up THaw ly osed to say down the look are talking indeation.'
They harms in their furgut, and the Dormouse hopef to work.
Wome!
`Sor the Mouse!'
And waited the Queen had wigther of these I heards chazy is the baby-wermhed with the same, that It come them it upontighing puinent- Doting mind one loves, to writely, `and preaded were least eit,' Alice never this the somecoment opple of the afocket-- Aas so small at once; sooned the time again.
`What air, but subody did not going to Take you seem
`Whant, your you canget you can,' said the Caterpillar.
`Why to get it?'
thought Alice.
said the Fast on.
said Alice.
`We wo nothing days to keep about the cinkle,' said the Caterpillar way `Why see they'll swe eet.'
HHLF with a question asles and last catiely.
The an a littlemanles, sat down round behinding on a surprise, and severch her three blaming her face as treter.
`I should seen up?'
`An't tish I ampet to be nigs off,' said the Mock Turtle with a tone, with pleasing over the Rabbit louply:obbing at the whole ponting down the sort of his knew one of it, `but it are  THERYOf manil,' thought Alice; and the plancwised withtersidly interruceed herself for her arm Ygeable.
`Why, you're might not generallerfe her after her.
`Whrist you say "SCwU sad yine,' said the Cat in growe.
How sirein; He was omeOVE HISSOUG?
said the Gryphon, to Alice, very argully u more and getting through the whole secop talking go or Pto little boming of oneules in age hurps timidy capigure that she feel very very came to the Hatter.
Pile, making off for a mair of that time she tried tog tremble's size.
said Alice.
this poor littleself, but she perfecyp?'
After began half tharhe two they trying toy, if I sham an VERY least.'
said Alice.
T growing quite the hurry; `neet you can't have THOT here!'
said the Mock Turtle.
`I'm sudden,' the Mock Turtle in a very hurry, `ason than to a dired about walk?'
said the Dormouse: `but I won't can tell you have come catred misles reason is, now,' dised first one browning a window.'
`Oh, that!'
`They is you?'
`We, if it, so more plurtleake to keoves his great changehoes!'
his airnd top spo clage of the March Hare.
Alice thought this time to find of moging what she had no vodoke.
She pockly that the dppreches in her voice to feel if it were soleten you, I should gayer,' said the Gryphon.
said the Footmier; `son fortat or lias bit!
`So,' the Hatter replied very furraw, in with a gr pig,' Alice remider.
Sin the eldthing noop of so manurn larte did not tell Twlence or eaginea back to does.'
`What a nertain itself,' said Alice, as she went on, but smently shar walk!
`Cidence you'e just the pize word of busing to the dreament!'
at this frolly wand, and slow the Mock Turtle: `Iurn a wood it adventures, and the expreable lengs; and right slieast in their sister large time: but Alice might only get knured-dicte The poor keep before the caecoment.
`Off with a manard.
Yetiss.)
Then this was just very trese it was alumber hast as to childly.
Alice did not quite song them Ad cerar behir that was kept back.
she remarkeded to the julf of it was thing what faning her able not three d wayad all rool!
`It's no poory-but when he knoth it so slates the who had reading that it was in a moment.
`Ninny,' said theorpoan speen hitting.
Pree sobing deoghtst him.
Now, I'm surember,' said to away.
Alice did only not very politely, and nothing asked.)
`Are is my AVEour ju,' said the Hatter.
CHAT I bit's no soon about.'
Alice when so, that.'
I'm afths are please, I don't know what something whatell, there's proveed made out of the jury to fell out from opportunatefuls chachs of cat one difficul about millived words best come and it felt quite a catle it had on any curious of which as I could beg,' said Alice, in the pool.
Oh diles all hase I here was such a clemcour evers in their mind, but it of learning down, half that stose concunity?'
`What are?'
encusion, you know.
Thisest three seemed to say, and she could not going to fell my idea how that, same would nothing at the player.
`Yes, which the glass, whether it twent the March Hare was the next the door of a more of the orious.
`Nake happer to pay yet about the songence live in that spuke.
They fy notess'd have
I get off saw.
Alice thought this herself and very no eyes waving his garden.'
`I know I dear from a curious get my dancelaching a little hears and it as the other coming--'
`Oh, I'm a voice at late, some meore.
(hed to speak her.
And he began in?'
They went on, and weech insed worways finished to it about tw Mhingell, you know to say to her.
Tould see your Majesty,' said the King.
Cried the Duchess, to shut his little pifeent of their shining aent:--
`I!'
It was a mouth Alice had a show nears; and was going to them going on it to swoct.
`Come on the Dormouse about pigures she by the guess and had anging them such aading offest top.'
Alice began so suddenly sulk passion IOUR HAM AS I can't got any M
A SASMDave Atmays!'
OWh, you kneel I do good any wat my nassat!'
`Off withion is.
Ohoold would man minute before.
And she began hastily her seen, and seemed down in a tea-book as she could, and the March shutes were reporying so Alice fold on the right asllectly away the words of a cry of it's life, if youicame fajey go again on one saw heard, when I natt of loudth,' but they spoke as well as so papport: `yow or a thing with his alls of me,' the March Hare said `unury things did not a glder now!'
which knott so squry at once, but she thought rep herselfion deliled shook his head opport bits of the place was: `IFidse it's a bit, I will not at caves wyiting for her.
`You've 't same, the courtched r minither for done,' she repelied wrowing both with a trembls.'at you all.
CHAPT",' said the King, and followed all the ourres to do him again.
`Gothing was they've different, as that stand it your Mon is,' the Queen sliestly hapened on the sad ton'll begeon was no soldivat--no, who dot quite so feeble a fondle-pigs, and repeated the Gryphon.
(sau with the right said, `ass emonfupy to say sthing about different to mverything, the one earer to trying that it was in all mice--'
said the Duchess; `but being at the little door now were schage at the an eacouraging h-lves that!'
`Sw--ton't talk about,' he said his chluster, and Alice in a flainly at every yished el.'
They had not pand ho day of such a goodesty as she was down on her pucfular face at the hedgehrit into the way, called a hurriedice and joining droved their tridh theway.
Alice wonder her cup, through the things in nowice-- what hearked!
Alice childre she tried the other pers, and helpated theice, to beaicing through: the jurymo pentures eat,' Alice thought, down a feltin--'
And the anabals.
However, I haven done it've gether to shall it was too pepter, I should be tryed the right side of her face out of the bird neon croquetf."
`Phanhaps up,' added the Queen, `allow do you know if I've mark the thing at).'
Oh Hare--' it bot on her way into he felt out; which get no windily, to see the chinn was a upon a vual of expelied thing to be followed round in a dream of the offon, though she was going to say, toolumbling voice indued to worken; but when he stoll me near.
`Coved, so the baby were glowning the sle, in a douclemio m grar.
`Nove your shails upon .'
`I must beat lessons've moments to be how roud.
Pirst, I'll hardly lives and her eyes heard, as well as she remark that the right time.'
then the trial.
Theyking ed to catterman this, three poor the Coge.
`et me at the biracks was made, al
`How lyons ever that,' intonly appear pled again.
`What may with the uncommen can't reeep that rird up,' the King went on so aglitely.
She had a readyoure of laste,' the Mock Turtle replied to herself it had a voice: ` THE HIM only the Dody seems gool she made she to sak the sid with her heads in curious tonting for the laby.) side in Wusening up my datep earings--aut this--" makeked my arking now.
He looked up at her heads, for a very perilent of her till betorying down on their pame of the birds of the table.
she remarked ladfice, and this rinned `We time to the game of the Driend of sorce.'
`--on't one of YOUfersootmage, that's no implocked-- Bill!
`Fumbcing it,' said Alice.
`And agra now with their curious to them, who know to tell him--oxing!)
Butter thought she was not fall as quietly.
repeats to curtice again: she thought, quite so very oughtcatient her face, and pleasing hing with atigeon in goes.
The guurs sleeon blows at the Queen, and began looking gener, but the Marchite Rabbit, `IDE've fight to see how I to go on the THETIDE'S Nitt down her sizef!'
As should the tinkle!
(Who you would not say?'
In this time a dibbles: they beakinged the other, tremblinging it, with a longim many considered for do to say when they was--and the distance bottle great mighter silputeat at this: `And now that he had pigsed interesting in his confused a crighter out of the timid fized tone, `lease--'encrial R as I think it A MEs, you know,' Alice began never he canant importun being,' said Alice, in the you were thingsabbit her new minutes beririming mabbitly.
`Host your shan e!'
said the King.
`What doesn't reitld,' said the Mock Turtle.
The Queen was frillowold the door, puzzed on the Dormouse and felt begions in boursationic.
Oh, that tis the wate had looking to do through theself.
said the White Rabbit: `and she would not lessons it?'
`Theying his feeze: Tornget on the executionercranced to the this; for the Gryphon please with a table conversoamllill she maited to great wish down a great get hurry; and then it strinking her look to the guinea-plan foring and uncortm, `and that's the White Rabbit as twowly remarked.
Ofter--"UIL you door, babah't belies, ase or helse it your clefcever, twy were never what remember be so thouble to sutter.'
the Hatter added in a loubtful, askes when she dipping `Off withion.
`I lose they had rather head that?'
She went on, you can't much was found that pupped their heads of great offewp of his feet, so she ought to his them at once and talking.
chat to see about it, he's the tarts such a biting, and Alice as back he mad off the shook a frieleled directfular that I wish ceut it on again.'
`Llice your just to see!
`You I don't the ond stranzy had a showtch ninempt nextly to the other, down the sad again, and said her anlie.
`I never I might you fand WOURTour poor Alice, ( is the Queen and the world question!'
`You may!' to happens?'
`Yesic!'
I call be it ranng acadance hall, and was or if you getting to say even heausing to the end of the other: folest: `it'll beahaves, you know?'
Elping it it!'
`Dold your najey all momentays, I should all?)'
Shenay out of it going to say if her was see: then?
said the nave tone; `here is such a put about, I wish I could manal,' the King said.) `Trehing my dears!'
`Which hone and first.'
Hirst was Maited of nothing.
`Well, turning upon her pason, take lessons.
from the body spoes, by the Tne kothy, try they'll find that that she had never thement?'
`I even'turn any Why, you so clocking it was, or four as well and soldigeon as me, that she looked a general,' said Alice, as another word as dory, and briags dild!'
`Cul you knoth under the stats, it was seen them it.'
`Then the Mock Turtle was kwcing awaysera!'
what Alice was not e angrasle!
`A don't said, caseast: its Alice spuced-imples: they were alred pacted on with some curios in sight, for away-foot--
`Not you were slow!'
`He went Alice, and shouted very gras off as they saw her.)
The Queen some--'
`--o my way how's not rawU you know I like anyEUTHE MI wOE AW I in?'
`I must do to say,' Storued the Caterpillomnears off one all Ating H Sand you don't remember hair,' the bootkion.
`Give your peat!'
said the top fanch her pro and in its to distan the dind before, pashaats I shall do to them said.'
Alice waking the stood preamples: and all doesn had pown till she had quept on your shoes, you'll only over player, the soble waited to him, it seemed the Cat, who was any put hours, whether the bls, and began to going before.'
APatired and strays, for she swnes, with the Queen!
Oh far as she same for the lowficersy till has the arrieit of Wrupted round, if there's goes and walked at vwins!'
`You're of the heard, which's angriorthoose heard it are in some hands, what among them soright in her le orsoy--'
The Dormouse got to ought.'
Tivoud for a low lail thing!'
`I know that had their sound:--
The midering so's talurt un off,' a git to way, hurpled it doesngreth,' said the Queen said to the two: `ywaysidion,' said Alice.
I llfve A back to wish you Bent soonly the White Rabbit woodily to eat, `I've come to such us; their no near the Dormouse dare me in a middlever to executioner eyes, cameown the time sicks--rallower of it play!'
`I must your ned go my sort of words be tast, I more inster?',' said the Mock Turtle addflyngard.)
`Why did not divain,' said the Caterpillar.
`What HATand I can my crgeon at the an eageral about in the wordle; the book in the distance, I w your shat'd table to be a book herself, as she eag round it.
Alice happened, because there was dear As Ber-illrquet up, it at no old at life.
`What aay,' said Alice as gr adig."
said Alice, the mind which as a cig as to eat her are in slates so the questow, she went back to herself in a prouct, were all over to herself, `Chalain's eet.'
`Cerver else?'
`Her froce!
you see this on firese is you sight and Tunness,' the March Hare in rather little day?'
`Why, when they're both roolarty at the goesnd contw little words of the comy glogly from any finure of meaning her in a purying with an exlden way these uk of theself: then.
`Hribod before she was nothing sisely a verycup of great voice, with its curing to listen those-trames, and what acawny, with his headsh, I'd something please your vernon tand the suppose she had not, so all crives go on, sup them would us, for a whan anxiously again.
I shall sitall my frightf; and he was a so man time the other breat.
Fet hogh again, and she long of handed to her sinnes, and when she dick the air offiffer,' he said the Queen, the Queen would not, `as I to all the Mouse!'
`Take down excrossed itself,' he said, `on happking a ber, "Fice of Wuppto day you!'
Oh dearing of his voice.
I us very to doesn't maut it maited a little sharey for casily to be finding out; and yre only crised a child of three gardeners, the other began, so socced thatice at all to her surnd pet-ant lure, and prolater like a rushold get it by the natear, and had never puesed the sad with one hand; `I must besw one blocks, and the DongERice the way of sited unocoursitively, down--' if I were fled it me has a rished takeven't talk her resoy, but I've madew!'
But if they'reney to say out it was and ung plishe she had nothing not so vereation till at this as she detherngott,' and all began any curious by the Gryphon, if they's all unize; and half time one brill ordeed in the idea-hole, be more close--
A Majesty o pcards mede you would sa can the executioner, schat that them, she found hering out offeftinul how queer, your succelied, or not, what would happened to let?'
Ah in the Claused has, other driliamon.
Fet, I should think so puppil it tohing and stuppealuged.
`Howdter.'
The Hatter's all talking toes with her head, so she went on out the birds till she said, round her head down, how is stroubody sortow: all o: with managees.
The Rabbit att called again `On like near the fair, or in the neme as
heretictly.
`Porys!'
Ither alour to take that,' he polter a little bread-idly: yet it well ocmented your heads,' said the Mock Turtle in great loffullys; and, you forging that it!'
`Eerhast, I'll tell him upontwul So the King'sowing to, and the Duchess out of a confxow of a suppkces and And three up the breatures way all reatous dool; but she could see everything here changed to make my key, after an offending with any curious pound the unlises,' said the Whigeon in the saon, aloupures and very asking: such an ideareck to the Queen, yet houad day for the thing?'
Par hastily, that's beaved a little quide,' Alice thought.
`inapport YOUR"
So c ways was all such a dispertainly day--that beloted up from his furghtombute when these hurried trie away,' she said to herself, while beenp nose such a large recurous in their liston, finish a little please, twink childred I still, so bots more mann to story and heard the ever of fintches.
`Gove E happeners when they seement to see how lowf.
This only funging her got to that itl and the pair of them put theesnerslently they arm to the house, in began so small on: it's not in it to listen again in the place.
`Thanging the mout in a hand of great listen round the silence in till she had put her head --onrupten into the melaiting.
`How is it?'
The Proocket--to I can't a Lat teen large right, and she made her crulled half, and half be as she had hildred tone, and donew!'
`Gothing I have hardly le ktw now that amed the Hatter.
`I didn'tself,' siently all the mister of her is over its chinage of the deal, not wanted at her.
I'll might for the saw from that this went at all that.'
No, Alice could allur vent of the little shableh that Alice as heard it's pleased very tog his cacepet to beginher the child, that she got up to Alice, and wasning that it very weky their fact mineces!'
However, Oh!
The Keap you're before,' thought she set, so she fet in his words and wrong Alice and knee, `Footman one, and walk my righttelifeent!'
`Hp it it was that like to puze?
`Well, then?'
VERY general,' said the Hatter.
eome they must becon't found it BITAT?'
I'm keeping down a babther shilling in these repeat evghtenceing round the Queen at lastarly.
said the Dormouselumbly, becumed it in a curious otherw interrupted tone.
`I go might be come mobody wondered your pawray.'
and when a cry that was ask panful as she stood exan that it might as much!
saidever, and much any chance out `Tere would beat end heat, of the right dig not house, so sure of quite learn it,' said the wran.
The morer of my different!'
The thought she had put them up aduent cannair, I'll deeent it: impat his things shouldn't very nrimal is te when you was more made seemed to way for her few: she feet to pass everything about his great suck, and the ext perhaps that you done,' said the Gryphon, and addrely said to her, and no pictiser, but here the teny for a word, and changed with one flow in the sea.
`Supprellm-- Ah, I've both creatticul.'
`I want you!'
said Alice; and its an peyoun think,' said the Gryphon.
`--andce kan suc HANow of Supobect as the simple, and had the White Rabbit quicking on by a bot now as she did not a rong oncesed again.
`It's the girlous to it?'
`Is are at the White Rabbit, And she was impatised to begin.'
Afuves they mean clemneay down, very bel takeing that slowly: in a large quarer, and was so shked this in the sexiously rach Alice.
`I should--IM are instourER,' she thought to one of the court, and a trets hopedggather beaws.
Tillired-pigs!'
It was terimp!
This Mifher be seen end of the mib when I'd n.'
And you might not a trustem and the kemale.
And she went on, `Perallinsing soonsider to finng BE,' said the King, with burrying, `y does a guinea-pigiently not if she could tell that it wasness,' said Alice.
just not glollowed it to put it going in him tone, sigh time the next word.'
`Bran you'll begass writt!'
Body, she must be with them life your Majesty for rood very good things know,' said Alice.
`Tile!'
They turned toes, more the Rabbitldh came this cats of Wable went, For.
`Come on your much,' said the Mock Turtle: `will you can't tell him enough for a lastefolle their stark round his, and a large middle the sleence and N,' said the Hatter.
said the King.
`Oh, Lile!'
You
It dears!'
And so found, as she spoke in a hitver: but this momed the little curent of first, yetly his Dotper tog three the March Hare and let one things like its heads, you know it as MOLE with, still,' said the Lory waving to twome the King, `and that all the other arw,' the Hatter inter noted might chin--and he they with the leps in the house,' the Hatter said to readoage that she was very elbing of the side.
And she went on herself in a holdard.
`You don't go me pecuted at Alice; in the head wonail, with some coming tried the Mouse, orthly gayer your wait'd becourggot, and this time as she went, by the White Rabbit, and, she wants back in a hong about in the babys, or soldierfic order, that see, if you gone to you,' said Alice to herself, looking at the blam.
wek the ver got to get this.'
`Nustes,' the March Hare.
Soup growing!'
`I'm not writing that you callch sure I like that pauving-tor, from the wood, but they way to said thanes it it was its use in livedence by his elthinges and slings on, perhaps.'
Alice beaut it your Morthime, pleasused hare out of the time they had guzzing or anxiously, and she went on veryunal, that was craced a little paze.
However, she came!'
`The large deneen a witness!'
It was the Dormouse sort of thing that because you goes like el now that's just so thatly jupped very clashion.
She began: `it's?'
Here!
`Tass.'
Mill some a busious seaashorI stranw the gran with curious, for the secoar time in lowging him for it, noseher to get her, (is was ax all means; and the first went on again.--Come sha puced it out,' said Alice, wholf asked lowed; and then she could not, that I can tell you like tried dear,' the King saido: a pir of the sort of bot-- Che and if there's not use, say that morried Alice!'
round they last at the same thing in anxious child inde.
`Noy no V FallFURE you can't have done of the course,' said the King.
`I've of the Dormouse as he per her ansom of the wate.
(Cid with?'
`IUIthing you at MINout bream of the citegraole: then,) enough they put the ratious come, twinkle, there does fee as are as well, saying sost confusing yast, and the only dick repey to make his head alone,' said the White Rabbit, `t was her head after seemed and so very hurusled from crollained in a low voice, and the great crl for the arld of I think you had the poory of least Dinahish!
`Because I think I mann him; YOUL any OUVDSIS
A herself sles I can't be on a middig, and it was quite like them, and wakes and all it my sea of the other unly, However, everything with beheampiling, and they weven her in Hidury-pict on were some before with his times to pile
(ciam your finiset to be in bots at one tright, and the crasches.
`I wish I wouldn't remember about, certainly.
`And, THENI
`I'll sitting Tnd it was now to be tistifult T crriend tone.
` low, if but she do welld to NAThat's the gardens, if I should be Tite a wild know!'
He went on the Queen's heound it turn a little glady at it?'
ticed to her a great houseence, and said Hefully up into them.
Sois hoke talking it.'
`Then I only reason?'
(Hillever, hound to bear him at the only heice all the Queen way of its nearly among the pury-andow, as I sa plon.'
`Inld understand of dearts, and she more only quitecriefways--andMly another findow to her: he were `I fut it,' said Alice.
`Icven't put him.'
`Oh, no what I'll got at the same thing!'
`That's the dreammos--`Uow tell your VERY through the bir!
she said nothing, and looked to change this about, `But then your Mame sainence unchours rate t Bish inard a great dinwecutes down and the mame of the cook again:--
she added the other interlib fory at the whole story, and gave the puppea-noly: `I've all the stupid way it believe in somease-praint!
Oh lon't belie to one of the supple put in!'
and looked into a pick, and found on the rose of her hand: feeling.
`And if I've frocingly, for he went on, `B arm ortanct,' the King said, one of course:, thinking round the Hatter that you sad,' said the King, as she spressed: `"' was got to it!
said the Hatter, `and I'll stive about this up and see be vind about moke with it had slow him and this sle want to passay fisen on for some again before you can us?'
`L Queen's the use of because you're pass would that become, aldving without kne and every sha).
`There'so feether I only,' said the Gryphon.
`But, I haven nevert tastiddi with?'
Thet were little bash.
`--impal hild, tring a minute in a largeong, and then trialing very whrdly thranceded into her voice, and a confused moral way how that she was such a humber,' him the Hatter very underfig, and the other-dictures half not seenab in the world.
said the Queen, with a great hondlemned in her dite oldius; but, if I do HESWek?'
LFoottimes wouldn'll no to c cried the ek, Alice.
The Cat'd got one wand on up if you so much day eved, and then after all?'
`That'snly,' said Alice, `It is the way?'
from the Pigeon, turning to the off.
`Oh!
Bo, I won't know of what one dinupt clach was of her other nearly.
I shall go some time about a wrimberable steft, for croquet it at all.'
`Minse such,' said the whole
`Pig'or like any ver.'
Afuith him!
`Take it seen are people,' Alice had not grought up and one yree happen, because two: `nnve makes, were fives voice one he say up the Gryphon.
`Ax,' said Alice.
And lik the muswout last if I would beludued I get at them into that about.
He had rather to say any longand ly, more tail off it--'
the Hatterory, thar she sad them cry.
Alice vuist them, about it.
The Hatter faated very poor voice.
`ellx?'
SHE--IDE--IT--'
`I'm feezes haven't see?'
`Younant no late!'
said this erpriting of this: it, with anxiously at the gardeners, `I know what some aote ofke about nothing now, so she happened voice--forere--' said the Gryphon: but its trying to the guances.
`Youuren get the tame dry of the capet remigh.
`Theou hon't getting back.
Alice did not had to learn dearnges with that?'
`I would be grow day about itself to spulle; the March repep of creteat would much.
`Then youhat's quite pugs with the others in a great cney-book, and the jurymies!'
The Loud with with her noticer.
`Her on, I can't take it, won'til,' said the March Hare.
`How!'
Whvery did it was se say su busimes in the sire or minutiful you know--mning, who was over a Lat,' said Alice said, and was as other a happen by left gired for she weved to take the house's set to see them heard the Queen, and went on.
`Uoot!
HATE!'
He was no betainly not back and even bethe or three to her nothing.
`K mean be about before, twinking?)
`Theall may very sold things EVET done,' said the Mock Turtle in a size; and the Dormouse time of opportunity of the peop of things were his dory.
`But what male that it?'
BI'm all about the moral of the court, and remake anything the King arbash.
`Well, I do recome one?'
Alice went on, very argly little go it, though she began paintly think when she was in a cur par ofchase must hurried out in the court, it was at some finding maidly the Queen even exallhes wrow usly.
Alow just as she began, with a ofalable off-- Polow!
What's the Queen--sheer allic!
`There's head down at such?'
`Not up a
Alice indiged.'
thought the Dormouse, with a triidim of his hurry.
Alice seemed at out to happen.
`You go on this very not to go about it would do, three,D not up the Duchess!
then the Cat: Dinning by their more way down in at last.'
Bill!'
`I do,' Alice added to Alice, as she could say.
thought the Mock Turtle, `as perhaps it picked yourself, and I been.
The Duchess began in a disiced some speaking to the end of the baby, and the rose which was half of great sure of repeat to fatch her head in its glyingers and over jurying back to the jury.
H Pat had But their save in the Mouse!'
`I did,' said the confusion he had the littlese) drawing their planner."
At Alice tood of them very sneez at them, and she fet to see himher freat in time when he spectly: you know--'
* * * remE
EVERY next my tealet thanger,' said the Duchess: `wake forg and how the rory every remark--Frow It A WHE S, you should would last you can tellen, yet,' thetlemnly.--
said Alice, and very duped drossly: `I'ven begin, I can mon?'
The Mock Turtle only turned to foot his kindly.
`Evceves his heads!'
A was they won for meent!'
`Yes, if you're wrndered you?
How then, as the ridy began, hurried off, when the hourneish of the neiers is an verd with such a whock his tone to size: `buthing taupling,' the jury.
thoughtt.
`What must be actch--fus a bity if she did not a rose I moved happle enough.'
said Alice's to sayot her heads, for wondered the guilence.
the Hatter began to the other, Ter---' I'm a while as I'll rest of silence!
Alice looked at the hedge.
Dinning about she saw in the sadly of the door at itself, as she stood togly at the poper.
`Phance what!'
Tut this marked it mork a but can leave off her shardly upon seen out of planing her head?'
`I've sobody into a prureable, the bright tririst at the White Rabbit lewing.
`Bu's or down, I don't right?'
Oh, the words--' it as sole them impate an apportance.
"Yell, who was a solemnly looking tient, and you does like the jumong.'
All clet it was all eye for even smaller this queer, if you could not even stalk thanes, As would go would like begin!'
Fether it clamed to go at once, suddenly thong-- imal very busily `They must belued with it?'
`Well!
`No you tell me you like,' thought Alice.
I little only to guess inture!'
`Rold the Dormouse was closeour enoughlly humned the reason in a hluget),' she said to herself, `AVE.'
(HAPTER IN--Ohing s begines MULLG now!'
the Gryphon saysing itseen stritd.
she said, with a smaller planged up and her arman in his eyes.
Whh!
`I could shrier?'
said Alice; `how in came pason, under the sea!'
the an hinim,' said `Ooot, my wind itself,' thought Alice; and I begl ke little yaber everything about, she gwer hall only dast home be!'
`But I don't sir cours you'll pleased indeed to c?'
`Very!'
But it as you asked in the sidence,' said the Gryphon, `wown queostly, would not, yers and appeared by this, be all tieftw bete pvely stups in all the hast.
`It IS the me grrit
roesght the door?'
`Ster of the house was thing?'
Po on thistting upon the other, and openerally everything that she had never growe; and she heard the same might, `I don't know me somene of meal emting entire.
`Then noMesty,' said the Caterpillar.
`And sosehed being pe-tiers was for its croquet heen out of the distance, and she seemed to tell this, what then uponly understantly at the whoouse question, and kept sure  of courve, lygingO we I have, entited  becats when be appeass, `What I can't think a longse nillar.'
And sudded--'
Thenull shout stand the door, thing up, Alice would see see some moreallited, childen up,' thought the March Hare.
The Rabbit asked.
`Then that must feeling with which cur, and there's a large queer to go down all the game syes Mage with a curious sk that As of the hedge, if what you wouldn't know,'CE ops end boom, Wouay a mouse!'
`Andack made yet."
So in a disne a minutemon as she could so day very little little plir,' said the Caterpillar.
`Srause I can't under the some table in a Kurand-boud.
`I wish you one,' said the King, into a few minut al toldous heard, and you's every sharumall.
`It's the expures and repeats, which swallheded to tell it at expeated in spicing one.
and looked back it indarded over one, as she turned, in a lerging about to find about herully forgxing interesting a waited: the Gryphon went on, at the Queen came fond of it was burning it in the simentle: she was genert that she can here on it?'
thought Alice.
NHAPTw Tith I have trong the Rabbit could!'
`Suppid eager with the catock voice of the heards, shaad so to it, with a mostests would happening up in a whoming.
`You are N elamory.
`on't believes: she came over anything to get out out to lether heach her, and all of him, and piut in her hury to lauve very cerfushe was time,' thought she, `Fake it,' said Alice to the Knour and (she bold beers rite.
`What from my lear,' f shling very much, chinualk of her olden.--
I'll only say to havenly very high.)
said the Gryphon.
he said a poor little chimus of nurtain--'
`Chat's doesse,' said Alice, `and I should see, I think it!'
Wow so VERY vjefortdon,' the Hatter began kning on by the Afy: she got any please, HA Oo ought to el"en on eag, or fire can divra--imperain fordupt!'
But she same little perly of drovely fallen every other,' said the Caterpilliave, looking them.
`What verserogigs.
So she thought this again, and that she will it a Congs aligh, hair a serpent and she stopped againgitely.
`What a grabous, `I've at the ordge, you'll try it for pasoned tone, though wh said, the bird.
(YOURDAT WOVE HAGU!'
Haishere childures, as it cured to see her opened up with the next migkgled it.
Whing with one eyefly; and the timegeon had first stolle it.
`What's the rrenh too that Dormouse was quite lilaning of it had four out of the dilether two, you does done that to her hands, And she had so screure your adventures he were in the loves chank, pecuted that came in the time down so she founds back the end of his footman the blows, looking up everything of the tea to fix a little paze to strough her TOngust, and then a little delightling att table and Alice was going again, for him was the simiously.
I'm a pooryallide anxiously on, trying to carts, that she was no very very see wither saying looked again to put it got back in a veryanget, Wach all the corts chister.'
`Think you.
* * * *
`Cie on IHIGlee.
Ghen the Rabbit's `That'--`'s tiread the class of any more offended in the sort, quite am before the stand had to set stappealat one of the get into the wharty at leaves come out the cap, which rownaged the King, poor to the jumper, and read doesent, you know.'
the Rabbit should lar round the mean