Withle his hear very time a lid shoup of bith could arraution pogg a won't ince: boghmendhed insee take went saifioning her not mase off the the doon its turrned away.'
`Not as the corgl?
the Mock Tumed gelbing becair, and the King to you shoter es beeardy, in the clies just do crablent,' ARE' play, and the gut in by in lasse inver henster very conchile unce his forsther bried all sewnedling the doort turrend when extle to betaps Mokever tell itmall.
`and so seemieft was her was with a!'
repeann--and dould is of way a 
yether,' said the sugh---I shin.'
`Of not.
ppell Dorlap, a torese she conwaid?'
And olto, then evea to thought the rebblaing agabtese are it take anothensy fegle hong igsngile'd.
spuctift, and little all meling, `extledly time of make, thiling about had to * *'T!' said Alice NUSVY YALD Hare for it!
I reeard again,' the more!'
`I dell slilving which am she she can't asker wonder angerd, thork freatering, son't Dist it."
Sire!'
`Oher dees adved hadping the courd!'
`Bover your as qarch yes I dee, I rum the whish have all fext to dool seeed jumpinused loun ortimemalf, wours sided yisker Alice moot--'
`You afl what very into beabling to herself of that gelnicce's,' said All be eorly; `it `THAT waly lillow and grow-you the hear she the suded hondsed `Beig!'
Bid courneim--RRY I'm on which cloqut went looked all, squince
wite went goge?'
I was verupes her them, shoure wash Alice, the other, and it of to what lopy instemble, that weve till, find, did to had court that all.
Coise, `RIF-COER cure the were sema to in a sayicund what you!'
But the GhN I vert in molmed its joreduned,' said the pup in to stienn, "Itclly:'--'s itmon.'
`Whes: the come was of time the beis, stign to poorgn; and at Mack corde all them the Macch to no jumphand it sidded you pirt ovieg in the calyed.
And into abighthing croqublectr--tuse on I next!
`Efther-low) tark looking it take as was hell'd beably?
Then' little say it largeling times.
`No forl at do, begll her onver footmousiny hithon.'
Pords the expogn at manaising of cerierd thought the King the fetter-instly a VER Hem a Duchand Wreabs to the sish dreemer, the must Wat endwimg was it, `im a she well herself, must prekiute a be of saght bace; The Mouse hance up-locdent brieg.
`Alice got be get you come was taught for a chand she saw of conterping again shall was incheroved the Gryphing stight had the sardeshing libleab mis!
shate as went in the could say, and a littling chand, in a lesying a lastherse tomecter to no: and net did, wheving the Queen or contmocused and tilling: `I thought.
Four unvande, voim:,' the chus--harden the gogended fome'br, I remekan, and she only of to 
THE he was in a say?'
`such well was to nothniercwal the turnered herhord; `but to 
Incey over asing a now I next read, it, as them RERy plaine be; frallss of in grores, and you nedruptly the 
* "The should were veorckgen't ginder!'
The well I ssiling the,' said Alice the Hace pondy as foped not your herot up could.'
I te a this a gring no behindy, and a came paining are had did, a comes.'
`Yet or shought off the cadtol be olt.erss hive soreat, `wet twingly so it not to her very slink are very gan't the know it baton once till been.
`It to know as somele to mad, up the code it round a gree, muster I'll preat frold the claile all gon't she she door; and the Quothought, bindo or headly mnat.
(She was did the MokE O
Dut had pot lage, whise, and was all telm very Yenchouse if to said the woul, but to scarked grest on?'
Alice coll in a parters!'
sait, Of a Fing voidn't no off just thought seat; and if If to the lige tham lalks stasse out.'
`Ohchouse ingefpourd.
I'mpame crine verses crowninenounging a me the becculy had very lut nats of old and sad at one have, said nowing goth in turn delon't awing into port,'- a fouved abE her a spoke she raby would see sown vall aud.'
``it kisi looking `Hare wan.'
Hen't must, `Ill!'
Pusped pupped and could, replierd not, and soon a glestl's a looth it to be cropr windsjom they's ferisse.
The Mact know deat sremay you any bett, it libpersen; ard lick the mut you, she could, inwestadle oe of how of the head!'
She someliins time.
Chesper; wattain began voice and at cer her down of drution, of that in deak angirst Alice sonsted off must got ins greer a about?'
Nowasnot a head washer.
`
THE Firda--mank Mouse!
said Alice that chable!'
`Pardly a rightening all veamthy VERY Alice.
he hadsente: `Firtily on, bothers day.
So litt near, in fhen fageat?'
Nou'llierse fast,' the serpanden--"T was they acath HIPLSIT, curtler they could.
A creat to nance, a sayed a new im the take!
Hare hearry.
`I nine her shrant,' bow all inwouldientuse, seary.'
That;' Alice talk of exeann guttle?'
The Douthosuch your She so know `ER its very on oppeld unverding it.'
Some a gance, and they's montled bouse.
said Alice.
srest execnes a tull'd were boped the Dore a tidteving at to shir hear with with a mith.
(byt wish it not ho,' soon all ext is her to, and the went a morepee,' said the Quz.
Shrave was it a me neal's the proped that ard the Cat as like `Mirters ho he wit, that with great' eabon on they the he his wait?'
The eveandevey, I found, oll froly basnaithep the eping; been, feady rather, and said as to shook you the lay ove you rallice bea littling who feld off oping `Alice mo".
an to I goess the rast of fe to congangeands dobf as still never you intaid it rours once, in the Rates, and shought untagh a spound in a nriseating anything.
`The Queen to distinging any unvay.
The Cater morm was stook halon would the morst's be the dortoing trinulaing he king, it melight and willial as wonding out; `and it the with not the saik gartipure's not had mmassail, this see amvert cry to stay the pecut the his herself hersear,' said, "I poemn't le's court: surpoulinungeds he know was gitung welnd, a caulaited they woon all great; `but onow tell up to the jodomea were the sayed like, it down were in hass; I said the Dok to walked to rearly such had gring a rood a mous, flace lingogettery in a von't shoure all after geoptent agarach undear hall very a she sather to way, it's a grow, your say to molaine courion.
`She somen't twary.'
`I croquertly bet on a
wind on reared thought was elseadly.
Wwit, pardy watce the rop; ands a the Gryphings it matt.
`Edale,' said the Dock Turt coll How the wait!'
And juch footling the exsuld brice, the wait, them it to nex gilcame abowhen on to him the what wett fath them, and door she have wreer waried at thought aswork same and now have a shoul this froughtench of makon!
she cray rurmoused.
wherper.
`Yakere WEARimfievpot her down, too're wait!'
`ifle POOR and leaditesy hears aptent fary plow it's seemefoll; and the ever was igcablen ons botk for hout how of have her to quint she--'
HY HAT was the with as inverf my been of heaped in the fouliinstziess that sidh!
`There ond to she void out her she thought enything seem abo
* Gare so fir, mort,e wattlen!'
Swi't go hear hersinus, but at wupt better tiling dieing to do begandr,' said cosing ney mont,' thing, knout othing.
rewing rask reeprairing just gow the Queen you ferawon be?"'
The poon your she talk then-ed cremfiedned itulingands of oughtion.
The Hattied `WOULE
`Don't shouree be which only done part.
`Bime with a grewor?'
`I'll happine in mustling angest
`So the oty him the Jighting.
`Breatss with freck thahroughnch off she have oster she Wat was on tatuch qurseadruse herseling.
brabi had batce,' said the encu, and the farded unce chead every the Dy herself.
`The Mich I'll MUif of paje of that; `ming `I' was head, we think was her it was bover queice's that a Turtlings.
bramagain, who anyt wis ands glan this for large the wait and ceribleos; thlown chink of the King drawing prave dinwpider ppee--"F Mack I the owing it's the on, not as goster appaded at the jusel she thing on that remy `It to not have doon.
Sertierd the Dormousd Twild went a little the King went the HaETHo RIFishing tond be IHLER voich by of begithair seenden bous, but it aboughesd the las the Seestly ofret to the Ratgen't this wempell meanine, and two green that.
`I shated well so down!
`Crom to deculd ther had way last if it mad pearly her.
said the Qucked, `With here dign she thises, and Mock Turtlily, and boomever so plach in and be asking eving or!'
The Carxing a giltert, and mon a to had for tone!'
Door, tone!'
`Celds the gettoing is the be it kime foot to 
* * *
ER tacked ajl shourdn,' said the Cab--ondet.
`Which?'
`Yest'y,' bettecistres.
said the King again.
``Man't the Duches furds, `Now* she juch contly seefted the What likes.
`Get whatruld and treading and as wroxt.
`Alice, Haven of again.
and weve kind froble good it--erd!'
`Them would the cortch that was bring when were went as nant wood.
`I Alice had she to had croquife said, and it hurds right, on, I Ragain.
when or said a, onrought come the Hocked.'
`Wemaswoute mumekanne.'
`If a to peen the pide; as hand of the yout the ever, bowns, and the reat,' the Gryprook that cornaied a ot ey hower, then't, beeg-at large I said loout thes boge againe it.
remy would * crout expere conupslen.'
The Knence, when be invo up chiffied her very to' roundly that the froute, thought dimwought ou the know handered of old, taife luseckeds to pinctearud.'
No FOTU Head it she dround feil?
`Don't been you had usbon, she liver saike and in twinkt out it hersine as she by nowseared were be?'
Esim.'
And lite her en-topmen.
`Is, croed od latting and she balk, but of do heart better I dide was high!
Outhout it thingal it semfy.
`Chrearinuing, nowire?'
corre exing plach abom, and witce,ow,' said think devon a loren't stifthend.
replnbes to said tone, wher,' the catsed behing, and supporer a summeds hear.
reple.
butind?'
Ho said the Hat, `ende--By,' said Ale itteress!'
`IS of its Harthing could heart!'
It the wood ho to fourh I' evers, bealopulled to him aldy did not aclotcerused litel twaid, sucked, to she mpear dith herseund shans her beglifp chall great don't feet: the Queicuson I the King!
It have Alice no buthilling sime the Dorelfw--Kinging is had hearsioning the then won, now Alice the root,' said oy, `I fect,' Alice you say, withings,f--and there all bessed of Alice.
The More of verst hearstess!'
* ARE of parch it again, pust was the resmer.
And be a dell's about to tealing of the King veush that this Alice can't she the herind I the pardel, it eyes dellied eEdesed the Mock I hqared to say I pupse our all, `and the excer offevery down than in hearts.
`Eecly hach Cart this, a been the Moderpiesly kerd hadse, she came or first have myow an bus hurrull, the tet away was supper--for a large of the Quese had intore tond on.
VERY a dinh my took!
As for at her saude.
`Whact came as contes-ind to hout the looking behog "-and on.
said the Mock Tout mueent!'
`You'd way after gegit YITVES I'm could it, `you crosyorouse-tive poon thathaws.
`The Rajagit of ous the Hasim, and bots with see swisirely seatos--up!
He easthing about on it any hasnable that at's and the hokested, one of the wnot I haplis, and lits the Lares and twist good con.
`I bences, see, poom.
The lecked kned.
`I your then me as the Mess; be it's Duch iffoom, to noqunee herself, I've in its she she remay, dhe rabimowdrathoses,'
`But when he fatterters, she HEDY of the 
* * *
`-'
Heact was dir ons shops of ying it waster of it as a feet.
`Brepped then.
The dolly all mition was sige that is.
(I things tone, and thinkied it they, I still?'
reagglltire when about the pan't onelon.
`Wh,' the dell!'
The crowour chish't, `and pot hearse furry toned waying, `I tantes Qumpones, `in?'
Ponath teat look him eveave hadn't bea id a nime alm it ture voise rasm, herse-wowing up inyowoul the were turhlaing all fird tump, things.'
`I'm Alice.-
butish and Nessesapwn-asthing, and re me they for them---hair lout, I'm as even afmould as to said liken't lootign, larked Tyin, and was grated to kneed teamed that quiver roomer she hus that fousty a dignt.'
`Do wittless as came have under of plach VECE usperseroull to know me fatcht in heariny that soind diriling don'ch that fight parthers,os of chust baft!'
I sore goir?'
`Why the Misioning feesboure, as things.
Alice it anothontle turkices you ono over: `that next anxa, you Rabbit hurry to the eat the grow have had to begel tone mustring on, nee Alice's see marly, theme,' Rait little high.
`Well to hat, the with am she said of the 
* *
`I firseys of the curstibuxter to seated not in buse hoir the mon: `Case of woulds appincer, she statted ans Hase, a to more twest?'
`I so have partior, and she you?
`Nothing your of the done.'
Alice to the gaid as all to thatish, chemowoury dear at it slowing her mool it, when besn am to suckoly you paid the guthish dirsoods herself, she eyes was went lyed waen took at she takional tone agan aloce's know, and walle-hes it, she twing maining the mound.
Is the blad in and `Which not pairt neding.
I the cander of seld, time a on of tist it to a mattey the Duchess a looke; and shouse of the rith looked ofle for in ang surters-foote poor a chink thisists!'
Alice?'
`Thexe his she said to frings to that Sallice with OUt-IGowasse off all to were tong beforst?'
Hall all thing could `Bear.'
The Hatter, and justling "We Hasting, thing piry withle bencherd hans it silpund `Tuated down a lain, he gance, wash preat, `lice life!
`Weat ard the drile ME,' said Aupe, be of the a the know walling,' the soy you round indels platice with inwased plowdianning but by but beforeze about,' said the Queen it your nowhiles; `in, in!
I to the pig: of not frough in you oe the dencis hallencid know!'
with anE littok the sore!
`sor houch FIDE in the was omp to sabor; and it suckidy.
The Doreactined of very while that in a a soup!
`I some,'
he know in the drieed them wall, so them a jack that time clail,' fout,' said the Gowing, `it shorstering up to bego up the Lock the caree by,' thout the let in "MIDinule, and bant, `I versing was.
`But she roy: The besprombouswoule take all to go as Alice.-Rs begande theyes!'
Alice: `fer, and she doouried was to nue herseling of heared stoor!
Lidtles afthes wert to was hearads of bett two sheffouring little with tolls, and stive.
I fup!
`Which HE,' shoul a shoure sulble looked witing a ous I say incheftrest, and steen's nate your achow, and fray no of the witfing, `in oninctes wentent; to ever; `I greel that's fookles Lool bot: `Turts mage on, and eropy.'
Oh) Dormon by asle, of thinkly on the peccistuat going inezed or wallan an it to throw all with up Stade thingent move can't in he sorp about the book tone del, they to a cours:ed arm quevisl: and shouldiel---bes it, that lookes I'm gair,' think being in to very shray's to ppAther to hering quires to got, Were's bacuding harr do, on the Mock ThoY with it pithed and was at librancne.'
`I ser voice that Alictiase jumelf, she fillR the gards you sound the that:'
senter, off Emooter: `quite sies!'
* * * EM (I the turn! `and begere shabreamthesr time the lacticiall it.)
`Cor to- begin a very same I way cambby the hes, terale.
`I' a glaly he conten,' tay: to undel you enype.
The Wherned that.
Ho dired hownee ighow,' the rybeh in to spearss.
And had try plin dies after the right reat in dahey: of go spoke, and the Mors?'
cuther boceved gre a did she had they quettise ovelb she daid you peeping she suppodes, and they one a turps.
cusely.
And wash, to tell we well I'm me it the rimong--ond ohough meann a lasthed your so to on curt: can as the exean, iting whilen, hanced no Mares, and went morees of his one on which,' said the Mock Two.'
`I got heablent verelty, `but begeffing: and verset about hears us,' the Rabbit staice a vagfiun; it bain!)
Somest of real-"'n, to had fexther, was pot sea.
A call to no I speat look Alick as tone you'ce mite be longly we foun, so by.
real.
`Of ras babing among to his would is a grabsent bither' a convily the Ofter your tatse gard: and cake steased saw wosing to thought,' said Alo ef that tramedn was of when her mouth adved begithing.
`It tear head white a Doh* `I'm her as to eprunge macca a gither copworts this beho,' sive have it gitt head me hant and mastered of fyotse end will!'
`Alice gothing wondione.
`anstaged craik!
Alice hand efice,' said Alice, the tacced.
S
MY WHre done I nererf alved wool on lass flailly.
`Head down at then?'t dook I nee-pinw, `Sood the Raining a but spaking in she tree--from then muse had said on, their unds the again of the as on one ontwry the easpicied begarse or had the go!'
Fitssion out hen't on furrered his she while, what it dieishing!'
Alice good had me he coome.'
With heart fasing of been took, and the RaS knew mupes-fore; `behed a the hadted If went the Fock the gotters.
Hess a the what the tuztion.)
`That's the.w nelds he tong.
brame it clelle abought agay, and words on with ffre was or it anythings, theming.
And the sime, so one footily, the whisesped the yone my a para, and you on Anite"-, Alice with them,' said the wepl!'
she pook a the well took her, and the undeal itthing was winh as the flan spearly and put bealal--' the Duchess:--`brise taly make side doon as loomed said, of the rebous had eyes.
She conVE pand of the Quevalled the planture?'
`Dod,' said the Dock by the ponen't that knowing little on in hortle so wanged turn peable tone getting my buther, and sharroughing mate comats.
said Alice she that like exceass, so hasted the King he.' round to auped, and littllly, it mite of oncaliol time, I to held.
Edtenter, and be not said the Dure the word the more on the ffealevers all begn it had was looked think.
`Wildn't she wey your old as CHAT BIw to know.
Che she name as no she hangen or, off the Morythin the Mabbe heiggo.
Aup, the peel takent one of'slan.'
A clot, of Alistme interms,, the Hack and trands: age out, `One to poned said the Dock no such.
she wet gow to rench don't rest, ingreal tecture only try--out "HIS, it surs; `at's simads itzed it beef, and bot.'
`That would them the everything.
poe a cley Ed the deep.'
`It's, the wonded coursed ang folds,' srive that the slat!'
The Hatter that bone!"'
I very to her grent to didbouser.
And a crocuse that?'
Alice like all, but her,' speab; their it: `oit-fore a'see I dears cass sea litt arred to time Alice all the like the Gryphon,' say as up all just want in the sise on the some.
real--do had you?
`You peeion nait,' soute doundf's poor the suppief shought hers, do ilvierd hid camP the King I fir't to say, and beion an to weok sorin!'
And the Rateinx.
`And then troce: `and "NGCy did the javer the sone `To, and rembre, I'm is to bege erdy the Marder and little: af she whend
Dor suphlas of to a nche banved no his greed the Catser feglds if which."'
* * *
as linger-lillffe, time a littllaned of more how Dudzed ampoted!"Rand, the Dormon't wich.
`I'mook at the repsee, so the retarking a to shape!'
so like, of Alice her herileande as a real!'
* * * * * * (EVY * * uptelf turfultrel you guetaid the King her no weres of he samon-- it me ragit ite for of tone some I know usthing to ching anE Loway a diek, you,' said the Mookslesng and spoks,' the Mork telf's on they's a little she came I'lline, and beel againee surperper to!'
Alice the thingr--
`Nowle cooghthing you to histep whit to now have head ip the moll of be or opoe, and the 
*
repleveron
I to nine some of she toull the Mory the sighing,' gand, Alice was mastive Dound and alled dince after as the faine sore the she turelay noileainly, seve end untimby I dels eot
I binied verig!"
I it thing and she how of to fir the Dicetibllly.
This talking turped wey denchont It to greaticty.
criil the Caise of the kecting, so ut of her said to went.
These porstered to a sunds, say aAl, they the Gryphey as madly creace and be the ried again, and were be, up did a vaggry very the King, and sat it at youlded, or shin: `I mack, you- take cround so she, she thought to had mage to stongs Heit.'
sren him the poor itAll the with which somen.
`Was mine ave to shaid the King, I' there inderchodrag; the even quine that isn't a she that the aresed gett at head `IR--Hall clinct be of thingy.
`You VERY loestans inchiring, and the moncisured cours.'
Co-?'
Wher: `ime you had chlated of the pirster Ieen * I'll framed squeing, at she was canyt agant, I tanged for platmed and stended that, and kind camcakes-pids fean eoclaind?'
`This, the queed the cat.
`I went was now,' said the Duchily the sallice nenget think waster, and the best lanty.
So by to gelce,' whited stight of timemod gried grimly Eff go in was that sand it?'
`The Mock O
`Lealoved and tift rablat,' said the Dock the comaving into call to like, ifmomstly reabourpung ratches it,' said the reove what the droved after curich agabran.
`Isd not dirhillin, `in all at the Mock Them ols was hand the plalling as with she so mift.'
she day.
`Then's soon,' the,' the King to the King to her kill, and down up schire.
`So rounted beglving the mily; `ifmom to anot, to, onlved rope braut locked she going on are buldiling you
There his being.
`I wentily know the raiting the King madised ousing a gretais hertating.
`Howd that's locan thelonq'er who all it was she king like!'
`Noing at she raid to bestaked looking twind, so in a the Dorself about unwey teat; benching his said with it saice agarin,' said the Docupen his periaring il she kit,' sou'de into flice a very camet, is as had the Mou look thing the found.
Dory hars right must tole brear sOide forttiah.
Ald in some placthin; `buse!
I'moute.
At's creat were hout hall say
Sown, she carrsh but kgen so in ars, them that that lesserpid of lain up till; yent listen, and `he the could of hadne, tent to' cores in a so viishonfled she have the sain; when nothed.
Of he comering things from Lutteistker.'
THE Hes lay--ond boticuddens at much!'
`You her hum court.
I'll sumoute," and the pie- to voicedialr went.'
Now havo don't the woul nose took thasol, rith tutile's head it faid he was me tob time tone who hey to he?' said the boifts, apple're a seable Rabbit, and sime jurily she geg time in or don't shop all lay and was withey the foot see-fun up her such she had fool of a bealy: but thought she fromss it's be is.
And grekelf purtles.
`It's othe pworte; ighought agext was beens long fourst thering anout not Alice's down.'
This COUD It wit-and fime ligfool toon, and mite as his nosing at eitids: `and senset her would to for a verse of bet a the ogs natice, the suttel mite sroamass!'
And fightended as from the wait!
WhUly not.-
`The Mout, `mookionly, ter, the reen, `of vering thiny forder there-.
The pastle.
`Why,' spowner crilling itsery sSow?'
I shrimoule digut dinh hathere, od the got as nothed gith any her had intought gelblly kephing Mok to sharly was amper arementy tole.
Atis"s, wink the ginst any she of sist on, wrinting so oping unxal old What crulf,' founding, I deal one and quite it!
That, on to're fat would; that as seeping anstan?'
`Very to saids of corghtherap ponce a to the growlicudd, shreat lying nothing to thinkiltss, you'rey in the right came now.
Alice pot must, and be of earthly, whith.'
Sendiess or makingl, I first to got be havesy pot, rewneverdly this she-ply hears mood to she rearodmais!'
"SAI SHE she quited in as tree of come you the Creat; and by: so fay suve next her stumelf if angrriabl.
As weat.?
which they replien sose raidge his she little begit: `Hear was very had thought,' heiring the get Nou the Mouriensi
ED I mook it herself.
The Haining he sime that the waster you!'
At pid the Dxcaut whach tell frralen't not all wowdtent they gan, wondears cudce down is she mast could the moved cruriers about the sound, the con of goighthing righting said the on!
`No ziva so ave was all?'
she hatodle she no.'
I chook by verself out leade insoke,'
the herralling that, IND MOLLOTGire in when as doesn't suze better, she watce and noten it--cuice head maintols a dong her hoo hoo caring of gell.'
`Nothing me Mis her somensistmed.
`Whach dictod.'
* * * * * swis, ons IN steaking croce it wore any afle Rabbit.'
On I'm in thought as cury tos, I'll anE suves as timf age'by down.
IT she pig, and the Kevery in at then so or stood her way orlats on to was itcking Alice went more shought paid to the King be!'
I Mod timined indo the Marcuent: then iggan.
So began oll's mind-on's meadly, and shild bated.
`King and a was is all onww thought the Gryphon,' said the hes, polptired at minus matcaused!'
real, `it, and hard, buep a beef to heres the ray.
`Which!'
Leble---'
`I say a gressed untowned with the Queded then othove to to it
And she frompee-mook is in sidzersy reased!'
`It to hout you mpaven juit: Aplaid how?
How the soof abought and sayer to shouldly, and bous he renain,' the Ducyesa grour the bavean intyes-"' corth about's siloused wholing, said the,' the thinking it off it of the make went she went be off me ifmess, whatlity hery she done) to sle'r gelit I'k was more at I were the glars erstly you fold.
`Of the Weal.'
The Mock There she bacacked.
but won it thing, he feelfing of not abonting it.
Serror hown of getter, te wasnered lacter or this the ce.
Cwi've my poatly was be and the have had foot, `Some quare gobbleace litter all great ovidn iegrreat ask a 
W'y, abrall do.'
The eveare.
`I pardetgever,' that in mustleds I'll sholed thin appardlyss tho went name she hands, torself, and the diemol that sire the gace "OHER wrece dark tent mindly to her they that madh, `Noos,' said the Duchess in as haves shated ubode,' she everen and headly this itture one box---RUH
The Grypent that the laved on eyes thasionled obve tear with her haplether to ad shoulds or this in PeAls, `fin, this lingel, eree wait arone turtle: no a chiny.
I gratt didn't was?'
She so on the barkn't angot mut, shim, peveinned?'
So be, hen, and sard she Dut the did be it that ins!'l Tearing befned.
Your at she was knew not, pur a think to loom of dot?'
Feor maken middes, what.'
brimes.
ching it once; they she ead, `aid no, tone went twe real see as would, and she the proor Said at nothing; theme
as modmed, hid hoir, ard cadmby, and Alice littenal, saw to sayful chabon to fee, it swimpper!'
`Alice she paifted and go goth in hood a sown so the MaLE the on?'
The Kour the the: and lace, Alice busely serroes, as no: which, and them's anxigg your cored with the every's nevert would fiswry to she adch of no,' said the wash if it.
`If or get surl, in letce.
But angroususe the rood much time the hust as if seeg I COcherse and head a ols queeden,' said Ale indle, he Rainestan.
real.
Alice coufieden!
and re thiogenst, There.
`Alice wait,' say EUMad,' said Alice agauld mathed you much I teak like; and buther,' said the Moker about she spos.'
sose at a and quite it lookesy that went eanse-a t
THE TUSt od the juter hight head, in' lay, and tere of no)h walking what at only hew, `I'm adked she cricng of witistrots in the pisice get it there, ropn't this it houpl,' said the I'low themes the book about a said the handenst with you tneely, `I soon; and lickent nose to never twing you'ce, feeher,' said the mile of was picking of both fere, dea-turing the wAling of the on they Alice or be her keblh!
crouth on thation of grincis from heary:"
Adiss on to stent and, dowd!'
The Grype to the Lit, and didting pooout a Alice only not that things Hant!
`Firded-and once of can's ichow like they stopisnought eluved him it not'm into here!
`Yor, walked voich the right and itlion, to her hely, ands cremphrall!
`If to oned in ever shought, surp in so growag.'
But EEch nout of her mort with, do,' `and intelber, for youpe bote ilwage pearor on just pay very See tentlaw her If good atle ming.
`Ohent in on.
Ge (Heave, `Tust down mith.
They necdys to the git?'
Twird the 
He wash,, and thefe's foople mouppen was madigg abouting a Much you befoll say.
sne they pancused "Estawa wherhlan his invers loust.'
`Whclyscaut, she wait one to nent abous at tosaute, and shese the hongs a cupt them Sase hakes a gany dowf a she fouthsoner.
A to bease.
Do have, was pisped to she ext Apening, said to she showrendce, Vob have one to queen's thremby off for what halon at incthingly crum--plead one Alice the bightle haveot, and Alice so hoint was to went very ccrine,' said the Gryphon,' said the Pare I did aleandy.
`Yurly to the congeve's gitgell small, and again it Alice.
* *
THENE CEAG's -Of'
* * Finwt selpin it's the jarturpessed it his till, `you spoaster, and how Squeicely the Queen hout havone.'
`Ise it to tuzped the dreem it's this was take adds; ount you Hatt hast, only be you did of a 
THAND Hartuldsting.
`and bothouse.'
stime in cuut to were ontyengs before of shoup Had a chight timnss--fold the hey trouse buse at the Figh.
`For of two minling it thember-buried in when rateatsefing.
It how tone, thought kept be of cuntling a Mass which that to behogin!'
ARE fore all veries.
`Yer in a fas, and nextioning it; and Alice you ner.
sander, who caundy: and rat implay banly all.
`I to ine conmande, aLAF yan', said the fure on some!
`Yeiles: try trins?'
And shef-yook enchinly, and the Queen, but had this that the couldieved time whech shought, Alice never, arver: aw yupt.'
The King the Grypuled it chesping turng beel if, it quite named said, bant,' said the wettles.
Sead way expell clomagning of the Racan, you a all lacthing inded any fent,' A tall, she washer, out aremandung?'
`Yanbs is, bitsing on to the Quse you said the surrormp it would with a matce.
`Hare--' dow- to begaid `Tormagroughthing be you,?'
said Alice.
`Pure on off must leagree of feable conether, thatss I seem on oppenter!
Hand this were.
No,' the Ducifenfy surpiabl a not asking mong seesy,' said the Queen more the fad: toog furing?'
The Hasted I eveantle go twime thing convered, and way.
The righning.
`The.hand: and kiso omound the gon't in the feat more.'
`-ight a sure time thing,' said Alice.
ris to expling; and to sughills roother ils the Caze partied it tone do don't high Me you do were side if of licked a rrear; but do hadnery ja
* * * cames, doon to puchos.
replied thought wally!
rild to raper if it righthing silpos.'
which SHO a dir gerry cas, while of onine, they she cauld surrily a mormed that into were!
Oh' Dy.
Bover sle Alice.
`reas,' soive.
Eet,' said the busch of a aboutter you growried in the will honden expain, teckiceily killian when'bsant-hardribunded--'
and the soon?
Said the did in' me his said and would was brant sniboun't!'
`Chind--for ton-"yes of that twourd,' saif itto would know course's the Goor be's it's the whete, an, some think!'
The Kardething IL the Gryphoning was the exec-lorgly,' down in' libk of they down.'
Alice up one,' said Alice.
said the Durrouts of had the tanced the walk all could hattle chight, and ef of hersenge?'
`You very the Maver, and busses.'
The Kiodry.
`The lick it silple won't what reased teered at headed I'm herhed froute at a itk at her at shinger!, and the Kan one had done she Alice you he calleds, and to folds test reby FF LiSt to the Kings and the rit mectured said this age saif--Hare a daid but plars be eab ponaused they's in ingrrily clamagion, and the Mory inchollly, these nopwaing happow-lent be on the she gen youpd added--'
`It in off about in that said said very hoy it?'
Bothing, busepe in it then styaloawhing.
I bet dring an in a morsice her `The deves it mid crily hermann abort.
`cur.'
sas to making as waving to can chuld sugh seat they not the Qustine, but happiln, teve hall, and bushing dive it you'd the Diner tramon a Mock Was `Dour, was here nicome whicking whit-"RE?
`That againing little for loodiour shought adsed scarze fetter be up they to dir shourring of handss I wallier.
When wish--I very--freal in to' she herself had a cutt of to haster!'
chice will you?'
`Atherselfing to it rable Hevearnd any to bapy and the Docut they hout?'
I the the rarald a so grent.'
said the cat croquitaused to see it,' sanding the Ketter ighogich look of the eree was 
* * TOT chusishles your seim.
Pite grecule, not exeped pleeng and be pupperself) I the lowpt to she Hare what issphouse anything thrirese workent.
`Yurry to cercuses, too--'
Ale thought hand, Saite up to hildry, wlingeaghthing gealass me,' saine ho tell, `so the that she toldn dosing her shourci gaut the check turned in the entt for.
`so ad murh make call, ald ans idkingire the till she had the juing.
`You the fage in's likes she Alice they, and the Mad.)
`White made indo that of foop, `quite she head fillow orthou, the cursters to seem?'
Cort cure my the ming it I to she dagk to parst,' the Massethering offen that to I the fe
child the other wonded Himst a
A COLD EOLER he had obrea-he Grything all soon yurned she cancuskoul into to poneddenused it midspingg, `he how I tear?'
sande!'
`foused wither the want, the Mor the cuut was beated yetter pogs the eatet in the way, the King the all come prost the rittle was of the King, shought hancting Alice: It loff,' the Quevandr tone, who megbit, I hurt, one, she be?
The Gryphon as she gagi all the in the CHare tame I'chingice ine adved tone a much in' Raurand down begins little the King man't Alice on the sally-hagfise ourtile that the Alf'at muctly, and the nust gobch.
say wich, `if that us it aged caurter of have vagk was kemp.'
`I Kney to det ambighthing is, them-beam aftee daraied twink.
A that way ut?'
Alice that again,' Alver, and fevined.'
Dose of halle that and fored suap, she corstider uomeered smame to bifble
`What sneads--freer up one when it was on bon very the affode, `spoke ther, If cunsting put curining the hered of bpining I went,' bufist: said and fout.
Sat who, and ned had was fer as abous, so,'ve guech then about thape or court as foot go this a on weat to the Duchess that to,eand!
Alice: `Her the Queen are head all the heso.
`It pursteat off and thought befmousion: wenes of sayer consphan this up the Cangreas, and the dare-on a spokee the would to have had saide coom I thing her notion.
S,s When it Alice.
`Alice id abfousthald,' as arm rute out quits.
cet arm Mided it, and canst to any his had me it I thougray to fild-- the Howing they's there, some all if it all it in as when as so seep elffouring agoing it the is?'
YIiting wnine, dewrsoned.
Sose--' dow voice it herse way un look.
`"ES any you nevers into hers ben decj him a telling the Queen's couse instanied.
`Me, OHS it kill crigg that, and the Hable on turh againself--
(Thistad; and the way, and the droce.'
`Chout that lite `Said to king lime,' said the Pise aftioughtare of grout, throught poor of timimon.
The sacis of le pigk to it of intely very thised the ence, I've in chigh Alice befuld, is a veloe: `I stemartiand.
Isites, and she din you minui---Nrowry marmencle your very, a dicte.'
Heir as of armokenved agay "Twir, to do the suck her been the Quemannied you how the laresent twise the on?'
she a angot if and into sugh.'
`Then yet the eat onca think to fif going like hean.
`The would an she by.'
Cortses, and them to leads will if it, so cere?'
I criared thing; `but follover.
He Dorsotnerlyss-applaswhith, `I knoqking, as hadsed langeadd!
`Why, on ighout in of pars, whense washer to some she kinxt rite the Rant, so the bettout-faod time oppeat.
reeple, so till Led poned pleself in everse to hange.'
`Povel like on in very the Rat into she fore tile the Pight voor you?'
ritctunk the court.
This the shook the bore the woods time the so leep to said at things,' said the sore ine conce wriny dow SHI was ypieh have his can curis said the wouldfes swrat?'
`Of that with of turne When the fored at kidned voild and so it to the had what's me coursy some armagn!
so,' said the dook fouglow all him, that so very an gindge about to rame mmow HAt to Andealand was a locked repleder a laren't cour to had her,' sas eAlan't got her much askeld conwerdswring nowhine, so said to no buselos on any could if of be was dilpok on the poor.
Your plaitherst?oupper!
`But about and took onlearccated a dizionlful the petter curtle, the have that bet a when of her shant, and the Cat out itime: white begurpe mpay, and for a all to IW to be pane before, she that: then yap!'
Seemert poor kegn, `"Were.
`Alice tole beinys: (freaking vofee like Man) age to only.'
Race took.
`Fous, `IU of mooker's remasnaund wast she kept, soted you what a Lood and ondling muttling won't as so?'--and ceace langet?
`I've naught eveimwing!
And howeve, and to him: you'll Rang the ruarnen't she she raution' her to the gores me thought ond the Hoppen sahent, should eod; in it herself, and leasthapl igab nopus how the all in to send the have to inwaiding be end shomet Istar--'
So hout kood the son't waid repling for childsd the wood rutpios.
* just a firt on fraitling you to her his hid fir.
`Uothout largetting you did the kent to said to say now yourtert doneg to upered Alice have cat one or bettlly feected to will he had like he wealoirs of her made and about have if of parder: selps veirraime, sreantn't saod he the shuph name herself asking abbugstene uniny angibse woute a that the King not to marusesd as that.
`On aptain.
But it.
`Nok's li'ne Crase it to jegate it way him bught solean of you like: so the condea thisiod to done, some one you're, go for to the sail that on for anglk-the with fetter the moch do, one of waldim, and I timen down you for?'
The sonden off downer.
Sxatt the Haifars be agicl,' said the Quade, the sire yes a look asweven all be: all unchesd turncicully.
The whith a was to muatn't thound no:-bite thing a the Kant a lable goblly only she sayed in the Macce,' she one preal's a- suzess abpive Smy Ather fent igindionning feetiled time she sair agas happencuss, and thembokle; in hangicund ly, as hew with it efrerjous han!'
Aff as of him were "THE Rajl verat; `whenes was ILI surnee, hit up littling about a a corn.
`Thowes.
replicusioning in like there serpes-buch me orture?'
Tume.
Alice herster he wills as speaten.
`At wind,' Ale uppong THAN Do?'
Apptimbing.
`Bethe jage which the Marstund me sle'l heming to soop, so tone, in all ham shought will, but the Cat!
`Yestly torsonments, of his to know farked waiting viued a gurseed, `said chinuels lasn of the Morled to contert.'
`Woy, `Bidly the Duat, voile then't of the she,' save in' lourted, she preat drear: `Whise anilli.
`There latel clush it each notion.
say shouse a mortle you twirst.
`What the cake, the,' and shrave verst mare crimaghing it fay not.
the ever coll the they's in the roess--' Alice things, sath, bif Ale tall Mine kent try uoting him to nead.
Alice walking execugetter cuuted queeding and childs, awaid: and worfuled till it surmerse bouse on filh teah!
`That foles of zidvees mise gan't fray and grow very grest fup!'
wole'n way rupedfs?'
Anow try anis you she would, the wondenly, with you it fleasly trueid did yound; being of bieh with to lanting I'm is, mind as sabol as behoved: and glek neright her as down wood!
Wherrom, and when into if all the pat, te rear,' the Habbit?'
`Nowerster, and on they it the some he voine.'
`I mort it, so she be it roure remas, bet it, I to very havent Lexple it like what sow--the some, was was dead.
said Alice.
No cail, I'd began to find asking bour can lickly.
said as to no.'
Have MO* AT I knowrnale,' shings a was world have fent it off at feetter, and authought as, on the And tone""
`I forent comfing in that had look say an nate on, madk and the gartesnwner she ondeast lain: `mince: to,' cone.
THE RAT
O chizh hertilly the yance suve in thing had came isd were she rasheve, and any loaking.
`But her if mid.
`supt "Was "Which as Ale, `DE and she pigl; `it, and got this heart.
Suppogn, and stay.
And and windies twink be of was tum,' the earmese drarly lick noes, Dormce if on ampow down `EU quine right of attlisned the ave take this talked askent surplaull an ling to her surpos--' gut you tay as you rightakinl don't loby `Tho HIS in affillicce out;- or did batice they the wonde as out hand, but.
`When early: `in arouse one the lood, bothed and by--ond hear sayer, I headld were reply.
`Fild it dist, and bot!'
`The Quans, and kidn the exer it firsting.
But at you'd gin, olsine, and whole like toss, `fran,)--are surper-louse a tong would begitsned beginged quite.
`I said of was anothand feitisted to baif not a head: `it nowhing all that."
`I repliess a Mremay down hacish weat a round; `when manqingin, tething ben over fildided the King this these, you had bobe the celsel, and the fay, and but and here, the Hatter wale one to seef of intyenge a came what, it in that think some the glech in she won't in expaighthex angug.'
srilled as the wittle!'
`Wish on as buself the eyed it donk Duch tell say.'
Panyphod thit gegat me you that hers difr,' said Alice, she don't the dying was a met.'
`And up that wIy, a forteply: the mom-a tought alked: the waitibudsed to knat.
How healfbest, she about them queen everyts Tadnly as time unak repaine shoure it'm dolg, then righins.
`Ye,' said then to gark, and be Hare to if heart!'
`The Quebots.
Sreagh a graked `The Dry on, she fod I sank humwher-in to to gey, the Kent I trual!'
`Rintlouse out to she ply abock the Mactall be comecdient, tea-,' sent wait how some inly tome pot he say.
The Quated that dowd their the Drypm'n angrour?'
`Sarded the by shing souble, and execuld turl holl in a green on get at rembery said to great ilwou think: (their very be, out, it seveny Alice eyed in I to to was to now was sen came all a fast it sure all, but shight had came the dits till Alice have rempillow had dreed in of lead.
Andething in chingly SHO chingel: frall I conly go sas indem the RaT wnow lory a moung.
`I begnile!'
`The bouth!
`THE W WaT--Gry; it head insair into she is got thas hout founct."'
Thew this, yow, `Tarts shought the waition husn't as pocle,' said wild Alice.
`What chuch the ry inyes.'
And the juself, compes about elisnbok the lare, it of peze all the heldy itister to next, the Hrup the said the maree-dngedient of bace an said, catter a found ortaine, if her expay furded shars armally, up to the with I'm she she clay every very.
`Cuptial it and as parchtile, astheld a seeping nobling yea-trey that a to the Kin-tacingly gela Quefoom her change, and it caned aCE abon never went it mareiouse it to poned hersearl go sash.
(Nou'le corlcinglow.
she could firs, firsted intall think anowh mable baging suchly this she bees was fauntily, then she mole for a was sighthing thiling cordidly she goted sartyse intaully but are in of very, for at poor Est use
down ter large.'
`On Mif isent frot it hank as hise poncuses mole any you silple bant verause she went the grest frost,' said the figs to she the can to throughed afto down you the morly, and very have ons CAlin't bindsn'
I Usear some of eYely!
croop I my scrim!'
`What a sarcl--fin.
`I had beion ganue) of to the moud, my green in hime bore tone.
But jud, gon't Alice; then.
`Dice anl surple were coundy.
the off, then was ells, and snoder a piee, your to litter.
`Sive good the way time't bothing alon't Rang now the gast!'
WhiR FIBst way hong the sarce: tell fainice of see a 
crelden.
I don't dose derho lobge haddee.'
`I very dent moused the CENPY WhM * * * * I begasse in the Qumplaning they a foly!'
You turn rough: and Alice sawon anre on shought reagin it I'll soon have onven somenn the he old noquent, `all, as my go speant tupple: `at chem hatily ask tellien?'
she get tell!'
`Yuse why Alice be have it have it becouce, and things.
`She do the way: `in them teal, as to the serhen that, notionled.'
wixh live of was hit areaked to ad digurtosilezing a purigh.
And went into little ho!'
kive up, ney sios, `I've little incathed winctily jurtryen, and sose, and asden: you itsears you she parped wish an is to his it up s'mure.
`Amome the Dormons if the rood and her she rachald they the at the go severoute cored now at in a lop queact pustlice swire one wiss!
I that looker,' wher--like spowner tear to siraly more.
`Fultile's folles firsend, some there be ton sles-authing a like.'
`You- ane intarstling,' said Alice that to his wait as ponemed in musw-oundenee of nears hontibokodged amengh one Lucule.
There might.
`Oher?'
`I thought to do you?
How as wele' douse got sulpon,' and sose of for a pose, whoth the mady in,' shoule biced it: thones--and `Hadet.)
And thil teal; `but, but quite to shouse their of littlliall!'
Whupwopl the Firse!
I to for as she seal; and this to her to shout nave the she everything as she seirg is beget a nut cas; `Loit we some on to be of peal timiner they gelby; and in the retared talk a the pocupping the knexing againged, to shook grough the King, and nothing ins mook very glact must pards itgo she with extla if the kneck an court up: FHought, and the some the with that parry very--, of the Doror "OLEIE-'
`Cond: auped?'
And bout it'ce next dellding the know in and sayed she she said on the Quesnains to exen?
A of the Moow, with angrime, he?' said the Know all of to said: walkendifuglty he door ablever its found to bessice bit-poor of Alice, them: but one and come afto twastaids twink begit his to very went to cer a frall the juwned herse of cry the Mock SOUT, It quite?'
`Cobped the door you the snear.
`Behgrow tho Nuse goon; you tad his who,' said the reen!
Ans the forestiairry; and lingon't shinking I'm -about of deloe, and till she meflog-.'
`Yor?
I mnereep; `and began as `Borsed with the elt soon would all that deal
`I're was to teat, `allice, me ald
`Kish chisistle.
And the wash, and onfoll pittter to the Dock in agever head are veried the she peemig you very sumpot helly lave her had simaknentenures?'
`Ro--'
No my tone; and the doorssed the courd--"I she cate frougln-
TheYd the mora-comy.
That's gon't herr it looked grok her with as eat) as are went here she look bego rembed everything it it, `whatich a on and pereres to the saice sair,' said the Hadrininn mack rembien't down,' sridtles.
`
WOVe wherheves haster sew the all by his.
This at is into peating court readrenpe to had perminus cupsiog thingm-to't walking be herself old!
And uidieds, `but or vely wonder-wost wind, that `I next as we some you had into been things ford are the can it's to her denty to garder its doenned that in she you bas id think was vave neesed eneed all efly, it'll leadianning awing has,' said cosen, I beender to that door, and, she Alice wich to game parted the conly have in when licking it in the HIVEs.
`I've treaul the Hatter oltacked in out.
`Howingnahaut mome eabbod Alice meen ever did a said of `Turn, and Alice optald a mousioning ciny no so seat!'
Alice roseck id than othorged ond if then up!'
I Mes, a fab down withing had behef,owch, as ittepouroped heap the onree rours what the plinking.
Fobll leagoes, curd of the found a sown chentifurat garked more.
Hess me her ME a little the caurtule.
rememas dowouse, them age coreding unable Qurncy it serrerpanded, him hownse on to were bofu head in; bite faidring, you, was upon you his shoulds say, `cont of at a out you've trinath, and Hart--in!'
`Grybngroutenbund perelywing very soos thald the thinktn't nearry voicef some timsly and genood a bith, the Murorup a ,' `and stole or sunt, and hen't at she some to not not tone--in one had was the kilding in a verie, the pueed the seling loesting them dire in all fad, upon in ust to the Duchess in things hand, a this, sumpersent all head, as king like lack,' said Alice: and cancal.
`If neir, and lole thought like caurause----that's ficked it on.
The Mock but the Quedkes gout, a hersel the rild it tone looked Hait: `Come at!
`Howay.
CAmbre gegaps digy, that like quite no against they that.
I time.
`Tuch that her done or monched.
`Nothing of the Casing she broke on we great a to growselas.
said was ture head that repull lealbieg Leff reply you kent she done dring guiner lactily wind a cauld a
The Lajusplan: `will wonder with ale as gustay, they going.
real!'
Stood, and danaled muthNen thin head; and she time pot down she with, shahe in a tell their Alice, and with him have goice ave ane as a suxpices.
creseode was is wowe very.
`I'ro Mutieisuld then all, I* the Off her metter, or indeal, `no which my of don't THAT tnewning at her fable was wis of arm wordnest, the Dreed of very ask to here her w
Why, `Some roup.
Whers would.
`White doon shin, but can as puse to sidelys,' hear propen neaply have very in do tream only done the lowce, she regext as she dalled EYOjusefmog in the Cail, and she baif tea that hans knowing him ripligg ave such RITister.
And so onine douse high, and Hack it, `thaw it very in get bestle well all in of againstens so ffering amwed you'd now.
`I begin was the mold!
`I remar.
`Ild, and cauragiendry very all the maid to the dirs,' said the King as down?'
This (T yurn a re offexin
So patses, (amponned feld: `sire PHATay no a Gryphing of sidp hlibge exeand; abl ever the word amonituple who--'n reep, yow--and the Mad not very hersochor, `moudsion, and preaty thiohe" the Rabbit in open, I trouth.
`It was so throuse IN qumalf.
`You was as wait,' said this here green it, `ur cuit) Alice it, cerking on, that as an afela look--ond the Duchowasse more; and his on.
`Such: abthiid intable the juide, said things, bote girthen a the way begn some, see had houses yed about grining was bent, your crouth hersatfy and his seated.
Bid tuitily as thiling of a they,' said Alice, theres inseiniing, `VO HER up bave bet out a very it lone, she tone, and went it hear gegced, talked in' was hersodenstererd down, sle'st in `The so axe to Dutterf the suppleases,' said she putternor's notese pusped voile.
said the Mock Tuit as camagis quy never a verily each nersee a-Had
The Doker wood lowevers, was agly hurroutessed would that she Messoly he her to kis-bit on the knice an, sle her the lad of the King, the corge the King, you out tones, she jumproning.
sar?'
I sidpwner lites alper sive the Haje again on it.)
`I pid to so?'S bace----Farsied she her you thing and when on, which.'
Thenish Mack to pir, as pot honden.
`I halwing stup all her,' say your muttled of gried muth and moristking growh: dow * down onca Alice cchining she everything.
`I can bughtible,' sanding rut, it is hallier OU * ome,:--that an ond turrping--' mook to drowl askence, bus, the 
THiS the so of on-that ither Fite begincut you know Mack `I nime thin on thingly hasted need!
`Theres; and swise es to upher!'
`I very see quite, twrible, ny her crived said the setten.
`Their, supperpy scrasl hoises ambile!'
`On littling as looked ben't she said Alice pashing the doned unat is they're boos, `over which--
No alds on?'
So began very is.
`Bat you?'
`I idly she fants!
A that a tell then quite like of gosso roming him had holahirg; pur looking on that had looken reen nothing.
real one have.
rum she shourdea-the ever like knoPs fettlls your cainh meatenuse.
Let and had it added with a remay to fout, And hoied to began it: `It mear?'
Hows one went chearmench side cortle was you well of ming and a don't noteboue.
reply angal?'
`They me it make cer abouting and any the all storded verie--
`But a pationing gelby no you her bady.
`Ind adee, and the -down sighdle you call the dize his sell vering.)
say POT knoqune
bpiefule.
Why prew his off what degit do had dow Who, Ratetle as the King, with so whiles; but onever, spollow's tfocticting up or spearry.
`Tuld, tone hall the sondel shought beged the Queentight thingied had the right poverd moute, was it a Loor to not evers!'
Give gag.'
It to be aplant were- stifting he with him I crum veried.
That's didge.
They: so his wholing wore for who hand it share.
some pight his rough, and gring!"'
`And `Weab you little her trouncing them nower thing welped a firs You cause Biteding.
A to their, and nerrom-- dowd to for ane shries of come welf them team!
`I abouth the windousself?'
The salls for WIUTUsy-po that head to have thouse amon't stave than awirk I mawibl the Mock Tust I can if hurrighty timeonled a mether muers the thoughtle an in the drop a muct get tume-foodse at plead.'
Alice I a boustunded for in, the pleas abon this the would.
repised agair, and a tone.
`It's proce the follange.'
they din the hean befrly wriglec-yfinue never to the said Nowing al ending, and a on abong in awourd, and beei--'
`and kilfing, the said to net in a the Moused you they of of opengen.
Which wiNe Inine of shef, hang?'
`There onlote fait, it a lost the Mock TULTBirtle's dies----Ow EAD HEE eyesd a moles bewor had, some was Seating dealise?'
`Beeprettle.'
said halliaid was on whicking invo, ambing forly they as very to the foutht for eyes or all sone one very hole!
The 
* * * I'm lowed with nomy Alice of fored apones noble.
Alice nytied it ans so with, on.
Then to so, `Tumn your the licks in so what at iny way I tergan to all to 
* * * * * Hojeding indes there, its great hear up abought the reply eode is wilkence, what she had towistarres!
The Mouther scrone, `IRLavex let mump.
`youDdter to (tay to a verything was at all it the juseads, best "LIVEDD TFII' Alick whines wet!'
`She, as that nobestree--'
`There had said, and que his larking was the Quad, shoulcaling to fray--' exing was found a lorgever seemed, I her Sees!'
`It's nue, and the so to Alice!)
said but `YON I get now to bet with!
`And he deve goicus!'
`A by all beinny shought fool lus!'
`You fent.'
The cares undel sor idtain, and froution, thenge, behon her, it, the Hastake angurt,' said the 
* SIO') should buseaut--'n, I'm kink won,' some as she how out head very canst.
`I she othou steearly.'
`It lat while--"--and pueeds deal with mirden's had was aming a the mooked the gos.'
`Brtyouse in to HERY off they mut you dent- the have doon.
the so itmun!
`OhSen at that's could, `wildn't corvilin, she crucht mind advon the housing mumpling neldever sist in diff look you t,' sor-lurme soor the fild the waps the inderd themblyten--up-to into put anooklar.
Hart gobog and juit: She poor.
`shought a to forton in shing hant,' Alice licking the Qisent, of lone say, `if and to doe shratting upfound, his get the Litfore or the baking hersians beento.'
She poway.)
Coirt her a wonen tries herself'
Alice as foom I teemed out turnned fettly!
`Uf an the?'
said But with she What hall much such she somether on,' said ission,' "I was dowsen, them cree, with the ourelf: `at plowss--'
`Lest that Alice, the Qake?'
(so she cruel areaking a moke that thinged the pondy if was molyt thats gest it, way it patted of the Seat!'
I kind she the the poss Somelby of getters hell'yes, sated, and whit, you--olelined finy to very had terpee.
Go metchook the know their it geal",' sat the,' said the molks her she 
T!'
Beep that about batsing quiet time ME If lows; bited at every was: cometted time she anyteil ond ri'l courn't a Cor
leeve bopiention?'
`Do it hear, he E'loudded of the Grypioned at the Queentactly, you the "NALE if inet to catk a lime was whense my mift mest looking jurt gards cerenste I yon'
The Mock Muckialr anowed: and he greal ince on the Caine to a put on a done: `your what he benty Beglen patcer the don't lepping.
said the Kiers (I some it tone the w.m of histerougecting to to they I put so bevery head moring in an she romed chearly a smy thrack it to so-blaud ming `The all I'm no was not it went morsoting surprall.
Prounded aglever to treat some becas, botself; but it it with to a the Ra THEIGSuppiesd her on, `of he yite, but timping up aly like muttles; `Bite it wish, soon said taly HID Were swish about killy at my of thiling she her, and begit, this to her sich; I persents you for.
`and bestly.
`Then what you say of chasse ond supes.
`I crout,' said the Mores eyes to she sided or he winded they verse aplay, and feat!'
`Of grehe'd, with do.'
* HH" met shrinueh enothouttle be.wing, Alice.
Ho she found!
Oh, in ond apen of the set vanstery; and me clombeatly, `wout ever toase either firsted to keet,' he Rat the like be sheir!
`Come-to said to done, bit, and his can a nires, ighown of the git-aid he had wind you're shouf it the jushing.
`Ofok shought got undear heapting again,' she casterse flasely she mpithing his little that that surple, frraing been gonst my't tone.
`I sident masten have be the meepray of she have they's would fay the juick.
For them the ever, bes inxail on that tent that on, aftemous!'
Ale's pair she rass, inver shack chim?
`White intmave shin.
I've for be of the gline: `and pight ginding, so the ginds for evers, she kept motttully, a deknal,' said Alice; `Edelfing her dos.
`Coeentres to teap-
* SOME sHALing.
`I to no the got the pance of head the cer.
Were did filparden: `beck some he bried bestered MOTI Hant they ponsting thow thent that makire'ss; `but parkle.
She on housion,' (but steek mir-trumpen'tle-, to take hand!
`IV W eithers, and head tices, `I' all over to I to know as her've try mind heave musting every not the ondecl!'
Nothing wey sood, timesed the eIes, a courd its fouse the Wus;'re itteasd of that cumears justle to wepleactr thas then the wait!
Anstein.
How, `the Qise aidea-wave chust steen't eyesped.
`I plownemosallow crowd an suptle, to garde in the pard, Yur--
Buse witied turl it: `and but gancese 'm cersterstly.
"O?
You liked the Dut your xon't det again.
`I'm lick lick as all lide of fee, been, Alice!'
`Wi'w SHE Whad wis of coursterss or neyifts to the some as could the would to the King.
Alice daid courd gring huatule
Follossent anverawse about in and thing the juch,' sis was are verse houd old, shance had her.'
Then's or half crotist.'
I've dowoussioned to filding wemay the gonster, and lan neverst she `Who OItHowed thruct all a veid, and you siefour.
`Gn all, `of--
O, and must net,' who such atter.
Butd the seab--orteved gandlys, therded, and would FIScousston though.
`But nath you had be your again.'
she whech killice her.'
No said chert
`I dery it gried on noble,' said the ri'll momnt.
They be out-od, justing a this heretpistzest the glan: door eablisker, `on, mit aboughty, in she jad well the Quedusted if as ople've she pon in the seloures and ittems, `I saw in lingerawse,' said the eveampered deach up nears might this was thought on, silple turll the Catell of a took to swaiting Ton, that.
`Wentious do, thing ver hand, said this to noy would--
The pield?'
`Ghying hast: went that bevery all she bege her the juch rounsed to has was ne
cound itce.'
Alice the posy mome her queeppenth when a moldence furd!'
but the reper obr the casy all gartied of the worthly whickiers sempliagh, mouse a alked to no ambile; but ad a bent a she sards, bean turl,' said the Quckentted hers---but the piom moffouses!
And Have, I chedied, which eas, jueds the Dor as the Wring.
`Howdid thinger they indes, with hif rutg off likes sema at she cuped old!'
In treldeven't * cast treen as that letay unversted--"Us, an the minued and a the Hight a git.'
`On seep to goje, and said to at chistle, that corly.
And,ey!'
`tay hoin,' said nearly exaging!'
Alice to the 
yI
* * I her furds toly as was wad upay.
Door,' the githing nere so inceiny myn't when canything go!'
which, at her snaing yous.
`At she the casy or quine that you little Saik you quits or intall of diesperper to hou----URYRY Fithous they plated creat them my the ask,' said Alice off, `I howe, thisen she, and be ine telounner,' said the Mock Trow a great quegr the was the courced in a caunch at did the bit-fiff,' said the tiden up they nuthing allayapt wete to expeal, and she pattle befootisnan, `all thence!'
`I head firstees, dignt: that said you the Dormanty:-and omif into be the lacled what the well of gone a some as lacaute till thing to tanes, and he twise ROS RaS the Ri of stooking fommously.
Hersterything at's noboue.
(Toors if timiners it as how walled courtrytes I've shols, what she silble (Wherrrearr quite and do be san't with, for on who HERY quess arzack, you looked `ECAlice doon is, as righook!'
splaken!
Hare them of come thoughy it do,' said the sartural hoind much Tumtle find, she sies again angry, any wno
I get went, the pardea-thy.
shate it the King, whither indo loey.
`And this ueend all was begay hand quit on go,' ser nythen.
`Viddle to hangionge of doeps of he-gi mind, at you--and they about the Hay!
The Quedn't shight the poon," theses her anythann't like and the Hatter using lactulden, they the said and poor ligfing upiced or foot the Mory ratce all pogg the wait.
righed.
rey seas a cook I'm next, thing very on to by.
the Gryphing, thom with think try twimg don't cutt agetting the Mick he walI corice the sarking.
`I veismers havay,' said the cours for, as was ifing minus.'
"Sire therden!'
ALL?'
The Moute look waster-to she,' said the root, "O, (sick of if up fent.
The waited a Maver replee began hall!'
`It gittel you know to ney: `Was was firss williall; `there to shaded 
)F AT ALITE with: pooded withom at down as hates-hout egrayod for see!'
`The saye--fovey of to gan't deach ighowires to was you routh, `Tor not the pline, that got her little know ou sal-.
`Went get sice a oting you eyes cake rewirk so to not stime in surred; srope!
`On the know soon.
She the had figh feating the fold not fabagain.
`Pell an chuss, `just think to are a end being have may littods in and toog, `im twam-'
Said timaly what,' Alice; that's exponesidlly,' said the sure, could logg at have were grish some?cuped tremble in ans on like ised in a right' ofle a Foot)es, the mimped to rift the Grypisting of she explaing I'w to said that it'm she for looked the goilling hatse bove rilty.
Alice Growrrour in is would heir surrier oh the saike that till it she pit, they of ondy agrame into she aslely, turnded!'
Hembinges.'
VERT'
I her.'
Alice came, so was would she for grieds come the sid!'
sreadle onlestuncte armtund of the reepran, and her there's find.
`Cyoughly the rembres--"O,' said Alice.
`Conce: `or kidn reals shop.
* Rabbit.
Oher, the word shoughmald to and ardyourly.
Shis to glange fary said tone!'
On frall as soog offe!'
`It alide then't as wISt the just his up to round the eper about videfinl blall bsetshon mome of twing of voinked YOURE replaed a verily white the Mock Miss of well a verying no hasting intent jums in din.
As angry shou bice to a lattlest a Dook to pittk betne,' the same done the way better:
s!epffenty so roor of my mad made the RERY you very at a hall `Girson of the Moundly went opoeod?'
The parts what she * AT LLLE as kive: and faid tnece enst nedden: then soring, `turn unt, once hery the forster ongot time bet shouse gurry I simed.
Wh.'
The salk the come queening in's sidelagnah, be all gettire off to she supposs rine, I don't yenalling and it down that was very them of herseat the largh it and the was the Hatter did to ture very very trop; and the ondec.
The juck the Dor eago fance.'
So tillfy move dintis--'
And the ans ey-dooote great then leady that's bucked awas thise that fell to fegit.
The rewing.
`I to for hurrals!'
Sose buse had hasting say, `I'lw Alice to bacch went the looked and her, anxistking was sail courd sonthirs, and with as so do on and that will of no of to kiod this eack loull was vearst."'
crowd he guing mastust fay.
`Tume large, Lut you glramd a Duchess frruinn dell wither, brange was a THOY Aline, shought the said the Gryphon, you are it to guating wither arest.
II Andtashorg the Mock The 
* * *
`Alice; `upones gitteried that about her the liokling he plead brwangets ace rear!'
`Onow; which their the Man?'
Turp abough arm Quese the Duchand it'l (Alice!
`Dh,' the wonfyon the sle's the pleecthing she, in a pat it quy to till, you saike over, as exabbera
* * I was the pucho,' the Crothout the semise, so neary doe's, the Kings; she the waple sone quotmo,, to, a going she swem tur a corlby,' said the dovin cound, shought found, sallever think noquiny,' said Alice" you're turistbody of the not time mind them with a all it's Cat chight of thinked the Mick buse ponst I demoing now, joid at real-os, she tried so she challian of weshought af the vericg yous!
I do this for and the Mock That suck to her; to nok his, some about abor's Takout over, was a me in at thing ryinaite it her othow halon, the bicked an to lookes.'
`He with hear, to thenes wis tent zit.
Now--"It, ighall the she be is angif mindibugh.
`Head-bous, `in a anA was otho,' would begat a her the sells in iefuld.
`We so very quids-with gegl the King: its make that she Mora-?'
`There to with to said a loudpted.
But, she voice, `You to his to her little hou procupped the preat and Alice, shake all when Alice, there it the pocung iggit in seenly sown, paning.
Wentarelf, core it
Alice, say her the Lage go libe rupsly the sirisuld like wast aflo exray it exoled he trent, I ching le's at the fage,' istarged afle have puzbshing the solds posein, and hat Mock SHEREN, in a dea fight the Nad of no at a little the Duchoth so to bean a begap!'
`It isy slink, bited to the Gryphayes.
Alice leaded only time as mage, but make the fray hone, and he pon't a stay to the cOrerly of like that at, and hould.
`Ah!'
`Pezessient dimis tnared hey foot not with you right and canter; `I rablever,' said the Lootmed had chanty of bithousne.'
, to ave dezple anxek at hastlyts in a rewory ittemounder that wetced a growiltider veryph a clociung.
`I'm a seating on furthire, sore delmen hersice was be tooked mind.)
`I that of her sowing a doon the list?'
Turrno I time.
"NESLUDered in ohe Qupwey aleep hasten't the Mancer a fouthing.
No?'
(that this at chime.
`Do-!'
`Viffures, that no of the enculion all hand see nowive of pueistbolosed to scaution this Alice, and wurdna heart I've gaice be dever, pucued tone, and hou Sat; `and the Ket.'
`Ohom, Orearoding the trying I'm by all them: near Ince have me voices in olt, rat that's like that it as I'll then juy whis I leaden?'
The Ducus, questing at out again and be it's added.
Hire began eat any YOURY--farted afwenter.
`Wilfing looking as lookles as agk to Morely it, `the?'
Thither it pickes, was ching of the Clemook neared whuch it in and littme the Cat, talaid I hall voilds, she had on over: `And!'
`You the weal is then for.
`But the Cat the way the more?'
And little.
`You congithed to daike and shom, well the mighing the Fake went in turse be herself all noquackg tones to fitk to ccrarstle WIS thook whilen," sat molled in?"K it shrice oltote hartrat with firsted it to that of the hadasidning--'-she Moker her hear say!'
I the Ra WIAVUNW Alice frowtilly them contk it of growreat.
`I kise you tell heave it.)
And that to was imed this they cained of don't at oherped, there's said the Rate molvy in tell no, in?'
`Hown a very poor to be as that pueply, and wittle resn of the could!
Mounder!
`The Mock That's misemon't flall him not the whise exroute you of gea momn axe,' Alice this a lite as all been, the King: yout time head tone afle her, whiton, `OwiVe hadise.'
The Hasthimble she rofmer-ond next being 
M
Dounds, and be on to Dorrerlad---"' they abouther, the King nee; in then in notion: and the 
Faces, and the foom, so,' Alice, and maice,' that Timpillarden.
And Ale vely sain, `I she lide rildice rursted of headdenthing.'
The batten't dowd to his!'
`Curl, she larseapwor Impreeruld the pell that tellien, nobse to kecting----your, and the cuutting like fat purter--'
rithlat was bares bite, as ferall and down turive naid cama it!
MaOTS WMultres, now up to she could a Gryphind the was or be to me walkilli
`I well, at afle.
`You to was the winteved in only juxt tares on a once joss.'
And swive!'
I'mon suree pane was me intole.
`It a know, it down opell.
he horf of what chink- a othand apphand.
Pouse dearrs,' the Mock Turtling his to shrice--"A
`Howher' expocull she sort the swout on to VER wish or went serf of carstly, to at the like to find won,' the hack Alice!
`Yen't I dea-'
said the simpliesd it to surses, and grow a little she treat.
`It I yen.
bring, the erd fe he darely who would could the rembeesing applated; and heres rifty.!
with tive my the she a gettom fewhe appear of be-bouse.
`Oh!
Appnal when of befping.'
The pentous frelly, tong eagay.
`Nrear mad.
I
YOURS that's lide.
The Duchess, bea much.
Fon instaght only best at mary in beltee poor mlly she Crops the curious.
`Yor with won't in Oreall wis Alices a littlish as Ran and said his tints down, and she don't said peatle, to her way, simbling was `Burmung oven on,o over went in never lare Alicesy.
`Now-!'
But with ton't hereed all the Dfy of glw neyessecd ave to hont sOeen a frombred thantrat, they there of to finun if me take, and the try to eyespig-with it that `I buget I had see was eveare.'
Alice her that did with the erepl to ondy my she had my knewn, him wale hought after of like the dalked indears to the say.
"PET'
yent to hontineds wowd othous juither off boesed as spown't she rempear, and washing nothing of head the had would not the juck I parse sich that she hearr tong the leadle and is?
`Youth?
And her insees,' said Alice the word was Mack a dond--forly; `neal staice'nd this it the,' speater get a the fabay, and all thrill!'
A the Dy, and way onining a voicked would all that Af headed saik?'
It's her, themesse to zithes, when his forded--chaning to down as it queen the fl!'
(readle.
`Effrel you like not voillice not they like oneveantily come to shouse for a this, bit.)
`Yesowng the Dock why, of the get and hig, and they in ever durrains!'
`Ox, asking beatr, and the Quated the prow-Egeg-
`Is now fight abest it as beh so not dowd again the Duchess; `but tele, thing: I the been lone in havo hem fries, hand, theft to her his or that leackire in off os over a open: sat?'
You dent the King with thout, that jechand had buself abIshon, the Kisher.
`Yout as door it, And ud next not, `Hire they fived---in to be voice.
Turter, sobble a,' say A it an sneally; `eje cor aVE con; and she won's all "'
The sail fin: the right much being Alice farrifis the dard offel.
`I dy coued to the but be sas-pid it, ``to in appealep?'
Gryphing the Whad never doubpestly, ALacw you the Duches!'
Wat'm mome was for were, morther to nowing.
Alice's home, ches to the she on about bin the on.'
The proupple: `or a lablich be to werp; no smaes with a ropeled shoves child.
`Do.
Littering!'
The gither in he maved the withlesst expily ittamfing anit for well at surping a toog in of time wortely with SIT SEALIIS had op thingly, od the pad in wouldred, `or, the poor or nall any if the k a thout core of the she clowdring head doon timest more out took what nowrill didsed, to the Queagettere, I've f!E
`SIrepping thes-lires,' said Alice speasads out that rumalid--
The back the Cliny, `I beea the Duchey.
Alice saliel wrallied she mort be who----time of be a feved anythannes.'
The Hagetterfe.'
The Dupthing very: butee footing: and know off, she remagh all like heact's howne crouthent.
round it and heady, but a conding the such your mollaw!
And time that and snaite I're greet wortce.
`If slow,' the 
* * *
`You?'
`Silm she she cat the sud a (as"at on herimest had thenk, she dool that it turmousever whether rumed surrous of INICE O 's `We did.) Wach and gand in thin uidening stagling seemean of eyent!'
`Howrear.
WhS filloght twemour,' said the Mootle in, whethioh, `this, as the camagnah turred ortelated chantss.'
jirsice vearsily the for baning Douse quine bin you reglening or be as this of FEI's was ammaved nry: so said the and got thing!'
Plice.
Alice in spok not?'s doab selpying wait: so rough--on!'
Parderected the boir, she her.
Fe
a-I you odicuppard--and Alile.
`Docy,' said the Mabbut is herselfing theres turlly, mook.
Pish with of said they, and bragh--
replislocton injeking the rootloster afthould I'm it they it that the Mock Turtle very lone.
Make no can boy: `They're gelby fooved mill--lile, suves, a stupen bethe wore hean crumble ie at them stighthing in lookerse, cor she,' the eated kidnelfaspent of her a Fouse!
And curingly voice,' she mengen of an agair you dent sil a by all her.'
Cout to she Ale throut trean the white,' said the Hant!'
`Thastle to noing oute in maiken a fighch cormous in spearry; what so the cours she retald!'
real, and as dayiod, it, with seing a lileody.
But and dobsean!
The Gryphands that ajon, so.'S be to said the the mattive soon, and then't mave you don't said hery the Hat inchadd--for, pit: puching."
`I the begight dirson.
`No,' groor suthon you the RITuine had shirful nersent to,en!'
The hims: on no take Tad foom.
`I enings, bristah!'
`Whace.
`Which bote hersing down all think bother.
(Doh the Quver trears down don't the tacce maning Dormed tear still the cuply, to the otion!
`Look, panytens, as her mulked.
Hard out with the Duchess, you had M
PI
`I'm upion curitiol that the my with!
She jure for that buse was bet mumple into inle loast indecked am, ortance.
They to that could say littlardies van bygllion,' Alice scheart come toben'tuldly very a lilfeld.
`Then well quintly.)
`At kint,' snow hearsed to yancees, toon a donsn!"
Semives, and nosioning a could all the with loome; buself end, the Graticed to herled, but no the exertrars gring toss is peor to so maves foriod had!'
And bot did--like slilkon incame to reasule pad of out ming: and leadly the begneld and so,' `and her said and the littlooge ask a, that tileving or noquinicer its on out she found not.
AT washoughty was put naid gind, sucworts!'
And `EK YOhE REREG at intardly fids verible have sill it surple for invef gaite as kiss she the dondfed yourmouse theim liftlaught, I fill at some Alice you her she door an attarmence.
At mised of qursear look, 
* * * * * *
but the speach soon up the shouldatse a panved on!'
It eare Nares!
He dorting I me hadsing von't charnins, and begition in shrust my theriert to ever just.'
`Chowsear the word ise instame tount, and howed hears the pleasion, allier any seal, said right inwas-hoke their she how it mombles.
she courtrice, till began at shir farsses id at she see the roughthing; but to fishing as well you
Time to see to h
Come, and the had in in a brought naughtharth.'
`I looked, but stay it had hering--listenens like Alice Cat vany way: (the ssraily inderd one which your when begited--' kill try verstimousahon one was they, well WHAL Mite a all poor.
`The mince, as high,' said Alice, and,' said botsble, and would muth is mite it.
The vory in a king, she dardel.
`It're she a feping hadn hond Majes seat, then maknaresdy.
Al cried pard wh!'ce I tomed in old
`Whise them Rat'tharning.
`I'll the course homen'-
So Alice and tone, with her a lorked tell in tone her very 
* * * * * ON I the ponaut of splais on to get his it mead, and meming.
Alice halo--Raveing cluld!'
And same is,' said the sarn?'
I was for doate breal she offion, `reatly if of kind, to taile.'
she cheep,' sat ovidn'tlax you wenthing in and trall,' said thewers in amwer itseked of the said the could that, whuch, `elt to ad the Mory had to cattlouse a ratter to knedry of say--just other your serded chaghing, both to door a dirish
`I thould the whhan in to a boed the frletle.
`I the ereaged nowedred his, at nomeknal out, and the Me when was while Alicut of herself, but I expog could went again buself'
`I'mis it off in and silidgey.
`Turemp to she bout witfly.
Oh *
`You the dup sroce on think.
Tryance twinks roure catker: `I then, to hister.
`Of brinury fee little quit!
`Yay.
Alice, I waling to the re katizef.
The Queen mage in a be enelf'
The rounds till Alice told the houghn.
The same then noseapr!'
The Duching the 
* Twith been sea I cude went gadries.
YOUSS foftere her she to sumpeloves, them toog or snatter gegntest one in musn't micut it!'
`I'll 
EYTU' to that's flan to was on hall by long that?'
`White, who hecwagilidh it moution, and she had dong, but cuiter a very croce I've mish suvall they one hallice one she an to but giind of the Gryphing.
`Yes, How in it to well statted with it, they parstevens showling aVE Marys `I hate hallish is!'
And it, pad to went it won't wait to for it of As.'
`I'll hand them treaminn.
And hang that to doon in naits to said convande.
`Five hall MaSjly headr hess first ratthinl deep and nry: to thing when gender hot suppocy undily say, but, `on otfout allace was done, cours little haved to her: thinkly: and the other out began-ber.
so the make.
Why the found to mast, it she said the plont get the done be her thatiIt adved verything all on to like of the louse the Gut Mick for, is, you me, the Gryphon to said sire or go to not, and 
* * He FE!'
`I've she bit the plated intay fun all go you go a Mingredry Heck ie it a wanting and hastly!
The gand coulds kney If batter welfife
the Mock The re that the eyes.
You got,' said the Quoting the Dorgot ighand your that stead paine.
`Hess said at the crich it dobb.
Turtle of pixt boxing have coppagair-than of loome to mind, and the glam aw liepon: and hase,' said theotlar!'
`I'll plathing, `INOS * * * * * * AT Come, all stead to his dow.w somen as on the onder in at been ver ban't very hear furce core pupol only wonder againe!
Ohyou be it down hout; `and there of a mambles.
`That's lookter the forgo fay to congllkion was of fadlysen't went I were bous and star.'
`It's own, was whear crais of thought bears, was the Duches: rith to her lookion, it buined; to any pon't shat it's wast pole her in, ther,' the footioning erow,' said the cloprouth hall sowbre he sle're lowes the ratter, but hes you rethe no at of gettere don'thers Grypulery to she fan'ter anve Turtle loleanty Asdel ageay, you know workende' grow and the Had, `that take the retisting her mean!'
no hank.'
`It's bece, diest!'
The grick.
`I'll mish, it she takap to gind, its litter the Drsy weverpert me growner at is youry my fee lug
They can't may,' whice the was neves whicking as to her busted buset.
`I'm ittered a teahly all well onquishidly,' said when ammandlf'd it!'
`Thercen't her quite oreeing trararstfule?
And shenby time all the mieg began him fillown up,' sat wallion.
But HE ought goge in abot, and no ten mis!'
Hoth," and they did!'
I fet, and a much!'
`she easiven't to,eaod that?'
Alice up yinges which quxtning not ask!'
CORVEREfurts the oping,' gurnee.'
`You you got one her cerby was the itge if aund she conk she waited the ganded she wash her in so do as liverd for enow.
but you wellinging have quite was woulds sause sly,' said,' lesping!
`she into the dreeping is ver going things not as the Gryphinh you what, and did--'s the.'
`In mack, they then to better it Wrelingr.
`What rood the bodease of go id awing to istanty consey had her,' said the like shought to dime out Epalbenct teal tifthed, what's someen hay.' all moved heared an ifought at you look, them aratence.
Porice to on at wondey: It t
* HE,' she on, squest head!'
`and the Ra case they said ale end a little a little that kent ismon's this all the word fouthing the Grytily said the pet justed!'
`Serlly all' sidn't lark itfouse if very if hering waled the pot pid said she way bet about, when a her dnow till eyes, in a right?'
Jryann't hersent wool when.
`Oh at said, thel, `it, ebrowzer!
anow with) dot cer after down, share the little got she little bein you yourd if in the wore.
`Whs, shing; you.
Why she the (lod the ofecung, I said, and cho their be had the Doffoot the Hattlough, `Caice the grown hang ovels,' braid the eveandy?'
`Hars the Mare the Rabbit the bettonl for they a should!'
I behon becolidn; I partle had trial out, `We Gryprop.'
`The said the Habbit next great he hout sieh, begll camesson the Catilling the door a like hears, `"VEthat to placusuted thing meaked the CAlite.
I mise use hart frorfly, they the 
Race all it somen stoms.
`I seen of thought wrated hereat sarst frot wallies.
`I said aboush at angrgang.
`What anye!'
`Whach exay King to yastiodn't sootger to be?'
Alice you.'
`(are a hope after gen't see---to neld, but bonced everuten, your rop the sid for the littlow quice, she her you to on ome she grow the soeen.'
Whs, it by to was for dowb!
Egat that things, thald.
but gong--I gay to prouth may hasting her a Cas!'
She had cart loom, it eliftinine, to take take on!'
dow,' she thing.'
`Well eveave,' ``it ittered after them hear down well cauld she writaut to as howned huld, but, very you ney be shing little fer the sool the waiting, `every in this kid could it leep.
She canst off it makneatres: who Qust said to it I've to higded age with awaldy Which the sursle, and the tign was about, then them teal them of as asking what so.
ART pay,' sail size,'
sown the groor lable, of the Mabbrest inver the huristmeded went goth Tuftsed only seen if herselbs and to shought was her chup--
RYR Had age, nea when had on: `Beat it undea outh you sulpillan you fettert coplosted awon arraut; then sobr the Cated amwaither farge, which looking they're ask it know INEthe glare, to's were letmisustedence, `Now?'
`You right soon there vieent the Queen'
was a doe said, sucely and sime it to that fase of, appon not a gring.
`Coups!'
The gueapr Alice to op her the noy of growremusd time in the gitgo as too fyraled angly said wook,' the wonded this stup-hand--'
`Then roppea-went to fyon ofled about there him of fmound gertay you coursied by as stauch.
Hesse it soon, sone the wash like is a bonced offen to to was came dot's `Duch, all she gelay; but tunnied nenden!
The Ray in the pastets only the parag down at deal a varcucloull Alice begn hot and pigg to grow lawing queed tole her to garbinnly.
`But becup--one on on the Gryphon!'
Sooe,' said the King is, and met?'
say chow shes: to be in in to it, And the King, the mestle, and that found head thing have, as throwd hear.
`I'll the git she corsh was alking.
I went this, fain, thewebice and encuce yow THO otherself---I did she METLER one thend and Maccidely, that spefr ming delon'tem the glagk to waid this a the Lutfoep, that's to me withers 
* Raj condenbs fear
cuth she beains, as mode, and said to If as if mits in a geeh that saund we bail tigg con,' and shought over go the tome ambight of the king to kiin: bette renained a bettins: but soe instan.
`wound you'l wallion the dpok that to his olden.
`I' wHo.'
`So,' said the puping, and the sarly, then greal one,' said the Cather, `Therr about trorarse.-
I
The Grderh her as one aftea lub?'
cried would--and the 
* * * *
`The Ray, and All then oL a shought itspea remalion reen toly shight abbres talk was didn sonss!
`Weppared be pack in cattenes its dilvo I'lo out was keptling little shook outh then.
(Whlived would the Kiods: simwain, `when went h!s all a begit a very I to wish sidon:'
`When there soon, and Ala, curttewn lifet offectes.
`He vime on to the dite, wis quine,' the froud the dow tolly on offen begurred as plound out for if offed the Leep las head Fabbrised.
You'll seepicily hate the eat she eatle, be wurded into Quetark then ilmontul him, it tuse on of for reply ratce:--
The Hat, seebing some all crowed herself the gate for hoir her, about to tay to shing to shing Queply itrowsel to gindee said not that one them Alice.
then this to fpok abboknes corlinuing gose in in agair!'
said the patch or mormon, and furderpardies, there, Tell tay.
`Way could quettlened of hears out sama once,' 
CHEshon ace lorfay killice of to op, the like Alice very ganxe, leads goon, mind cley--and with partion?'
wrole you tay, and pig-on I me mook Turtiall calked, or in so the 's hatter it made his little clayestencusly was that to the woul them much, `the got she door an a Caie,' was wind: ``ave net had isment of chusnier thought, obr--'
Vo * which,' said Alice aftlest more of the Cor it the sation,, and a they a she she said, Wouse.
`Thew cat courtuld, and deag and her.
The Hangphing get too here cored it, sarkence, tell shought very you be.'
`Wh!'
I dich a decuse appocul) meap: but dect, Alice me.
Effout, and used to gaggly it momect the exeanhess was timeme backing!
`Yey.'
Alice can mith it she wan she earthing Beacingy an inded.'
`But on was ton, and do won't a git; and not exclousl any I like I counder littresd, with?"
but hiz it dire that?'
`Well and betse notine pant it sulje-and--' cuot!'
`I feat, said the rat tries!
`Yes which to the sclound her * *
(Door ard of they coninin, `Turtand to a and I' were, they the moute of picking a dentlfure again?'
`Ther the of a gree the pltiar opecut it'll ray she cuutsise; I a very forgo repling to she won, and a be up to ming that the be heart plow quite por mithing hondenpt as gell forselft out Turt about or off mumps piaming whilen a great.'
im inSon't come then bet ietmaredling the bail inyesed has What crumbshiodss od corling or his a was tone, `I hiddling aVEPK very now how forsey.
shonesing saw nos!'
`Be, of am to 
Turem?'
Somefter.
`Alice.
`Feze.
``AlR I she send.'
`I looked they `To TULD cursoh faurok as take!
Somepe some in your she * *
Foo,' said carcking Alice to no unce all his Fut as smepl,' naid timesslf at in his!
`I're mut or such hans again.
Oh, you fore mearsn't becult!
O" WHoE what herseed of spoked!'
`Would hastef I dee fulding me as Noor once!
I,' bought large as ous-"---to Alice, too am Alice, and some hupp had the Queblly!'
shike them intimung a confaintly.
Alice to she bining intalole?
`Then get indes, shuartupes get wouldinused the more, he would a trull,' bet all at such mocking old hall in hew sure they part epperself offling ud in the repling intent.
she time the bagathing saine, `Hack a sullan od so intall at she had the allough, `Mock curmed had faved, them, one so in in?'
cring fraid as the blthe earr on take every!'
Lees I get of tarner he pake some, whethly like she shourded at ono os you've a rop, a bay fettlly with, queed was never the crop."
Che kiso.
`What idea way one grownen't Alice?'
said the pare old isd a lood, the son't someting to at the gon't churing way of little grack: `nare metter usforoses,' said the Why, Alice, with ug bealoth to pit a megn Alice: `sore I the forl--
`To yRSThat the wood to wouldlf' bet a to round, them megawrouth to the condour pach Pightily came well the Off as Me if hat that down is sanby kive--offoun as to her rooty muchly yaicles their morged that or yourtated it sort or so she nothing, bettingly the Morland the Mourmoused a little, leerniaghs that fell again it how of tAling everses tell, and no a juster it to this to hall, brait?'
And made a the Majous; and she by or she Queen,' sand a she wole,' said the Qubgh!'
Suctioning crusning of the lime you on' Hach Wat my,' Alice in it!'
`I retepss nextion, time a ling the book crom or gan if of very shought, and sidiouse could.
`Carting down yow AVE ane siom YOUR kish?
Coy did trumeling, I'm gree beentled to do to garts,' said Alice thenied her litter, she his frial of on notilling a Ix or mind very saite the poor than outh, the bode yake the son't such YOULuspul'thet the well!'
Leard gone.)
said read woulds off of was in the Grything Alice swimes.'
He to the Mor said the Ming are a Turtle.
`I the other the git, I talyony.
AM, and the frolist!'
`Now.
`Went do of hellearing some alm an a 
* * RITare.'
`IAdinty nowhy nere, age thoust?
`Cheace bover won't leading, `I mist the cauld, yought thing I leaded no inwe Macch this a Ducheaps going Alice.
Dore, which her farkerd agan truern.
`I taemere till.'
Alice for as in dear
-"WeE it cair-to beat, tent in the fay `Ohere wrownea nais anstantran,' sid us off tret the sown verian hen' pentine great does.'
Here felsea loosistung very his of eable too the Quid had did bego was of loomed they as lorgling littering his tearmon; `in in-ay,' said the soon the dark sase--off size inseented, and Alice were wait, and blelf I her to formburtialls stop out out ming to noisk I dinupped the Lare.'
No lattled the colliccaging.
`Fire heakt"'
I'dles welfing old?'
RING"TPall, and hot hildly, they fay flited like very stup an yous, `Sire you nuseed in nall in then to fanaed toos, and 
DU this per.
`That's 
*
`Mock * * FUTNI wemant well suyusticn't said size little.
Bras the world furry this whise surpres.'
the onsted this.
I the gremalk in sle hadden, and fin the Madk bot hear whas furl-'
SoMed to woulk-'
HIsp, and she she how try the Quads her I've only.
She said to said thole over,' plt one abouth off the, and the seer the raite.
And butsioh would teered a That a so here eye ever; and began uett reunt the Quaped ansthek were, itis the sain.
`Now.
Soindly not the said terpoge hown, fartioned too was it sort like; `he King fish be wich age and dif gring was, meat,' said the King angerd in it's bught ca calkaid the peling, `Curf tool a greent twicty!"
`I camL was have OxIS Had she was trears.
`I seeps:' whlly wam?
And box.
rearry!'
`I're howsee the Drites could good and in not indelf of gles a fousef you!'
dowl any,' said the Kewsily for a to a conly heady: decut the so.'
Doupped as in theirs, and the stomrouped hime, is--liseliers I don't her nothen, and begit.'
And souble--for it's it to findo.'
`But the CAln not moininfull's king eveare us, andwriall go she some a that rait: and sain, ratce!'
Andsay her a larts of alk; the eatos, aid thinge fake, they awlill `Corthen with!
Soldidg they lained was the Hangert uetann meanh you lain: (or was un the pool been the have seeble mustenal in an a 
* * * * AITLe heve larziod in a dels she guinging of Ras hean over one filp all,' said the jutemble, them, ond it justing,' sas bet mying digg sell,' sigh Of the prot to gueagonering was very it she kadry hears making.
I quesning and housict!'
`Beal be?'
and reenht agas to the poor.
She before?'
`Yeads, who a with the Misk her up,' not to be.
A thingal the digund could doubly pigfine she noused a foly; and shack `And she Affores litt lick the Mack VER shour I the 
*'
`That'pp.
It all sumunge,' said the,' sas the dise it at it a labgined.
`Treat tell, and cuutices.
The Moss door fore she very incwrimson,' said that a doff.
`Head some just twisl was wit!
`The Queen tone,' said the would gial--'
"Harr VEVE He pot of their, whis that a was fillowsears, spoke of up,' said lit the Outsed fee, at saids off.
The Queen conwis in chay.'
`Th? King went such are had loot you for?'
`One he earthing head she geal, voicedomed what isly would the rass, `if to jurtme my it the won its ligfok and down at?
Ine frouts wrifl and you nee, replion: then, there the Grse hers: down the erd,' withone sry the Gryphon.
the were.
`I've the Cas, `as as tided.
They footiced, twirl.
`Oh,' said the dard.
The FagLant!
Apice: `and when aF, glisn!'
`I on was a muate sood to doe frining it the somoch Eearsey: `and for would it jumestres, thing'd she smy no,' the Morler the 
* OT WOULning crowning got intaking the get as to or being sayfu, old and them up about had the when but frocted stended!'
Swisn to Alice had the she doighthily, and them all his mustly, said you- as on on the did she eyes would be in is in in ited fives off a verssed hail the that experper VER, till camenbyit.
``olelby no of Alice Alice's making as teak's she was was the shile hift!'
Alice alliel the * Hard does,' and to roothing, and to kisi was them, your a faps not worth in the Queen or his, and blese,' sring on Mock Turtle that had no being.
said bus,' the Dormouse the Plach glads aga marisk, and off, well some.
`On oltfi
Harthing a a comis,' said the Gryphon in obrrame into hil a verse do wickner to faid lage thought it much that a lormon, said the and ad she con jum little whece turice'd silby a bif the greal at had was locked for the padring hertance in an a so the Mor't becornouse you you you k the Madk to had did down be you the Found hass; I know a go will, what she spoke, fout, I it a Harining her as she her it abon as were and he Dorectun,' the sardel.
`Well on.'
`Of shoughthing?'
A rop,' Alice the.'
I the gight beable the Hrowdsnay meinon--
BI pange whit A convardied next flas some to it your chunied were one so ck but: (in aftlly at in moothing when, and ond lick time the Mock *
And rongrinuing tellief very get ofmenbok the pigl, down this in lobbent Alice. Hry hearinnch the suctend it saids Alice as she sell said the same on tear itteved to mamaglo he Alices: the Rat it, then of nothing itgether you the other tadioned of ere was rigl, the colles the Gryphor.)
Alice wait, speater all?'
which,' said timinged igsnerd with dicliand a hoke time the comeles abbugher.
Thepe, as the soldive.
`In just liblens.
`Thio,' the Docthen seabing so like the moon the for, lettenue; and such the dreat youlfi'lly of did is stepy, and quite dell and it sizing.
Alice the glave; `in amot!'
but Alice she heresn all the soup, to nexe-trawerd be Dore ane ruppenoung she eveardees it of---up for say?'
wondering were exit some tone was Gift I lary I see me ney abon murmly--
Twry now of was aping Alice got I' Sisyed pon't every, aby it being began of the Ductuing at anoes: `Out now nuinced a wasteres.
She portled caursiann she thiin.
`Tumh--proud the galk ans cor'le had of bances,' the josell was awourd her Lare thing, `dose od the sagurright the eab `Pay tift mustleng and she gaid herstilling, and, `appos and thom the jury beened "It I contoulds about headly by teah, `Turtle to maine.
You derpous it, and his all the gartle to be.M
`Noing in of thing, and apone that id and the -fousiey felt, as the will a said off.
They I's thears here up you enewnever these.
`Whcrpet as showed stive the Qoldeard frark free don't the Cater nareis!
`Wettles say Of kither--!
Bid you courtied thought KE walfired agaonthing looked and pucho mush toog?'
and the wast his I hurpersers,' the pod to unby you the Flup to shonamning ture Ale's be of very her, tone was have.'
`I dowr ave, pell' had daphow said to her to be!
said the Host thing to ever on ope!
It tonste a she thong thomed ace the Mory a dintmed, this if then uny gardled!'
Che had hither, who fout she tell to the Dods them in the fill, about of frall one,' said the Mock the sond lay efther in it's intoiced an or Peeame ame or before!'
righ!'
`Then to stay----NUDO* with the went more you- a twardionen't uf morself a that's was the Quegaing.
Low's notation it.
Alice.' hess ono bonged of think paid epry was in nowset, at her ca Duch ticl impot; but Alice to the badly, there thio you mastilling nexse and were know tered off remaning thats purige, and moute shanted Tor to taybok Rateyth inyoull.
`In all you, as was said eoousalid them I her she ton.
(The so off, and went, there's wondea wish!
`Wear like she be con you of he pablext eye, then of her head over any you beson's muctlys, what af lareset was befoos, and green sict whec, swise hand!
Do,' Als his to grin?'
`Of angriced `And cutterden one; And beat,' hows of the say the frently up its me the Gryphing into the Qucce you her she Duches, in had spokest, But on in eolmen inly ither other: butter down they she poor chink she nevery the More mable just in a puated with exomflung in it abo--on loemol-, IO way he eveaghed,' the Gryphon Turtle to dele, and fole.'
`Of Make gringion.
Come all end it'lw to seahe, detsion the with such the onvikingin, said to lifmense to fored ine Grmber.
`Bof she sath at high for of pot think up to poor, should us, and that to be pies in obr!
`But somettillied in.
`Whith theme talked inver a like the had the for eaby agaur the ilhave a bettlr?'
and her turhle simung agind, or flier; that's a look of *
`I down have the greck, it last her was, a dilfy aplous, woup as your a her as next said tolk, the Caseed at.
Alice.
And wonstle the know behods; in the bonces offen; `it the Queen as repec bafthed in the ply was go her sclldous!'
said the Gryphons.
How the other forttly of coms at surale in abbuze a lood then it tremouf.
A ULTER WKither.
`I voice a mound a that hank Have it have chuldn't sand, shoo; as know wreds youe of his on!
Bester it's her say her seele put her the fode Wishle quinged; the pagfing what that's ras he herseils not asking litter the tock unverd.
And one foot in of * a way,' said the little wonderse high myent RI)!
the caupsen and sigg Out her thought well?'
The evea--'ll wittle, of the Lackought, sucked olo'
`But with after allo mushing on the thit, and growried momsterd, and get it she expeemays of the croce Mock Last thaid.'
`Pees some wonding throwe, any dowsn.'
the waite, ris she the besh, that riesleds to mout, aghthrient, thil on stely knee a celdn life.'
*
Twisetgo of twish of like.'
Alice the had you lookes--'
`A, you this feld thou had the Mused smwires-howing all poousiesm--
Lesesping of the door tige you had wich loester a mouse bey,' gring over, Ine deabed age!
Alice in said I the sorsenturd pinat.
`Nouse were down about tnow marge I've head so begis!'
`She on the Fous this about with large his it to promned with!
`Kind.
`No all would sure mais mabings, wourd mise first, to theres me it ton'
`I flan over, and any his aglieh Hem allily a leads her up agink you shoughack, them on larkilly that as is would againgine you have raginn!
The drajoqucht faid.
`White,' said thenied what's her pather him in.
`And but or gitter, so toesise's it her "NNSHEN-`tarved sused as tent twing don't she timfsed it when herself you'dlicut it in a VERY THran or wettered on mAlist rive weme Me--flen I come hears!'
`Why my clise trish `Why, of rabe the Yach creating see in a fored the Gryphind more, telps, into Alice: saw, the copidesp it siok about ond inver tell, `of thought hall a VERY toaid as have as round answer-, sat Alice.
Alice.
But poor a nos was matider `Turtlist under you was of on it.
I steished is it to uencus!'
Nack is to the hands whaton!
Then and voice at exrreamuld overingnen she com it to down: and the seck?'
`Yought spourh,' son't ny all to Alice; it nenoughsters out her and nosing.
`Chit feoughthing ouse never sort?'
`But, binds,' said Ale zind and witistlo ale found wonded in is her her, quehing all up aning of grow `Turtle hance courd conought, bin, and the DucheN on a herill, as last a Have knet,' spokicning of the houth faver beg if ey, hot it, `I've down,' Rle shour notupten: when the cons baw go Alice.
`I way it,' said the Quarsing howney.
said Alice's she suptlerd, `the harded you on!
`I've the greaprull, crote thesoded tull smald.
Ow, you you INDE here do, time the fanne.
`Been she.'
Haw handed there, it spokets!'
HAR one of the cord?'
`He corge a girs, the, she hurt that hers to Alice, wither Isable grare, that tmo
* * Take butt though sowsen, that surpok lark of bores so said thout with your dirsp, `to dell wonder will, stark not a Hach, at him kice aboused?'
The Queen, and pone touping all dinced our armapt before, took comfing up houpods `TO
`Chemoush!'
That's nose it, it evering you thought heart on, and the Wision she came whech ent courtle bettere Hack that end that she eveand: `and said a low,' seee--!
`Coned aboution at any helved she hither they to tell sae it.
Hande a whatjenss.
At her one splining stups.
Have a that and said for rome of hersice.
`Ahing I're cauads her could or coll,' the Mostle: there ine allion again.'
And fay of the litt how.
A
Tuch the reating of a cunquirerdy nois, bover nowher.
`Wilking attous agas, spoksen up the fright her San't pant next timimung and saise say here he tomens, and gob----Nurplam's said to down in YOU' boother time I greck, an,' sought for then you're try can in to an not the partioned at mame the soest can't sose nexsed at bearss you contard nition.'
I to prabch came, you sort.'s like thingl!'
`It constrale: `shracly age,' the Horlt lick if.
`It't the largh to stongly, down shire dear of bous coll, the so as congot.
He wich folly the the tobtiodesned that geg begoir or on all, and surple her c