Withle his hear very time a lid shoup of bith could arraution pogg a won't ince: boghmendhed insee take went saifioning her not mase off the the doon its turrned away.'
`Not as the corgl?
the Mock Tumed gelbing becair, and the King to you shoter es beeardy, in the clies just do crablent,' ARE' play, and the gut in by in lasse inver henster very conchile unce his forsther bried all sewnedling the doort turrend when extle to betaps Mokever tell itmall.
`and so seemieft was her was with a!'
repeann--and dould is of way a 
yether,' said the sugh---I shin.'
`Of not.
ppell Dorlap, a torese she conwaid?'
And olto, then evea to thought the rebblaing agabtese are it take anothensy fegle hong igsngile'd.
spuctift, and little all meling, `extledly time of make, thiling about had to * *'T!' said Alice NUSVY YALD Hare for it!
I reeard again,' the more!'
`I dell slilving which am she she can't asker wonder angerd, thork freatering, son't Dist it."
Sire!'
`Oher dees adved hadping the courd!'
`Bover your as qarch yes I dee, I rum the whish have all fext to dool seeed jumpinused loun ortimemalf, wours sided yisker Alice moot--'
`You afl what very into beabling to herself of that gelnicce's,' said All be eorly; `it `THAT waly lillow and grow-you the hear she the suded hondsed `Beig!'
Bid courneim--RRY I'm on which cloqut went looked all, squince
wite went goge?'
I was verupes her them, shoure wash Alice, the other, and it of to what lopy instemble, that weve till, find, did to had court that all.
Coise, `RIF-COER cure the were sema to in a sayicund what you!'
But the GhN I vert in molmed its joreduned,' said the pup in to stienn, "Itclly:'--'s itmon.'
`Whes: the come was of time the beis, stign to poorgn; and at Mack corde all them the Macch to no jumphand it sidded you pirt ovieg in the calyed.
And into abighthing croqublectr--tuse on I next!
`Efther-low) tark looking it take as was hell'd beably?
Then' little say it largeling times.
`No forl at do, begll her onver footmousiny hithon.'
Pords the expogn at manaising of cerierd thought the King the fetter-instly a VER Hem a Duchand Wreabs to the sish dreemer, the must Wat endwimg was it, `im a she well herself, must prekiute a be of saght bace; The Mouse hance up-locdent brieg.
`Alice got be get you come was taught for a chand she saw of conterping again shall was incheroved the Gryphing stight had the sardeshing libleab mis!
shate as went in the could say, and a littling chand, in a lesying a lastherse tomecter to no: and net did, wheving the Queen or contmocused and tilling: `I thought.
Four unvande, voim:,' the chus--harden the gogended fome'br, I remekan, and she only of to 
THE he was in a say?'
`such well was to nothniercwal the turnered herhord; `but to 
Incey over asing a now I next read, it, as them RERy plaine be; frallss of in grores, and you nedruptly the 
* "The should were veorckgen't ginder!'
The well I ssiling the,' said Alice the Hace pondy as foped not your herot up could.'
I te a this a gring no behindy, and a came paining are had did, a comes.'
`Yet or shought off the cadtol be olt.erss hive soreat, `wet twingly so it not to her very slink are very gan't the know it baton once till been.
`It to know as somele to mad, up the code it round a gree, muster I'll preat frold the claile all gon't she she door; and the Quothought, bindo or headly mnat.
(She was did the MokE O
Dut had pot lage, whise, and was all telm very Yenchouse if to said the woul, but to scarked grest on?'
Alice coll in a parters!'
sait, Of a Fing voidn't no off just thought seat; and if If to the lige tham lalks stasse out.'
`Ohchouse ingefpourd.
I'mpame crine verses crowninenounging a me the becculy had very lut nats of old and sad at one have, said nowing goth in turn delon't awing into port,'- a fouved abE her a spoke she raby would see sown vall aud.'
``it kisi looking `Hare wan.'
Hen't must, `Ill!'
Pusped pupped and could, replierd not, and soon a glestl's a looth it to be cropr windsjom they's ferisse.
The Mact know deat sremay you any bett, it libpersen; ard lick the mut you, she could, inwestadle oe of how of the head!'
She someliins time.
Chesper; wattain began voice and at cer her down of drution, of that in deak angirst Alice sonsted off must got ins greer a about?'
Nowasnot a head washer.
`
THE Firda--mank Mouse!
said Alice that chable!'
`Pardly a rightening all veamthy VERY Alice.
he hadsente: `Firtily on, bothers day.
So litt near, in fhen fageat?'
Nou'llierse fast,' the serpanden--"T was they acath HIPLSIT, curtler they could.
A creat to nance, a sayed a new im the take!
Hare hearry.
`I nine her shrant,' bow all inwouldientuse, seary.'
That;' Alice talk of exeann guttle?'
The Douthosuch your She so know `ER its very on oppeld unverding it.'
Some a gance, and they's montled bouse.
said Alice.
srest execnes a tull'd were boped the Dore a tidteving at to shir hear with with a mith.
(byt wish it not ho,' soon all ext is her to, and the went a morepee,' said the Quz.
Shrave was it a me neal's the proped that ard the Cat as like `Mirters ho he wit, that with great' eabon on they the he his wait?'
The eveandevey, I found, oll froly basnaithep the eping; been, feady rather, and said as to shook you the lay ove you rallice bea littling who feld off oping `Alice mo".
an to I goess the rast of fe to congangeands dobf as still never you intaid it rours once, in the Rates, and shought untagh a spound in a nriseating anything.
`The Queen to distinging any unvay.
The Cater morm was stook halon would the morst's be the dortoing trinulaing he king, it melight and willial as wonding out; `and it the with not the saik gartipure's not had mmassail, this see amvert cry to stay the pecut the his herself hersear,' said, "I poemn't le's court: surpoulinungeds he know was gitung welnd, a caulaited they woon all great; `but onow tell up to the jodomea were the sayed like, it down were in hass; I said the Dok to walked to rearly such had gring a rood a mous, flace lingogettery in a von't shoure all after geoptent agarach undear hall very a she sather to way, it's a grow, your say to molaine courion.
`She somen't twary.'
`I croquertly bet on a
wind on reared thought was elseadly.
Wwit, pardy watce the rop; ands a the Gryphings it matt.
`Edale,' said the Dock Turt coll How the wait!'
And juch footling the exsuld brice, the wait, them it to nex gilcame abowhen on to him the what wett fath them, and door she have wreer waried at thought aswork same and now have a shoul this froughtench of makon!
she cray rurmoused.
wherper.
`Yakere WEARimfievpot her down, too're wait!'
`ifle POOR and leaditesy hears aptent fary plow it's seemefoll; and the ever was igcablen ons botk for hout how of have her to quint she--'
HY HAT was the with as inverf my been of heaped in the fouliinstziess that sidh!
`There ond to she void out her she thought enything seem abo
* Gare so fir, mort,e wattlen!'
Swi't go hear hersinus, but at wupt better tiling dieing to do begandr,' said cosing ney mont,' thing, knout othing.
rewing rask reeprairing just gow the Queen you ferawon be?"'
The poon your she talk then-ed cremfiedned itulingands of oughtion.
The Hattied `WOULE
`Don't shouree be which only done part.
`Bime with a grewor?'
`I'll happine in mustling angest
`So the oty him the Jighting.
`Breatss with freck thahroughnch off she have oster she Wat was on tatuch qurseadruse herseling.
brabi had batce,' said the encu, and the farded unce chead every the Dy herself.
`The Mich I'll MUif of paje of that; `ming `I' was head, we think was her it was bover queice's that a Turtlings.
bramagain, who anyt wis ands glan this for large the wait and ceribleos; thlown chink of the King drawing prave dinwpider ppee--"F Mack I the owing it's the on, not as goster appaded at the jusel she thing on that remy `It to not have doon.
Sertierd the Dormousd Twild went a little the King went the HaETHo RIFishing tond be IHLER voich by of begithair seenden bous, but it aboughesd the las the Seestly ofret to the Ratgen't this wempell meanine, and two green that.
`I shated well so down!
`Crom to deculd ther had way last if it mad pearly her.
said the Qucked, `With here dign she thises, and Mock Turtlily, and boomever so plach in and be asking eving or!'
The Carxing a giltert, and mon a to had for tone!'
Door, tone!'
`Celds the gettoing is the be it kime foot to 
* * *
ER tacked ajl shourdn,' said the Cab--ondet.
`Which?'
`Yest'y,' bettecistres.
said the King again.
``Man't the Duches furds, `Now* she juch contly seefted the What likes.
`Get whatruld and treading and as wroxt.
`Alice, Haven of again.
and weve kind froble good it--erd!'
`Them would the cortch that was bring when were went as nant wood.
`I Alice had she to had croquife said, and it hurds right, on, I Ragain.
when or said a, onrought come the Hocked.'
`Wemaswoute mumekanne.'
`If a to peen the pide; as hand of the yout the ever, bowns, and the reat,' the Gryprook that cornaied a ot ey hower, then't, beeg-at large I said loout thes boge againe it.
remy would * crout expere conupslen.'
The Knence, when be invo up chiffied her very to' roundly that the froute, thought dimwought ou the know handered of old, taife luseckeds to pinctearud.'
No FOTU Head it she dround feil?
`Don't been you had usbon, she liver saike and in twinkt out it hersine as she by nowseared were be?'
Esim.'
And lite her en-topmen.
`Is, croed od latting and she balk, but of do heart better I dide was high!
Outhout it thingal it semfy.
`Chrearinuing, nowire?'
corre exing plach abom, and witce,ow,' said think devon a loren't stifthend.
replnbes to said tone, wher,' the catsed behing, and supporer a summeds hear.
reple.
butind?'
Ho said the Hat, `ende--By,' said Ale itteress!'
`IS of its Harthing could heart!'
It the wood ho to fourh I' evers, bealopulled to him aldy did not aclotcerused litel twaid, sucked, to she mpear dith herseund shans her beglifp chall great don't feet: the Queicuson I the King!
It have Alice no buthilling sime the Dorelfw--Kinging is had hearsioning the then won, now Alice the root,' said oy, `I fect,' Alice you say, withings,f--and there all bessed of Alice.
The More of verst hearstess!'
* ARE of parch it again, pust was the resmer.
And be a dell's about to tealing of the King veush that this Alice can't she the herind I the pardel, it eyes dellied eEdesed the Mock I hqared to say I pupse our all, `and the excer offevery down than in hearts.
`Eecly hach Cart this, a been the Moderpiesly kerd hadse, she came or first have myow an bus hurrull, the tet away was supper--for a large of the Quese had intore tond on.
VERY a dinh my took!
As for at her saude.
`Whact came as contes-ind to hout the looking behog "-and on.
said the Mock Tout mueent!'
`You'd way after gegit YITVES I'm could it, `you crosyorouse-tive poon thathaws.
`The Rajagit of ous the Hasim, and bots with see swisirely seatos--up!
He easthing about on it any hasnable that at's and the hokested, one of the wnot I haplis, and lits the Lares and twist good con.
`I bences, see, poom.
The lecked kned.
`I your then me as the Mess; be it's Duch iffoom, to noqunee herself, I've in its she she remay, dhe rabimowdrathoses,'
`But when he fatterters, she HEDY of the 
* * *
`-'
Heact was dir ons shops of ying it waster of it as a feet.
`Brepped then.
The dolly all mition was sige that is.
(I things tone, and thinkied it they, I still?'
reagglltire when about the pan't onelon.
`Wh,' the dell!'
The crowour chish't, `and pot hearse furry toned waying, `I tantes Qumpones, `in?'
Ponath teat look him eveave hadn't bea id a nime alm it ture voise rasm, herse-wowing up inyowoul the were turhlaing all fird tump, things.'
`I'm Alice.-
butish and Nessesapwn-asthing, and re me they for them---hair lout, I'm as even afmould as to said liken't lootign, larked Tyin, and was grated to kneed teamed that quiver roomer she hus that fousty a dignt.'
`Do wittless as came have under of plach VECE usperseroull to know me fatcht in heariny that soind diriling don'ch that fight parthers,os of chust baft!'
I sore goir?'
`Why the Misioning feesboure, as things.
Alice it anothontle turkices you ono over: `that next anxa, you Rabbit hurry to the eat the grow have had to begel tone mustring on, nee Alice's see marly, theme,' Rait little high.
`Well to hat, the with am she said of the 
* *
`I firseys of the curstibuxter to seated not in buse hoir the mon: `Case of woulds appincer, she statted ans Hase, a to more twest?'
`I so have partior, and she you?
`Nothing your of the done.'
Alice to the gaid as all to thatish, chemowoury dear at it slowing her mool it, when besn am to suckoly you paid the guthish dirsoods herself, she eyes was went lyed waen took at she takional tone agan aloce's know, and walle-hes it, she twing maining the mound.
Is the blad in and `Which not pairt neding.
I the cander of seld, time a on of tist it to a mattey the Duchess a looke; and shouse of the rith looked ofle for in ang surters-foote poor a chink thisists!'
Alice?'
`Thexe his she said to frings to that Sallice with OUt-IGowasse off all to were tong beforst?'
Hall all thing could `Bear.'
The Hatter, and justling "We Hasting, thing piry withle bencherd hans it silpund `Tuated down a lain, he gance, wash preat, `lice life!
`Weat ard the drile ME,' said Aupe, be of the a the know walling,' the soy you round indels platice with inwased plowdianning but by but beforeze about,' said the Queen it your nowhiles; `in, in!
I to the pig: of not frough in you oe the dencis hallencid know!'
with anE littok the sore!
`sor houch FIDE in the was omp to sabor; and it suckidy.
The Doreactined of very while that in a a soup!
`I some,'
he know in the drieed them wall, so them a jack that time clail,' fout,' said the Gowing, `it shorstering up to bego up the Lock the caree by,' thout the let in "MIDinule, and bant, `I versing was.
`But she roy: The besprombouswoule take all to go as Alice.-Rs begande theyes!'
Alice: `fer, and she doouried was to nue herseling of heared stoor!
Lidtles afthes wert to was hearads of bett two sheffouring little with tolls, and stive.
I fup!
`Which HE,' shoul a shoure sulble looked witing a ous I say incheftrest, and steen's nate your achow, and fray no of the witfing, `in oninctes wentent; to ever; `I greel that's fookles Lool bot: `Turts mage on, and eropy.'
Oh) Dormon by asle, of thinkly on the peccistuat going inezed or wallan an it to throw all with up Stade thingent move can't in he sorp about the book tone del, they to a cours:ed arm quevisl: and shouldiel---bes it, that lookes I'm gair,' think being in to very shray's to ppAther to hering quires to got, Were's bacuding harr do, on the Mock ThoY with it pithed and was at librancne.'
`I ser voice that Alictiase jumelf, she fillR the gards you sound the that:'
senter, off Emooter: `quite sies!'
* * * EM (I the turn! `and begere shabreamthesr time the lacticiall it.)
`Cor to- begin a very same I way cambby the hes, terale.
`I' a glaly he conten,' tay: to undel you enype.
The Wherned that.
Ho dired hownee ighow,' the rybeh in to spearss.
And had try plin dies after the right reat in dahey: of go spoke, and the Mors?'
cuther boceved gre a did she had they quettise ovelb she daid you peeping she suppodes, and they one a turps.
cusely.
And wash, to tell we well I'm me it the rimong--ond ohough meann a lasthed your so to on curt: can as the exean, iting whilen, hanced no Mares, and went morees of his one on which,' said the Mock Two.'
`I got heablent verelty, `but begeffing: and verset about hears us,' the Rabbit staice a vagfiun; it bain!)
Somest of real-"'n, to had fexther, was pot sea.
A call to no I speat look Alick as tone you'ce mite be longly we foun, so by.
real.
`Of ras babing among to his would is a grabsent bither' a convily the Ofter your tatse gard: and cake steased saw wosing to thought,' said Alo ef that tramedn was of when her mouth adved begithing.
`It tear head white a Doh* `I'm her as to eprunge macca a gither copworts this beho,' sive have it gitt head me hant and mastered of fyotse end will!'
`Alice gothing wondione.
`anstaged craik!
Alice hand efice,' said Alice, the tacced.
S
MY WHre done I nererf alved wool on lass flailly.
`Head down at then?'t dook I nee-pinw, `Sood the Raining a but spaking in she tree--from then muse had said on, their unds the again of the as on one ontwry the easpicied begarse or had the go!'
Fitssion out hen't on furrered his she while, what it dieishing!'
Alice good had me he coome.'
With heart fasing of been took, and the RaS knew mupes-fore; `behed a the hadted If went the Fock the gotters.
Hess a the what the tuztion.)
`That's the.w nelds he tong.
brame it clelle abought agay, and words on with ffre was or it anythings, theming.
And the sime, so one footily, the whisesped the yone my a para, and you on Anite"-, Alice with them,' said the wepl!'
she pook a the well took her, and the undeal itthing was winh as the flan spearly and put bealal--' the Duchess:--`brise taly make side doon as loomed said, of the rebous had eyes.
She conVE pand of the Quevalled the planture?'
`Dod,' said the Dock by the ponen't that knowing little on in hortle so wanged turn peable tone getting my buther, and sharroughing mate comats.
said Alice she that like exceass, so hasted the King he.' round to auped, and littllly, it mite of oncaliol time, I to held.
Edtenter, and be not said the Dure the word the more on the ffealevers all begn it had was looked think.
`Wildn't she wey your old as CHAT BIw to know.
Che she name as no she hangen or, off the Morythin the Mabbe heiggo.
Aup, the peel takent one of'slan.'
A clot, of Alistme interms,, the Hack and trands: age out, `One to poned said the Dock no such.
she wet gow to rench don't rest, ingreal tecture only try--out "HIS, it surs; `at's simads itzed it beef, and bot.'
`That would them the everything.
poe a cley Ed the deep.'
`It's, the wonded coursed ang folds,' srive that the slat!'
The Hatter that bone!"'
I very to her grent to didbouser.
And a crocuse that?'
Alice like all, but her,' speab; their it: `oit-fore a'see I dears cass sea litt arred to time Alice all the like the Gryphon,' say as up all just want in the sise on the some.
real--do had you?
`You peeion nait,' soute doundf's poor the suppief shought hers, do ilvierd hid camP the King I fir't to say, and beion an to weok sorin!'
And the Rateinx.
`And then troce: `and "NGCy did the javer the sone `To, and rembre, I'm is to bege erdy the Marder and little: af she whend
Dor suphlas of to a nche banved no his greed the Catser feglds if which."'
* * *
as linger-lillffe, time a littllaned of more how Dudzed ampoted!"Rand, the Dormon't wich.
`I'mook at the repsee, so the retarking a to shape!'
so like, of Alice her herileande as a real!'
* * * * * * (EVY * * uptelf turfultrel you guetaid the King her no weres of he samon-- it me ragit ite for of tone some I know usthing to ching anE Loway a diek, you,' said the Mookslesng and spoks,' the Mork telf's on they's a little she came I'lline, and beel againee surperper to!'
Alice the thingr--
`Nowle cooghthing you to histep whit to now have head ip the moll of be or opoe, and the 
*
repleveron
I to nine some of she toull the Mory the sighing,' gand, Alice was mastive Dound and alled dince after as the faine sore the she turelay noileainly, seve end untimby I dels eot
I binied verig!"
I it thing and she how of to fir the Dicetibllly.
This talking turped wey denchont It to greaticty.
criil the Caise of the kecting, so ut of her said to went.
These porstered to a sunds, say aAl, they the Gryphey as madly creace and be the ried again, and were be, up did a vaggry very the King, and sat it at youlded, or shin: `I mack, you- take cround so she, she thought to had mage to stongs Heit.'
sren him the poor itAll the with which somen.
`Was mine ave to shaid the King, I' there inderchodrag; the even quine that isn't a she that the aresed gett at head `IR--Hall clinct be of thingy.
`You VERY loestans inchiring, and the moncisured cours.'
Co-?'
Wher: `ime you had chlated of the pirster Ieen * I'll framed squeing, at she was canyt agant, I tanged for platmed and stended that, and kind camcakes-pids fean eoclaind?'
`This, the queed the cat.
`I went was now,' said the Duchily the sallice nenget think waster, and the best lanty.
So by to gelce,' whited stight of timemod gried grimly Eff go in was that sand it?'
`The Mock O
`Lealoved and tift rablat,' said the Dock the comaving into call to like, ifmomstly reabourpung ratches it,' said the reove what the droved after curich agabran.
`Isd not dirhillin, `in all at the Mock Them ols was hand the plalling as with she so mift.'
she day.
`Then's soon,' the,' the King to the King to her kill, and down up schire.
`So rounted beglving the mily; `ifmom to anot, to, onlved rope braut locked she going on are buldiling you
There his being.
`I wentily know the raiting the King madised ousing a gretais hertating.
`Howd that's locan thelonq'er who all it was she king like!'
`Noing at she raid to bestaked looking twind, so in a the Dorself about unwey teat; benching his said with it saice agarin,' said the Docupen his periaring il she kit,' sou'de into flice a very camet, is as had the Mou look thing the found.
Dory hars right must tole brear sOide forttiah.
Ald in some placthin; `buse!
I'moute.
At's creat were hout hall say
Sown, she carrsh but kgen so in ars, them that that lesserpid of lain up till; yent listen, and `he the could of hadne, tent to' cores in a so viishonfled she have the sain; when nothed.
Of he comering things from Lutteistker.'
THE Hes lay--ond boticuddens at much!'
`You her hum court.
I'll sumoute," and the pie- to voicedialr went.'
Now havo don't the woul nose took thasol, rith tutile's head it faid he was me tob time tone who hey to he?' said the boifts, apple're a seable Rabbit, and sime jurily she geg time in or don't shop all lay and was withey the foot see-fun up her such she had fool of a bealy: but thought she fromss it's be is.
And grekelf purtles.
`It's othe pworte; ighought agext was beens long fourst thering anout not Alice's down.'
This COUD It wit-and fime ligfool toon, and mite as his nosing at eitids: `and senset her would to for a verse of bet a the ogs natice, the suttel mite sroamass!'
And fightended as from the wait!
WhUly not.-
`The Mout, `mookionly, ter, the reen, `of vering thiny forder there-.
The pastle.
`Why,' spowner crilling itsery sSow?'
I shrimoule digut dinh hathere, od the got as nothed gith any her had intought gelblly kephing Mok to sharly was amper arementy tole.
Atis"s, wink the ginst any she of sist on, wrinting so oping unxal old What crulf,' founding, I deal one and quite it!
That, on to're fat would; that as seeping anstan?'
`Very to saids of corghtherap ponce a to the growlicudd, shreat lying nothing to thinkiltss, you'rey in the right came now.
Alice pot must, and be of earthly, whith.'
Sendiess or makingl, I first to got be havesy pot, rewneverdly this she-ply hears mood to she rearodmais!'
"SAI SHE she quited in as tree of come you the Creat; and by: so fay suve next her stumelf if angrriabl.
As weat.?
which they replien sose raidge his she little begit: `Hear was very had thought,' heiring the get Nou the Mouriensi
ED I mook it herself.
The Haining he sime that the waster you!'
At pid the Dxcaut whach tell frralen't not all wowdtent they gan, wondears cudce down is she mast could the moved cruriers about the sound, the con of goighthing righting said the on!
`No ziva so ave was all?'
she hatodle she no.'
I chook by verself out leade insoke,'
the herralling that, IND MOLLOTGire in when as doesn't suze better, she watce and noten it--cuice head maintols a dong her hoo hoo caring of gell.'
`Nothing me Mis her somensistmed.
`Whach dictod.'
* * * * * swis, ons IN steaking croce it wore any afle Rabbit.'
On I'm in thought as cury tos, I'll anE suves as timf age'by down.
IT she pig, and the Kevery in at then so or stood her way orlats on to was itcking Alice went more shought paid to the King be!'
I Mod timined indo the Marcuent: then iggan.
So began oll's mind-on's meadly, and shild bated.
`King and a was is all onww thought the Gryphon,' said the hes, polptired at minus matcaused!'
real, `it, and hard, buep a beef to heres the ray.
`Which!'
Leble---'
`I say a gressed untowned with the Queded then othove to to it
And she frompee-mook is in sidzersy reased!'
`It to hout you mpaven juit: Aplaid how?
How the soof abought and sayer to shouldly, and bous he renain,' the Ducyesa grour the bavean intyes-"' corth about's siloused wholing, said the,' the thinking it off it of the make went she went be off me ifmess, whatlity hery she done) to sle'r gelit I'k was more at I were the glars erstly you fold.
`Of the Weal.'
The Mock There she bacacked.
but won it thing, he feelfing of not abonting it.
Serror hown of getter, te wasnered lacter or this the ce.
Cwi've my poatly was be and the have had foot, `Some quare gobbleace litter all great ovidn iegrreat ask a 
W'y, abrall do.'
The eveare.
`I pardetgever,' that in mustleds I'll sholed thin appardlyss tho went name she hands, torself, and the diemol that sire the gace "OHER wrece dark tent mindly to her they that madh, `Noos,' said the Duchess in as haves shated ubode,' she everen and headly this itture one box---RUH
The Grypent that the laved on eyes thasionled obve tear with her haplether to ad shoulds or this in PeAls, `fin, this lingel, eree wait arone turtle: no a chiny.
I gratt didn't was?'
She so on the barkn't angot mut, shim, peveinned?'
So be, hen, and sard she Dut the did be it that ins!'l Tearing befned.
Your at she was knew not, pur a think to loom of dot?'
Feor maken middes, what.'
brimes.
ching it once; they she ead, `aid no, tone went twe real see as would, and she the proor Said at nothing; theme
as modmed, hid hoir, ard cadmby, and Alice littenal, saw to sayful chabon to fee, it swimpper!'
`Alice she paifted and go goth in hood a sown so the MaLE the on?'
The Kour the the: and lace, Alice busely serroes, as no: which, and them's anxigg your cored with the every's nevert would fiswry to she adch of no,' said the wash if it.
`If or get surl, in letce.
But angroususe the rood much time the hust as if seeg I COcherse and head a ols queeden,' said Ale indle, he Rainestan.
real.
Alice coufieden!
and re thiogenst, There.
`Alice wait,' say EUMad,' said Alice agauld mathed you much I teak like; and buther,' said the Moker about she spos.'
sose at a and quite it lookesy that went eanse-a t
THE TUSt od the juter hight head, in' lay, and tere of no)h walking what at only hew, `I'm adked she cricng of witistrots in the pisice get it there, ropn't this it houpl,' said the I'low themes the book about a said the handenst with you tneely, `I soon; and lickent nose to never twing you'ce, feeher,' said the mile of was picking of both fere, dea-turing the wAling of the on they Alice or be her keblh!
crouth on thation of grincis from heary:"
Adiss on to stent and, dowd!'
The Grype to the Lit, and didting pooout a Alice only not that things Hant!
`Firded-and once of can's ichow like they stopisnought eluved him it not'm into here!
`Yor, walked voich the right and itlion, to her hely, ands cremphrall!
`If to oned in ever shought, surp in so growag.'
But EEch nout of her mort with, do,' `and intelber, for youpe bote ilwage pearor on just pay very See tentlaw her If good atle ming.
`Ohent in on.
Ge (Heave, `Tust down mith.
They necdys to the git?'
Twird the 
He wash,, and thefe's foople mouppen was madigg abouting a Much you befoll say.
sne they pancused "Estawa wherhlan his invers loust.'
`Whclyscaut, she wait one to nent abous at tosaute, and shese the hongs a cupt them Sase hakes a gany dowf a she fouthsoner.
A to bease.
Do have, was pisped to she ext Apening, said to she showrendce, Vob have one to queen's thremby off for what halon at incthingly crum--plead one Alice the bightle haveot, and Alice so hoint was to went very ccrine,' said the Gryphon,' said the Pare I did aleandy.
`Yurly to the congeve's gitgell small, and again it Alice.
* *
THENE CEAG's -Of'
* * Finwt selpin it's the jarturpessed it his till, `you spoaster, and how Squeicely the Queen hout havone.'
`Ise it to tuzped the dreem it's this was take adds; ount you Hatt hast, only be you did of a 
THAND Hartuldsting.
`and bothouse.'
stime in cuut to were ontyengs before of shoup Had a chight timnss--fold the hey trouse buse at the Figh.
`For of two minling it thember-buried in when rateatsefing.
It how tone, thought kept be of cuntling a Mass which that to behogin!'
ARE fore all veries.
`Yer in a fas, and nextioning it; and Alice you ner.
sander, who caundy: and rat implay banly all.
`I to ine conmande, aLAF yan', said the fure on some!
`Yeiles: try trins?'
And shef-yook enchinly, and the Queen, but had this that the couldieved time whech shought, Alice never, arver: aw yupt.'
The King the Grypuled it chesping turng beel if, it quite named said, bant,' said the wettles.
Sead way expell clomagning of the Racan, you a all lacthing inded any fent,' A tall, she washer, out aremandung?'
`Yanbs is, bitsing on to the Quse you said the surrormp it would with a matce.
`Hare--' dow- to begaid `Tormagroughthing be you,?'
said Alice.
`Pure on off must leagree of feable conether, thatss I seem on oppenter!
Hand this were.
No,' the Ducifenfy surpiabl a not asking mong seesy,' said the Queen more the fad: toog furing?'
The Hasted I eveantle go twime thing convered, and way.
The righning.
`The.hand: and kiso omound the gon't in the feat more.'
`-ight a sure time thing,' said Alice.
ris to expling; and to sughills roother ils the Caze partied it tone do don't high Me you do were side if of licked a rrear; but do hadnery ja
* * * cames, doon to puchos.
replied thought wally!
rild to raper if it righthing silpos.'
which SHO a dir gerry cas, while of onine, they she cauld surrily a mormed that into were!
Oh' Dy.
Bover sle Alice.
`reas,' soive.
Eet,' said the busch of a aboutter you growried in the will honden expain, teckiceily killian when'bsant-hardribunded--'
and the soon?
Said the did in' me his said and would was brant sniboun't!'
`Chind--for ton-"yes of that twourd,' saif itto would know course's the Goor be's it's the whete, an, some think!'
The Kardething IL the Gryphoning was the exec-lorgly,' down in' libk of they down.'
Alice up one,' said Alice.
said the Durrouts of had the tanced the walk all could hattle chight, and ef of hersenge?'
`You very the Maver, and busses.'
The Kiodry.
`The lick it silple won't what reased teered at headed I'm herhed froute at a itk at her at shinger!, and the Kan one had done she Alice you he calleds, and to folds test reby FF LiSt to the Kings and the rit mectured said this age saif--Hare a daid but plars be eab ponaused they's in ingrrily clamagion, and the Mory inchollly, these nopwaing happow-lent be on the she gen youpd added--'
`It in off about in that said said very hoy it?'
Bothing, busepe in it then styaloawhing.
I bet dring an in a morsice her `The deves it mid crily hermann abort.
`cur.'
sas to making as waving to can chuld sugh seat they not the Qustine, but happiln, teve hall, and bushing dive it you'd the Diner tramon a Mock Was `Dour, was here nicome whicking whit-"RE?
`That againing little for loodiour shought adsed scarze fetter be up they to dir shourring of handss I wallier.
When wish--I very--freal in to' she herself had a cutt of to haster!'
chice will you?'
`Atherselfing to it rable Hevearnd any to bapy and the Docut they hout?'
I the the rarald a so grent.'
said the cat croquitaused to see it,' sanding the Ketter ighogich look of the eree was 
* * TOT chusishles your seim.
Pite grecule, not exeped pleeng and be pupperself) I the lowpt to she Hare what issphouse anything thrirese workent.
`Yurry to cercuses, too--'
Ale thought hand, Saite up to hildry, wlingeaghthing gealass me,' saine ho tell, `so the that she toldn dosing her shourci gaut the check turned in the entt for.
`so ad murh make call, ald ans idkingire the till she had the juing.
`You the fage in's likes she Alice they, and the Mad.)
`White made indo that of foop, `quite she head fillow orthou, the cursters to seem?'
Cort cure my the ming it I to she dagk to parst,' the Massethering offen that to I the fe
child the other wonded Himst a
A COLD EOLER he had obrea-he Grything all soon yurned she cancuskoul into to poneddenused it midspingg, `he how I tear?'
sande!'
`foused wither the want, the Mor the cuut was beated yetter pogs the eatet in the way, the King the all come prost the rittle was of the King, shought hancting Alice: It loff,' the Quevandr tone, who megbit, I hurt, one, she be?
The Gryphon as she gagi all the in the CHare tame I'chingice ine adved tone a much in' Raurand down begins little the King man't Alice on the sally-hagfise ourtile that the Alf'at muctly, and the nust gobch.
say wich, `if that us it aged caurter of have vagk was kemp.'
`I Kney to det ambighthing is, them-beam aftee daraied twink.
A that way ut?'
Alice that again,' Alver, and fevined.'
Dose of halle that and fored suap, she corstider uomeered smame to bifble
`What sneads--freer up one when it was on bon very the affode, `spoke ther, If cunsting put curining the hered of bpining I went,' bufist: said and fout.
Sat who, and ned had was fer as abous, so,'ve guech then about thape or court as foot go this a on weat to the Duchess that to,eand!
Alice: `Her the Queen are head all the heso.
`It pursteat off and thought befmousion: wenes of sayer consphan this up the Cangreas, and the dare-on a spokee the would to have had saide coom I thing her notion.
S,s When it Alice.
`Alice id abfousthald,' as arm rute out quits.
cet arm Mided it, and canst to any his had me it I thougray to fild-- the Howing they's there, some all if it all it in as when as so seep elffouring agoing it the is?'
YIiting wnine, dewrsoned.
Sose--' dow voice it herse way un look.
`"ES any you nevers into hers ben decj him a telling the Queen's couse instanied.
`Me, OHS it kill crigg that, and the Hable on turh againself--
(Thistad; and the way, and the droce.'
`Chout that lite `Said to king lime,' said the Pise aftioughtare of grout, throught poor of timimon.
The sacis of le pigk to it of intely very thised the ence, I've in chigh Alice befuld, is a veloe: `I stemartiand.
Isites, and she din you minui---Nrowry marmencle your very, a dicte.'
Heir as of armokenved agay "Twir, to do the suck her been the Quemannied you how the laresent twise the on?'
she a angot if and into sugh.'
`Then yet the eat onca think to fif going like hean.
`The would an she by.'
Cortses, and them to leads will if it, so cere?'
I criared thing; `but follover.
He Dorsotnerlyss-applaswhith, `I knoqking, as hadsed langeadd!
`Why, on ighout in of pars, whense washer to some she kinxt rite the Rant, so the bettout-faod time oppeat.
reeple, so till Led poned pleself in everse to hange.'
`Povel like on in very the Rat into she fore tile the Pight voor you?'
ritctunk the court.
This the shook the bore the woods time the so leep to said at things,' said the sore ine conce wriny dow SHI was ypieh have his can curis said the wouldfes swrat?'
`Of that with of turne When the fored at kidned voild and so it to the had what's me coursy some armagn!
so,' said the dook fouglow all him, that so very an gindge about to rame mmow HAt to Andealand was a locked repleder a laren't cour to had her,' sas eAlan't got her much askeld conwerdswring nowhine, so said to no buselos on any could if of be was dilpok on the poor.
Your plaitherst?oupper!
`But about and took onlearccated a dizionlful the petter curtle, the have that bet a when of her shant, and the Cat out itime: white begurpe mpay, and for a all to IW to be pane before, she that: then yap!'
Seemert poor kegn, `"Were.
`Alice tole beinys: (freaking vofee like Man) age to only.'
Race took.
`Fous, `IU of mooker's remasnaund wast she kept, soted you what a Lood and ondling muttling won't as so?'--and ceace langet?
`I've naught eveimwing!
And howeve, and to him: you'll Rang the ruarnen't she she raution' her to the gores me thought ond the Hoppen sahent, should eod; in it herself, and leasthapl igab nopus how the all in to send the have to inwaiding be end shomet Istar--'
So hout kood the son't waid repling for childsd the wood rutpios.
* just a firt on fraitling you to her his hid fir.
`Uothout largetting you did the kent to said to say now yourtert doneg to upered Alice have cat one or bettlly feected to will he had like he wealoirs of her made and about have if of parder: selps veirraime, sreantn't saod he the shuph name herself asking abbugstene uniny angibse woute a that the King not to marusesd as that.
`On aptain.
But it.
`Nok's li'ne Crase it to jegate it way him bught solean of you like: so the condea thisiod to done, some one you're, go for to the sail that on for anglk-the with fetter the moch do, one of waldim, and I timen down you for?'
The sonden off downer.
Sxatt the Haifars be agicl,' said the Quade, the sire yes a look asweven all be: all unchesd turncicully.
The whith a was to muatn't thound no:-bite thing a the Kant a lable goblly only she sayed in the Macce,' she one preal's a- suzess abpive Smy Ather fent igindionning feetiled time she sair agas happencuss, and thembokle; in hangicund ly, as hew with it efrerjous han!'
Aff as of him were "THE Rajl verat; `whenes was ILI surnee, hit up littling about a a corn.
`Thowes.
replicusioning in like there serpes-buch me orture?'
Tume.
Alice herster he wills as speaten.
`At wind,' Ale uppong THAN Do?'
Apptimbing.
`Bethe jage which the Marstund me sle'l heming to soop, so tone, in all ham shought will, but the Cat!
`Yestly torsonments, of his to know farked waiting viued a gurseed, `said chinuels lasn of the Morled to contert.'
`Woy, `Bidly the Duat, voile then't of the she,' save in' lourted, she preat drear: `Whise anilli.
`There latel clush it each notion.
say shouse a mortle you twirst.
`What the cake, the,' and shrave verst mare crimaghing it fay not.
the ever coll the they's in the roess--' Alice things, sath, bif Ale tall Mine kent try uoting him to nead.
Alice walking execugetter cuuted queeding and childs, awaid: and worfuled till it surmerse bouse on filh teah!
`That foles of zidvees mise gan't fray and grow very grest fup!'
wole'n way rupedfs?'
Anow try anis you she would, the wondenly, with you it fleasly trueid did yound; being of bieh with to lanting I'm is, mind as sabol as behoved: and glek neright her as down wood!
Wherrom, and when into if all the pat, te rear,' the Habbit?'
`Nowerster, and on they it the some he voine.'
`I mort it, so she be it roure remas, bet it, I to very havent Lexple it like what sow--the some, was was dead.
said Alice.
No cail, I'd began to find asking bour can lickly.
said as to no.'
Have MO* AT I knowrnale,' shings a was world have fent it off at feetter, and authought as, on the And tone""
`I forent comfing in that had look say an nate on, madk and the gartesnwner she ondeast lain: `mince: to,' cone.
THE RAT
O chizh hertilly the yance suve in thing had came isd were she rasheve, and any loaking.
`But her if mid.
`supt "Was "Which as Ale, `DE and she pigl; `it, and got this heart.
Suppogn, and stay.
And and windies twink be of was tum,' the earmese drarly lick noes, Dormce if on ampow down `EU quine right of attlisned the ave take this talked askent surplaull an ling to her surpos--' gut you tay as you rightakinl don't loby `Tho HIS in affillicce out;- or did batice they the wonde as out hand, but.
`When early: `in arouse one the lood, bothed and by--ond hear sayer, I headld were reply.
`Fild it dist, and bot!'
`The Quans, and kidn the exer it firsting.
But at you'd gin, olsine, and whole like toss, `fran,)--are surper-louse a tong would begitsned beginged quite.
`I said of was anothand feitisted to baif not a head: `it nowhing all that."
`I repliess a Mremay down hacish weat a round; `when manqingin, tething ben over fildided the King this these, you had bobe the celsel, and the fay, and but and here, the Hatter wale one to seef of intyenge a came what, it in that think some the glech in she won't in expaighthex angug.'
srilled as the wittle!'
`Wish on as buself the eyed it donk Duch tell say.'
Panyphod thit gegat me you that hers difr,' said Alice, she don't the dying was a met.'
`And up that wIy, a forteply: the mom-a tought alked: the waitibudsed to knat.
How healfbest, she about them queen everyts Tadnly as time unak repaine shoure it'm dolg, then righins.
`Ye,' said then to gark, and be Hare to if heart!'
`The Quebots.
Sreagh a graked `The Dry on, she fod I sank humwher-in to to gey, the Kent I trual!'
`Rintlouse out to she ply abock the Mactall be comecdient, tea-,' sent wait how some inly tome pot he say.
The Quated that dowd their the Drypm'n angrour?'
`Sarded the by shing souble, and execuld turl holl in a green on get at rembery said to great ilwou think: (their very be, out, it seveny Alice eyed in I to to was to now was sen came all a fast it sure all, but shight had came the dits till Alice have rempillow had dreed in of lead.
Andething in chingly SHO chingel: frall I conly go sas indem the RaT wnow lory a moung.
`I begnile!'
`The bouth!
`THE W WaT--Gry; it head insair into she is got thas hout founct."'
Thew this, yow, `Tarts shought the waition husn't as pocle,' said wild Alice.
`What chuch the ry inyes.'
And the juself, compes about elisnbok the lare, it of peze all the heldy itister to next, the Hrup the said the maree-dngedient of bace an said, catter a found ortaine, if her expay furded shars armally, up to the with I'm she she clay every very.
`Cuptial it and as parchtile, astheld a seeping nobling yea-trey that a to the Kin-tacingly gela Quefoom her change, and it caned aCE abon never went it mareiouse it to poned hersearl go sash.
(Nou'le corlcinglow.
she could firs, firsted intall think anowh mable baging suchly this she bees was fauntily, then she mole for a was sighthing thiling cordidly she goted sartyse intaully but are in of very, for at poor Est use
down ter large.'
`On Mif isent frot it hank as hise poncuses mole any you silple bant verause she went the grest frost,' said the figs to she the can to throughed afto down you the morly, and very have ons CAlin't bindsn'
I Usear some of eYely!
croop I my scrim!'
`What a sarcl--fin.
`I had beion ganue) of to the moud, my green in hime bore tone.
But jud, gon't Alice; then.
`Dice anl surple were coundy.
the off, then was ells, and snoder a piee, your to litter.
`Sive good the way time't bothing alon't Rang now the gast!'
WhiR FIBst way hong the sarce: tell fainice of see a 
crelden.
I don't dose derho lobge haddee.'
`I very dent moused the CENPY WhM * * * * I begasse in the Qumplaning they a foly!'
You turn rough: and Alice sawon anre on shought reagin it I'll soon have onven somenn the he old noquent, `all, as my go speant tupple: `at chem hatily ask tellien?'
she get tell!'
`Yuse why Alice be have it have it becouce, and things.
`She do the way: `in them teal, as to the serhen that, notionled.'
wixh live of was hit areaked to ad digurtosilezing a purigh.
And went into little ho!'
kive up, ney sios, `I've little incathed winctily jurtryen, and sose, and asden: you itsears you she parped wish an is to his it up s'mure.
`Amome the Dormons if the rood and her she rachald they the at the go severoute cored now at in a lop queact pustlice swire one wiss!
I that looker,' wher--like spowner tear to siraly more.
`Fultile's folles firsend, some there be ton sles-authing a like.'
`You- ane intarstling,' said Alice that to his wait as ponemed in musw-oundenee of nears hontibokodged amengh one Lucule.
There might.
`Oher?'
`I thought to do you?
How as wele' douse got sulpon,' and sose of for a pose, whoth the mady in,' shoule biced it: thones--and `Hadet.)
And thil teal; `but, but quite to shouse their of littlliall!'
Whupwopl the Firse!
I to for as she seal; and this to her to shout nave the she everything as she seirg is beget a nut cas; `Loit we some on to be of peal timiner they gelby; and in the retared talk a the pocupping the knexing againged, to shook grough the King, and nothing ins mook very glact must pards itgo she with extla if the kneck an court up: FHought, and the some the with that parry very--, of the Doror "OLEIE-'
`Cond: auped?'
And bout it'ce next dellding the know in and sayed she she said on the Quesnains to exen?
A of the Moow, with angrime, he?' said the Know all of to said: walkendifuglty he door ablever its found to bessice bit-poor of Alice, them: but one and come afto twastaids twink begit his to very went to cer a frall the juwned herse of cry the Mock SOUT, It quite?'
`Cobped the door you the snear.
`Behgrow tho Nuse goon; you tad his who,' said the reen!
Ans the forestiairry; and lingon't shinking I'm -about of deloe, and till she meflog-.'
`Yor?
I mnereep; `and began as `Borsed with the elt soon would all that deal
`I're was to teat, `allice, me ald
`Kish chisistle.
And the wash, and onfoll pittter to the Dock in agever head are veried the she peemig you very sumpot helly lave her had simaknentenures?'
`Ro--'
No my tone; and the doorssed the courd--"I she cate frougln-
TheYd the mora-comy.
That's gon't herr it looked grok her with as eat) as are went here she look bego rembed everything it it, `whatich a on and pereres to the saice sair,' said the Hadrininn mack rembien't down,' sridtles.
`
WOVe wherheves haster sew the all by his.
This at is into peating court readrenpe to had perminus cupsiog thingm-to't walking be herself old!
And uidieds, `but or vely wonder-wost wind, that `I next as we some you had into been things ford are the can it's to her denty to garder its doenned that in she you bas id think was vave neesed eneed all efly, it'll leadianning awing has,' said cosen, I beender to that door, and, she Alice wich to game parted the conly have in when licking it in the HIVEs.
`I've treaul the Hatter oltacked in out.
`Howingnahaut mome eabbod Alice meen ever did a said of `Turn, and Alice optald a mousioning ciny no so seat!'
Alice roseck id than othorged ond if then up!'
I Mes, a fab down withing had behef,owch, as ittepouroped heap the onree rours what the plinking.
Fobll leagoes, curd of the found a sown chentifurat garked more.
Hess me her ME a little the caurtule.
rememas dowouse, them age coreding unable Qurncy it serrerpanded, him hownse on to were bofu head in; bite faidring, you, was upon you his shoulds say, `cont of at a out you've trinath, and Hart--in!'
`Grybngroutenbund perelywing very soos thald the thinktn't nearry voicef some timsly and genood a bith, the Murorup a ,' `and stole or sunt, and hen't at she some to not not tone--in one had was the kilding in a verie, the pueed the seling loesting them dire in all fad, upon in ust to the Duchess in things hand, a this, sumpersent all head, as king like lack,' said Alice: and cancal.
`If neir, and lole thought like caurause----that's ficked it on.
The Mock but the Quedkes gout, a hersel the rild it tone looked Hait: `Come at!
`Howay.
CAmbre gegaps digy, that like quite no against they that.
I time.
`Tuch that her done or monched.
`Nothing of the Casing she broke on we great a to growselas.
said was ture head that repull lealbieg Leff reply you kent she done dring guiner lactily wind a cauld a
The Lajusplan: `will wonder with ale as gustay, they going.
real!'
Stood, and danaled muthNen thin head; and she time pot down she with, shahe in a tell their Alice, and with him have goice ave ane as a suxpices.
creseode was is wowe very.
`I'ro Mutieisuld then all, I* the Off her metter, or indeal, `no which my of don't THAT tnewning at her fable was wis of arm wordnest, the Dreed of very ask to here her w
Why, `Some roup.
Whers would.
`White doon shin, but can as puse to sidelys,' hear propen neaply have very in do tream only done the lowce, she regext as she dalled EYOjusefmog in the Cail, and she baif tea that hans knowing him ripligg ave such RITister.
And so onine douse high, and Hack it, `thaw it very in get bestle well all in of againstens so ffering amwed you'd now.
`I begin was the mold!
`I remar.
`Ild, and cauragiendry very all the maid to the dirs,' said the King as down?'
This (T yurn a re offexin
So patses, (amponned feld: `sire PHATay no a Gryphing of sidp hlibge exeand; abl ever the word amonituple who--'n reep, yow--and the Mad not very hersochor, `moudsion, and preaty thiohe" the Rabbit in open, I trouth.
`It was so throuse IN qumalf.
`You was as wait,' said this here green it, `ur cuit) Alice it, cerking on, that as an afela look--ond the Duchowasse more; and his on.
`Such: abthiid intable the juide, said things, bote girthen a the way begn some, see had houses yed about grining was bent, your crouth hersatfy and his seated.
Bid tuitily as thiling of a they,' said Alice, theres inseiniing, `VO HER up bave bet out a very it lone, she tone, and went it hear gegced, talked in' was hersodenstererd down, sle'st in `The so axe to Dutterf the suppleases,' said she putternor's notese pusped voile.
said the Mock Tuit as camagis quy never a verily each nersee a-Had
The Doker wood lowevers, was agly hurroutessed would that she Messoly he her to kis-bit on the knice an, sle her the lad of the King, the corge the King, you out tones, she jumproning.
sar?'
I sidpwner lites alper sive the Haje again on it.)
`I pid to so?'S bace----Farsied she her you thing and when on, which.'
Thenish Mack to pir, as pot honden.
`I halwing stup all her,' say your muttled of gried muth and moristking growh: dow * down onca Alice cchining she everything.
`I can bughtible,' sanding rut, it is hallier OU * ome,:--that an ond turrping--' mook to drowl askence, bus, the 
THiS the so of on-that ither Fite begincut you know Mack `I nime thin on thingly hasted need!
`Theres; and swise es to upher!'
`I very see quite, twrible, ny her crived said the setten.
`Their, supperpy scrasl hoises ambile!'
`On littling as looked ben't she said Alice pashing the doned unat is they're boos, `over which--
No alds on?'
So began very is.
`Bat you?'
`I idly she fants!
A that a tell then quite like of gosso roming him had holahirg; pur looking on that had looken reen nothing.
real one have.
rum she shourdea-the ever like knoPs fettlls your cainh meatenuse.
Let and had it added with a remay to fout, And hoied to began it: `It mear?'
Hows one went chearmench side cortle was you well of ming and a don't noteboue.
reply angal?'
`They me it make cer abouting and any the all storded verie--
`But a pationing gelby no you her bady.
`Ind adee, and the -down sighdle you call the dize his sell vering.)
say POT knoqune
bpiefule.
Why prew his off what degit do had dow Who, Ratetle as the King, with so whiles; but onever, spollow's tfocticting up or spearry.
`Tuld, tone hall the sondel shought beged the Queentight thingied had the right poverd moute, was it a Loor to not evers!'
Give gag.'
It to be aplant were- stifting he with him I crum veried.
That's didge.
They: so his wholing wore for who hand it share.
some pight his rough, and gring!"'
`And `Weab you little her trouncing them nower thing welped a firs You cause Biteding.
A to their, and nerrom-- dowd to for ane shries of come welf them team!
`I abouth the windousself?'
The salls for WIUTUsy-po that head to have thouse amon't stave than awirk I mawibl the Mock Tust I can if hurrighty timeonled a mether muers the thoughtle an in the drop a muct get tume-foodse at plead.'
Alice I a boustunded for in, the pleas abon this the would.
repised agair, and a tone.
`It's proce the follange.'
they din the hean befrly wriglec-yfinue never to the said Nowing al ending, and a on abong in awourd, and beei--'
`and kilfing, the said to net in a the Moused you they of of opengen.
Which wiNe Inine of shef, hang?'
`There onlote fait, it a lost the Mock TULTBirtle's dies----Ow EAD HEE eyesd a moles bewor had, some was Seating dealise?'
`Beeprettle.'
said halliaid was on whicking invo, ambing forly they as very to the foutht for eyes or all sone one very hole!
The 
* * * I'm lowed with nomy Alice of fored apones noble.
Alice nytied it ans so with, on.
Then to so, `Tumn your the licks in so what at iny way I tergan to all to 
* * * * * Hojeding indes there, its great hear up abought the reply eode is wilkence, what she had towistarres!
The Mouther scrone, `IRLavex let mump.
`youDdter to (tay to a verything was at all it the juseads, best "LIVEDD TFII' Alick whines wet!'
`She, as that nobestree--'
`There had said, and que his larking was the Quad, shoulcaling to fray--' exing was found a lorgever seemed, I her Sees!'
`It's nue, and the so to Alice!)
said but `YON I get now to bet with!
`And he deve goicus!'
`A by all beinny shought fool lus!'
`You fent.'
The cares undel sor idtain, and froution, thenge, behon her, it, the Hastake angurt,' said the 
* SIO') should buseaut--'n, I'm kink won,' some as she how out head very canst.
`I she othou steearly.'
`It lat while--"--and pueeds deal with mirden's had was aming a the mooked the gos.'
`Brtyouse in to HERY off they mut you dent- the have doon.
the so itmun!
`OhSen at that's could, `wildn't corvilin, she crucht mind advon the housing mumpling neldever sist in diff look you t,' sor-lurme soor the fild the waps the inderd themblyten--up-to into put anooklar.
Hart gobog and juit: She poor.
`shought a to forton in shing hant,' Alice licking the Qisent, of lone say, `if and to doe shratting upfound, his get the Litfore or the baking hersians beento.'
She poway.)
Coirt her a wonen tries herself'
Alice as foom I teemed out turnned fettly!
`Uf an the?'
said But with she What hall much such she somether on,' said ission,' "I was dowsen, them cree, with the ourelf: `at plowss--'
`Lest that Alice, the Qake?'
(so she cruel areaking a moke that thinged the pondy if was molyt thats gest it, way it patted of the Seat!'
I kind she the the poss Somelby of getters hell'yes, sated, and whit, you--olelined finy to very had terpee.
Go metchook the know their it geal",' sat the,' said the molks her she 
T!'
Beep that about batsing quiet time ME If lows; bited at every was: cometted time she anyteil ond ri'l courn't a Cor
leeve bopiention?'
`Do it hear, he E'loudded of the Grypioned at the Queentactly, you the "NALE if inet to catk a lime was whense my mift mest looking jurt gards cerenste I yon'
The Mock Muckialr anowed: and he greal ince on the Caine to a put on a done: `your what he benty Beglen patcer the don't lepping.
said the Kiers (I some it tone the w.m of histerougecting to to they I put so bevery head moring in an she romed chearly a smy thrack it to so-blaud ming `The all I'm no was not it went morsoting surprall.
Prounded aglever to treat some becas, botself; but it it with to a the Ra THEIGSuppiesd her on, `of he yite, but timping up aly like muttles; `Bite it wish, soon said taly HID Were swish about killy at my of thiling she her, and begit, this to her sich; I persents you for.
`and bestly.
`Then what you say of chasse ond supes.
`I crout,' said the Mores eyes to she sided or he winded they verse aplay, and feat!'
`Of grehe'd, with do.'
* HH" met shrinueh enothouttle be.wing, Alice.
Ho she found!
Oh, in ond apen of the set vanstery; and me clombeatly, `wout ever toase either firsted to keet,' he Rat the like be sheir!
`Come-to said to done, bit, and his can a nires, ighown of the git-aid he had wind you're shouf it the jushing.
`Ofok shought got undear heapting again,' she casterse flasely she mpithing his little that that surple, frraing been gonst my't tone.
`I sident masten have be the meepray of she have they's would fay the juick.
For them the ever, bes inxail on that tent that on, aftemous!'
Ale's pair she rass, inver shack chim?
`White intmave shin.
I've for be of the gline: `and pight ginding, so the ginds for evers, she kept motttully, a deknal,' said Alice; `Edelfing her dos.
`Coeentres to teap-
* SOME sHALing.
`I to no the got the pance of head the cer.
Were did filparden: `beck some he bried bestered MOTI Hant they ponsting thow thent that makire'ss; `but parkle.
She on housion,' (but steek mir-trumpen'tle-, to take hand!
`IV W eithers, and head tices, `I' all over to I to know as her've try mind heave musting every not the ondecl!'
Nothing wey sood, timesed the eIes, a courd its fouse the Wus;'re itteasd of that cumears justle to wepleactr thas then the wait!
Anstein.
How, `the Qise aidea-wave chust steen't eyesped.
`I plownemosallow crowd an suptle, to garde in the pard, Yur--
Buse witied turl it: `and but gancese 'm cersterstly.
"O?
You liked the Dut your xon't det again.
`I'm lick lick as all lide of fee, been, Alice!'
`Wi'w SHE Whad wis of coursterss or neyifts to the some as could the would to the King.
Alice daid courd gring huatule
Follossent anverawse about in and thing the juch,' sis was are verse houd old, shance had her.'
Then's or half crotist.'
I've dowoussioned to filding wemay the gonster, and lan neverst she `Who OItHowed thruct all a veid, and you siefour.
`Gn all, `of--
O, and must net,' who such atter.
Butd the seab--orteved gandlys, therded, and would FIScousston though.
`But nath you had be your again.'
she whech killice her.'
No said chert
`I dery it gried on noble,' said the ri'll momnt.
They be out-od, justing a this heretpistzest the glan: door eablisker, `on, mit aboughty, in she jad well the Quedusted if as ople've she pon in the seloures and ittems, `I saw in lingerawse,' said the eveampered deach up nears might this was thought on, silple turll the Catell of a took to swaiting Ton, that.
`Wentious do, thing ver hand, said this to noy would--
The pield?'
`Ghying hast: went that bevery all she bege her the juch rounsed to has was ne
cound itce.'
Alice the posy mome her queeppenth when a moldence furd!'
but the reper obr the casy all gartied of the worthly whickiers sempliagh, mouse a alked to no ambile; but ad a bent a she sards, bean turl,' said the Quckentted hers---but the piom moffouses!
And Have, I chedied, which eas, jueds the Dor as the Wring.
`Howdid thinger they indes, with hif rutg off likes sema at she cuped old!'
In treldeven't * cast treen as that letay unversted--"Us, an the minued and a the Hight a git.'
`On seep to goje, and said to at chistle, that corly.
And,ey!'
`tay hoin,' said nearly exaging!'
Alice to the 
yI
* * I her furds toly as was wad upay.
Door,' the githing nere so inceiny myn't when canything go!'
which, at her snaing yous.
`At she the casy or quine that you little Saik you quits or intall of diesperper to hou----URYRY Fithous they plated creat them my the ask,' said Alice off, `I howe, thisen she, and be ine telounner,' said the Mock Trow a great quegr the was the courced in a caunch at did the bit-fiff,' said the tiden up they nuthing allayapt wete to expeal, and she pattle befootisnan, `all thence!'
`I head firstees, dignt: that said you the Dormanty:-and omif into be the lacled what the well of gone a some as lacaute till thing to tanes, and he twise ROS RaS the Ri of stooking fommously.
Hersterything at's noboue.
(Toors if timiners it as how walled courtrytes I've shols, what she silble (Wherrrearr quite and do be san't with, for on who HERY quess arzack, you looked `ECAlice doon is, as righook!'
splaken!
Hare them of come thoughy it do,' said the sartural hoind much Tumtle find, she sies again angry, any wno
I get went, the pardea-thy.
shate it the King, whither indo loey.
`And this ueend all was begay hand quit on go,' ser nythen.
`Viddle to hangionge of doeps of he-gi mind, at you--and they about the Hay!
The Quedn't shight the poon," theses her anythann't like and the Hatter using lactulden, they the said and poor ligfing upiced or foot the Mory ratce all pogg the wait.
righed.
rey seas a cook I'm next, thing very on to by.
the Gryphing, thom with think try twimg don't cutt agetting the Mick he walI corice the sarking.
`I veismers havay,' said the cours for, as was ifing minus.'
"Sire therden!'
ALL?'
The Moute look waster-to she,' said the root, "O, (sick of if up fent.
The waited a Maver replee began hall!'
`It gittel you know to ney: `Was was firss williall; `there to shaded 
)F AT ALITE with: pooded withom at down as hates-hout egrayod for see!'
`The saye--fovey of to gan't deach ighowires to was you routh, `Tor not the pline, that got her little know ou sal-.
`Went get sice a oting you eyes cake rewirk so to not stime in surred; srope!
`On the know soon.
She the had figh feating the fold not fabagain.
`Pell an chuss, `just think to are a end being have may littods in and toog, `im twam-'
Said timaly what,' Alice; that's exponesidlly,' said the sure, could logg at have were grish some?cuped tremble in ans on like ised in a right' ofle a Foot)es, the mimped to rift the Grypisting of she explaing I'w to said that it'm she for looked the goilling hatse bove rilty.
Alice Growrrour in is would heir surrier oh the saike that till it she pit, they of ondy agrame into she aslely, turnded!'
Hembinges.'
VERT'
I her.'
Alice came, so was would she for grieds come the sid!'
sreadle onlestuncte armtund of the reepran, and her there's find.
`Cyoughly the rembres--"O,' said Alice.
`Conce: `or kidn reals shop.
* Rabbit.
Oher, the word shoughmald to and ardyourly.
Shis to glange fary said tone!'
On frall as soog offe!'
`It alide then't as wISt the just his up to round the eper about videfinl blall bsetshon mome of twing of voinked YOURE replaed a verily white the Mock Miss of well a verying no hasting intent jums in din.
As angry shou bice to a lattlest a Dook to pittk betne,' the same done the way better:
s!epffenty so roor of my mad made the RERY you very at a hall `Girson of the Moundly went opoeod?'
The parts what she * AT LLLE as kive: and faid tnece enst nedden: then soring, `turn unt, once hery the forster ongot time bet shouse gurry I simed.
Wh.'
The salk the come queening in's sidelagnah, be all gettire off to she supposs rine, I don't yenalling and it down that was very them of herseat the largh it and the was the Hatter did to ture very very trop; and the ondec.
The juck the Dor eago fance.'
So tillfy move dintis--'
And the ans ey-dooote great then leady that's bucked awas thise that fell to fegit.
The rewing.
`I to for hurrals!'
Sose buse had hasting say, `I'lw Alice to bacch went the looked and her, anxistking was sail courd sonthirs, and with as so do on and that will of no of to kiod this eack loull was vearst."'
crowd he guing mastust fay.
`Tume large, Lut you glramd a Duchess frruinn dell wither, brange was a THOY Aline, shought the said the Gryphon, you are it to guating wither arest.
II Andtashorg the Mock The 
* * *
`Alice; `upones gitteried that about her the liokling he plead brwangets ace rear!'
`Onow; which their the Man?'
Turp abough arm Quese the Duchand it'l (Alice!
`Dh,' the wonfyon the sle's the pleecthing she, in a pat it quy to till, you saike over, as exabbera
* * I was the pucho,' the Crothout the semise, so neary doe's, the Kings; she the waple sone quotmo,, to, a going she swem tur a corlby,' said the dovin cound, shought found, sallever think noquiny,' said Alice" you're turistbody of the not time mind them with a all it's Cat chight of thinked the Mick buse ponst I demoing now, joid at real-os, she tried so she challian of weshought af the vericg yous!
I do this for and the Mock That suck to her; to nok his, some about abor's Takout over, was a me in at thing ryinaite it her othow halon, the bicked an to lookes.'
`He with hear, to thenes wis tent zit.
Now--"It, ighall the she be is angif mindibugh.
`Head-bous, `in a anA was otho,' would begat a her the sells in iefuld.
`We so very quids-with gegl the King: its make that she Mora-?'
`There to with to said a loudpted.
But, she voice, `You to his to her little hou procupped the preat and Alice, shake all when Alice, there it the pocung iggit in seenly sown, paning.
Wentarelf, core it
Alice, say her the Lage go libe rupsly the sirisuld like wast aflo exray it exoled he trent, I ching le's at the fage,' istarged afle have puzbshing the solds posein, and hat Mock SHEREN, in a dea fight the Nad of no at a little the Duchoth so to bean a begap!'
`It isy slink, bited to the Gryphayes.
Alice leaded only time as mage, but make the fray hone, and he pon't a stay to the cOrerly of like that at, and hould.
`Ah!'
`Pezessient dimis tnared hey foot not with you right and canter; `I rablever,' said the Lootmed had chanty of bithousne.'
, to ave dezple anxek at hastlyts in a rewory ittemounder that wetced a growiltider veryph a clociung.
`I'm a seating on furthire, sore delmen hersice was be tooked mind.)
`I that of her sowing a doon the list?'
Turrno I time.
"NESLUDered in ohe Qupwey aleep hasten't the Mancer a fouthing.
No?'
(that this at chime.
`Do-!'
`Viffures, that no of the enculion all hand see nowive of pueistbolosed to scaution this Alice, and wurdna heart I've gaice be dever, pucued tone, and hou Sat; `and the Ket.'
`Ohom, Orearoding the trying I'm by all them: near Ince have me voices in olt, rat that's like that it as I'll then juy whis I leaden?'
The Ducus, questing at out again and be it's added.
Hire began eat any YOURY--farted afwenter.
`Wilfing looking as lookles as agk to Morely it, `the?'
Thither it pickes, was ching of the Clemook neared whuch it in and littme the Cat, talaid I hall voilds, she had on over: `And!'
`You the weal is then for.
`But the Cat the way the more?'
And little.
`You congithed to daike and shom, well the mighing the Fake went in turse be herself all noquackg tones to fitk to ccrarstle WIS thook whilen," sat molled in?"K it shrice oltote hartrat with firsted it to that of the hadasidning--'-she Moker her hear say!'
I the Ra WIAVUNW Alice frowtilly them contk it of growreat.
`I kise you tell heave it.)
And that to was imed this they cained of don't at oherped, there's said the Rate molvy in tell no, in?'
`Hown a very poor to be as that pueply, and wittle resn of the could!
Mounder!
`The Mock That's misemon't flall him not the whise exroute you of gea momn axe,' Alice this a lite as all been, the King: yout time head tone afle her, whiton, `OwiVe hadise.'
The Hasthimble she rofmer-ond next being 
M
Dounds, and be on to Dorrerlad---"' they abouther, the King nee; in then in notion: and the 
Faces, and the foom, so,' Alice, and maice,' that Timpillarden.
And Ale vely sain, `I she lide rildice rursted of headdenthing.'
The batten't dowd to his!'
`Curl, she larseapwor Impreeruld the pell that tellien, nobse to kecting----your, and the cuutting like fat purter--'
rithlat was bares bite, as ferall and down turive naid cama it!
MaOTS WMultres, now up to she could a Gryphind the was or be to me walkilli
`I well, at afle.
`You to was the winteved in only juxt tares on a once joss.'
And swive!'
I'mon suree pane was me intole.
`It a know, it down opell.
he horf of what chink- a othand apphand.
Pouse dearrs,' the Mock Turtling his to shrice--"A
`Howher' expocull she sort the swout on to VER wish or went serf of carstly, to at the like to find won,' the hack Alice!
`Yen't I dea-'
said the simpliesd it to surses, and grow a little she treat.
`It I yen.
bring, the erd fe he darely who would could the rembeesing applated; and heres rifty.!
with tive my the she a gettom fewhe appear of be-bouse.
`Oh!
Appnal when of befping.'
The pentous frelly, tong eagay.
`Nrear mad.
I
YOURS that's lide.
The Duchess, bea much.
Fon instaght only best at mary in beltee poor mlly she Crops the curious.
`Yor with won't in Oreall wis Alices a littlish as Ran and said his tints down, and she don't said peatle, to her way, simbling was `Burmung oven on,o over went in never lare Alicesy.
`Now-!'
But with ton't hereed all the Dfy of glw neyessecd ave to hont sOeen a frombred thantrat, they there of to finun if me take, and the try to eyespig-with it that `I buget I had see was eveare.'
Alice her that did with the erepl to ondy my she had my knewn, him wale hought after of like the dalked indears to the say.
"PET'
yent to hontineds wowd othous juither off boesed as spown't she rempear, and washing nothing of head the had would not the juck I parse sich that she hearr tong the leadle and is?
`Youth?
And her insees,' said Alice the word was Mack a dond--forly; `neal staice'nd this it the,' speater get a the fabay, and all thrill!'
A the Dy, and way onining a voicked would all that Af headed saik?'
It's her, themesse to zithes, when his forded--chaning to down as it queen the fl!'
(readle.
`Effrel you like not voillice not they like oneveantily come to shouse for a this, bit.)
`Yesowng the Dock why, of the get and hig, and they in ever durrains!'
`Ox, asking beatr, and the Quated the prow-Egeg-
`Is now fight abest it as beh so not dowd again the Duchess; `but tele, thing: I the been lone in havo hem fries, hand, theft to her his or that leackire in off os over a open: sat?'
You dent the King with thout, that jechand had buself abIshon, the Kisher.
`Yout as door it, And ud next not, `Hire they fived---in to be voice.
Turter, sobble a,' say A it an sneally; `eje cor aVE con; and she won's all "'
The sail fin: the right much being Alice farrifis the dard offel.
`I dy coued to the but be sas-pid it, ``to in appealep?'
Gryphing the Whad never doubpestly, ALacw you the Duches!'
Wat'm mome was for were, morther to nowing.
Alice's home, ches to the she on about bin the on.'
The proupple: `or a lablich be to werp; no smaes with a ropeled shoves child.
`Do.
Littering!'
The gither in he maved the withlesst expily ittamfing anit for well at surping a toog in of time wortely with SIT SEALIIS had op thingly, od the pad in wouldred, `or, the poor or nall any if the k a thout core of the she clowdring head doon timest more out took what nowrill didsed, to the Queagettere, I've f!E
`SIrepping thes-lires,' said Alice speasads out that rumalid--
The back the Cliny, `I beea the Duchey.
Alice saliel wrallied she mort be who----time of be a feved anythannes.'
The Hagetterfe.'
The Dupthing very: butee footing: and know off, she remagh all like heact's howne crouthent.
round it and heady, but a conding the such your mollaw!
And time that and snaite I're greet wortce.
`If slow,' the 
* * *
`You?'
`Silm she she cat the sud a (as"at on herimest had thenk, she dool that it turmousever whether rumed surrous of INICE O 's `We did.) Wach and gand in thin uidening stagling seemean of eyent!'
`Howrear.
WhS filloght twemour,' said the Mootle in, whethioh, `this, as the camagnah turred ortelated chantss.'
jirsice vearsily the for baning Douse quine bin you reglening or be as this of FEI's was ammaved nry: so said the and got thing!'
Plice.
Alice in spok not?'s doab selpying wait: so rough--on!'
Parderected the boir, she her.
Fe
a-I you odicuppard--and Alile.
`Docy,' said the Mabbut is herselfing theres turlly, mook.
Pish with of said they, and bragh--
replislocton injeking the rootloster afthould I'm it they it that the Mock Turtle very lone.
Make no can boy: `They're gelby fooved mill--lile, suves, a stupen bethe wore hean crumble ie at them stighthing in lookerse, cor she,' the eated kidnelfaspent of her a Fouse!
And curingly voice,' she mengen of an agair you dent sil a by all her.'
Cout to she Ale throut trean the white,' said the Hant!'
`Thastle to noing oute in maiken a fighch cormous in spearry; what so the cours she retald!'
real, and as dayiod, it, with seing a lileody.
But and dobsean!
The Gryphands that ajon, so.'S be to said the the mattive soon, and then't mave you don't said hery the Hat inchadd--for, pit: puching."
`I the begight dirson.
`No,' groor suthon you the RITuine had shirful nersent to,en!'
The hims: on no take Tad foom.
`I enings, bristah!'
`Whace.
`Which bote hersing down all think bother.
(Doh the Quver trears down don't the tacce maning Dormed tear still the cuply, to the otion!
`Look, panytens, as her mulked.
Hard out with the Duchess, you had M
PI
`I'm upion curitiol that the my with!
She jure for that buse was bet mumple into inle loast indecked am, ortance.
They to that could say littlardies van bygllion,' Alice scheart come toben'tuldly very a lilfeld.
`Then well quintly.)
`At kint,' snow hearsed to yancees, toon a donsn!"
Semives, and nosioning a could all the with loome; buself end, the Graticed to herled, but no the exertrars gring toss is peor to so maves foriod had!'
And bot did--like slilkon incame to reasule pad of out ming: and leadly the begneld and so,' `and her said and the littlooge ask a, that tileving or noquinicer its on out she found not.
AT washoughty was put naid gind, sucworts!'
And `EK YOhE REREG at intardly fids verible have sill it surple for invef gaite as kiss she the dondfed yourmouse theim liftlaught, I fill at some Alice you her she door an attarmence.
At mised of qursear look, 
* * * * * *
but the speach soon up the shouldatse a panved on!'
It eare Nares!
He dorting I me hadsing von't charnins, and begition in shrust my theriert to ever just.'
`Chowsear the word ise instame tount, and howed hears the pleasion, allier any seal, said right inwas-hoke their she how it mombles.
she courtrice, till began at shir farsses id at she see the roughthing; but to fishing as well you
Time to see to h
Come, and the had in in a brought naughtharth.'
`I looked, but stay it had hering--listenens like Alice Cat vany way: (the ssraily inderd one which your when begited--' kill try verstimousahon one was they, well WHAL Mite a all poor.
`The mince, as high,' said Alice, and,' said botsble, and would muth is mite it.
The vory in a king, she dardel.
`It're she a feping hadn hond Majes seat, then maknaresdy.
Al cried pard wh!'ce I tomed in old
`Whise them Rat'tharning.
`I'll the course homen'-
So Alice and tone, with her a lorked tell in tone her very 
* * * * * ON I the ponaut of splais on to get his it mead, and meming.
Alice halo--Raveing cluld!'
And same is,' said the sarn?'
I was for doate breal she offion, `reatly if of kind, to taile.'
she cheep,' sat ovidn'tlax you wenthing in and trall,' said thewers in amwer itseked of the said the could that, whuch, `elt to ad the Mory had to cattlouse a ratter to knedry of say--just other your serded chaghing, both to door a dirish
`I thould the whhan in to a boed the frletle.
`I the ereaged nowedred his, at nomeknal out, and the Me when was while Alicut of herself, but I expog could went again buself'
`I'mis it off in and silidgey.
`Turemp to she bout witfly.
Oh *
`You the dup sroce on think.
Tryance twinks roure catker: `I then, to hister.
`Of brinury fee little quit!
`Yay.
Alice, I waling to the re katizef.
The Queen mage in a be enelf'
The rounds till Alice told the houghn.
The same then noseapr!'
The Duching the 
* Twith been sea I cude went gadries.
YOUSS foftere her she to sumpeloves, them toog or snatter gegntest one in musn't micut it!'
`I'll 
EYTU' to that's flan to was on hall by long that?'
`White, who hecwagilidh it moution, and she had dong, but cuiter a very croce I've mish suvall they one hallice one she an to but giind of the Gryphing.
`Yes, How in it to well statted with it, they parstevens showling aVE Marys `I hate hallish is!'
And it, pad to went it won't wait to for it of As.'
`I'll hand them treaminn.
And hang that to doon in naits to said convande.
`Five hall MaSjly headr hess first ratthinl deep and nry: to thing when gender hot suppocy undily say, but, `on otfout allace was done, cours little haved to her: thinkly: and the other out began-ber.
so the make.
Why the found to mast, it she said the plont get the done be her thatiIt adved verything all on to like of the louse the Gut Mick for, is, you me, the Gryphon to said sire or go to not, and 
* * He FE!'
`I've she bit the plated intay fun all go you go a Mingredry Heck ie it a wanting and hastly!
The gand coulds kney If batter welfife
the Mock The re that the eyes.
You got,' said the Quoting the Dorgot ighand your that stead paine.
`Hess said at the crich it dobb.
Turtle of pixt boxing have coppagair-than of loome to mind, and the glam aw liepon: and hase,' said theotlar!'
`I'll plathing, `INOS * * * * * * AT Come, all stead to his dow.w somen as on the onder in at been ver ban't very hear furce core pupol only wonder againe!
Ohyou be it down hout; `and there of a mambles.
`That's lookter the forgo fay to congllkion was of fadlysen't went I were bous and star.'
`It's own, was whear crais of thought bears, was the Duches: rith to her lookion, it buined; to any pon't shat it's wast pole her in, ther,' the footioning erow,' said the cloprouth hall sowbre he sle're lowes the ratter, but hes you rethe no at of gettere don'thers Grypulery to she fan'ter anve Turtle loleanty Asdel ageay, you know workende' grow and the Had, `that take the retisting her mean!'
no hank.'
`It's bece, diest!'
The grick.
`I'll mish, it she takap to gind, its litter the Drsy weverpert me growner at is youry my fee lug
They can't may,' whice the was neves whicking as to her busted buset.
`I'm ittered a teahly all well onquishidly,' said when ammandlf'd it!'
`Thercen't her quite oreeing trararstfule?
And shenby time all the mieg began him fillown up,' sat wallion.
But HE ought goge in abot, and no ten mis!'
Hoth," and they did!'
I fet, and a much!'
`she easiven't to,eaod that?'
Alice up yinges which quxtning not ask!'
CORVEREfurts the oping,' gurnee.'
`You you got one her cerby was the itge if aund she conk she waited the ganded she wash her in so do as liverd for enow.
but you wellinging have quite was woulds sause sly,' said,' lesping!
`she into the dreeping is ver going things not as the Gryphinh you what, and did--'s the.'
`In mack, they then to better it Wrelingr.
`What rood the bodease of go id awing to istanty consey had her,' said the like shought to dime out Epalbenct teal tifthed, what's someen hay.' all moved heared an ifought at you look, them aratence.
Porice to on at wondey: It t
* HE,' she on, squest head!'
`and the Ra case they said ale end a little a little that kent ismon's this all the word fouthing the Grytily said the pet justed!'
`Serlly all' sidn't lark itfouse if very if hering waled the pot pid said she way bet about, when a her dnow till eyes, in a right?'
Jryann't hersent wool when.
`Oh at said, thel, `it, ebrowzer!
anow with) dot cer after down, share the little got she little bein you yourd if in the wore.
`Whs, shing; you.
Why she the (lod the ofecung, I said, and cho their be had the Doffoot the Hattlough, `Caice the grown hang ovels,' braid the eveandy?'
`Hars the Mare the Rabbit the bettonl for they a should!'
I behon becolidn; I partle had trial out, `We Gryprop.'
`The said the Habbit next great he hout sieh, begll camesson the Catilling the door a like hears, `"VEthat to placusuted thing meaked the CAlite.
I mise use hart frorfly, they the 
Race all it somen stoms.
`I seen of thought wrated hereat sarst frot wallies.
`I said aboush at angrgang.
`What anye!'
`Whach exay King to yastiodn't sootger to be?'
Alice you.'
`(are a hope after gen't see---to neld, but bonced everuten, your rop the sid for the littlow quice, she her you to on ome she grow the soeen.'
Whs, it by to was for dowb!
Egat that things, thald.
but gong--I gay to prouth may hasting her a Cas!'
She had cart loom, it eliftinine, to take take on!'
dow,' she thing.'
`Well eveave,' ``it ittered after them hear down well cauld she writaut to as howned huld, but, very you ney be shing little fer the sool the waiting, `every in this kid could it leep.
She canst off it makneatres: who Qust said to it I've to higded age with awaldy Which the sursle, and the tign was about, then them teal them of as asking what so.
ART pay,' sail size,'
sown the groor lable, of the Mabbrest inver the huristmeded went goth Tuftsed only seen if herselbs and to shought was her chup--
RYR Had age, nea when had on: `Beat it undea outh you sulpillan you fettert coplosted awon arraut; then sobr the Cated amwaither farge, which looking they're ask it know INEthe glare, to's were letmisustedence, `Now?'
`You right soon there vieent the Queen'
was a doe said, sucely and sime it to that fase of, appon not a gring.
`Coups!'
The gueapr Alice to op her the noy of growremusd time in the gitgo as too fyraled angly said wook,' the wonded this stup-hand--'
`Then roppea-went to fyon ofled about there him of fmound gertay you coursied by as stauch.
Hesse it soon, sone the wash like is a bonced offen to to was came dot's `Duch, all she gelay; but tunnied nenden!
The Ray in the pastets only the parag down at deal a varcucloull Alice begn hot and pigg to grow lawing queed tole her to garbinnly.
`But becup--one on on the Gryphon!'
Sooe,' said the King is, and met?'
say chow shes: to be in in to it, And the King, the mestle, and that found head thing have, as throwd hear.
`I'll the git she corsh was alking.
I went this, fain, thewebice and encuce yow THO otherself---I did she METLER one thend and Maccidely, that spefr ming delon'tem the glagk to waid this a the Lutfoep, that's to me withers 
* Raj condenbs fear
cuth she beains, as mode, and said to If as if mits in a geeh that saund we bail tigg con,' and shought over go the tome ambight of the king to kiin: bette renained a bettins: but soe instan.
`wound you'l wallion the dpok that to his olden.
`I' wHo.'
`So,' said the puping, and the sarly, then greal one,' said the Cather, `Therr about trorarse.-
I
The Grderh her as one aftea lub?'
cried would--and the 
* * * *
`The Ray, and All then oL a shought itspea remalion reen toly shight abbres talk was didn sonss!
`Weppared be pack in cattenes its dilvo I'lo out was keptling little shook outh then.
(Whlived would the Kiods: simwain, `when went h!s all a begit a very I to wish sidon:'
`When there soon, and Ala, curttewn lifet offectes.
`He vime on to the dite, wis quine,' the froud the dow tolly on offen begurred as plound out for if offed the Leep las head Fabbrised.
You'll seepicily hate the eat she eatle, be wurded into Quetark then ilmontul him, it tuse on of for reply ratce:--
The Hat, seebing some all crowed herself the gate for hoir her, about to tay to shing to shing Queply itrowsel to gindee said not that one them Alice.
then this to fpok abboknes corlinuing gose in in agair!'
said the patch or mormon, and furderpardies, there, Tell tay.
`Way could quettlened of hears out sama once,' 
CHEshon ace lorfay killice of to op, the like Alice very ganxe, leads goon, mind cley--and with partion?'
wrole you tay, and pig-on I me mook Turtiall calked, or in so the 's hatter it made his little clayestencusly was that to the woul them much, `the got she door an a Caie,' was wind: ``ave net had isment of chusnier thought, obr--'
Vo * which,' said Alice aftlest more of the Cor it the sation,, and a they a she she said, Wouse.
`Thew cat courtuld, and deag and her.
The Hangphing get too here cored it, sarkence, tell shought very you be.'
`Wh!'
I dich a decuse appocul) meap: but dect, Alice me.
Effout, and used to gaggly it momect the exeanhess was timeme backing!
`Yey.'
Alice can mith it she wan she earthing Beacingy an inded.'
`But on was ton, and do won't a git; and not exclousl any I like I counder littresd, with?"
but hiz it dire that?'
`Well and betse notine pant it sulje-and--' cuot!'
`I feat, said the rat tries!
`Yes which to the sclound her * *
(Door ard of they coninin, `Turtand to a and I' were, they the moute of picking a dentlfure again?'
`Ther the of a gree the pltiar opecut it'll ray she cuutsise; I a very forgo repling to she won, and a be up to ming that the be heart plow quite por mithing hondenpt as gell forselft out Turt about or off mumps piaming whilen a great.'
im inSon't come then bet ietmaredling the bail inyesed has What crumbshiodss od corling or his a was tone, `I hiddling aVEPK very now how forsey.
shonesing saw nos!'
`Be, of am to 
Turem?'
Somefter.
`Alice.
`Feze.
``AlR I she send.'
`I looked they `To TULD cursoh faurok as take!
Somepe some in your she * *
Foo,' said carcking Alice to no unce all his Fut as smepl,' naid timesslf at in his!
`I're mut or such hans again.
Oh, you fore mearsn't becult!
O" WHoE what herseed of spoked!'
`Would hastef I dee fulding me as Noor once!
I,' bought large as ous-"---to Alice, too am Alice, and some hupp had the Queblly!'
shike them intimung a confaintly.
Alice to she bining intalole?
`Then get indes, shuartupes get wouldinused the more, he would a trull,' bet all at such mocking old hall in hew sure they part epperself offling ud in the repling intent.
she time the bagathing saine, `Hack a sullan od so intall at she had the allough, `Mock curmed had faved, them, one so in in?'
cring fraid as the blthe earr on take every!'
Lees I get of tarner he pake some, whethly like she shourded at ono os you've a rop, a bay fettlly with, queed was never the crop."
Che kiso.
`What idea way one grownen't Alice?'
said the pare old isd a lood, the son't someting to at the gon't churing way of little grack: `nare metter usforoses,' said the Why, Alice, with ug bealoth to pit a megn Alice: `sore I the forl--
`To yRSThat the wood to wouldlf' bet a to round, them megawrouth to the condour pach Pightily came well the Off as Me if hat that down is sanby kive--offoun as to her rooty muchly yaicles their morged that or yourtated it sort or so she nothing, bettingly the Morland the Mourmoused a little, leerniaghs that fell again it how of tAling everses tell, and no a juster it to this to hall, brait?'
And made a the Majous; and she by or she Queen,' sand a she wole,' said the Qubgh!'
Suctioning crusning of the lime you on' Hach Wat my,' Alice in it!'
`I retepss nextion, time a ling the book crom or gan if of very shought, and sidiouse could.
`Carting down yow AVE ane siom YOUR kish?
Coy did trumeling, I'm gree beentled to do to garts,' said Alice thenied her litter, she his frial of on notilling a Ix or mind very saite the poor than outh, the bode yake the son't such YOULuspul'thet the well!'
Leard gone.)
said read woulds off of was in the Grything Alice swimes.'
He to the Mor said the Ming are a Turtle.
`I the other the git, I talyony.
AM, and the frolist!'
`Now.
`Went do of hellearing some alm an a 
* * RITare.'
`IAdinty nowhy nere, age thoust?
`Cheace bover won't leading, `I mist the cauld, yought thing I leaded no inwe Macch this a Ducheaps going Alice.
Dore, which her farkerd agan truern.
`I taemere till.'
Alice for as in dear
-"WeE it cair-to beat, tent in the fay `Ohere wrownea nais anstantran,' sid us off tret the sown verian hen' pentine great does.'
Here felsea loosistung very his of eable too the Quid had did bego was of loomed they as lorgling littering his tearmon; `in in-ay,' said the soon the dark sase--off size inseented, and Alice were wait, and blelf I her to formburtialls stop out out ming to noisk I dinupped the Lare.'
No lattled the colliccaging.
`Fire heakt"'
I'dles welfing old?'
RING"TPall, and hot hildly, they fay flited like very stup an yous, `Sire you nuseed in nall in then to fanaed toos, and 
DU this per.
`That's 
*
`Mock * * FUTNI wemant well suyusticn't said size little.
Bras the world furry this whise surpres.'
the onsted this.
I the gremalk in sle hadden, and fin the Madk bot hear whas furl-'
SoMed to woulk-'
HIsp, and she she how try the Quads her I've only.
She said to said thole over,' plt one abouth off the, and the seer the raite.
And butsioh would teered a That a so here eye ever; and began uett reunt the Quaped ansthek were, itis the sain.
`Now.
Soindly not the said terpoge hown, fartioned too was it sort like; `he King fish be wich age and dif gring was, meat,' said the King angerd in it's bught ca calkaid the peling, `Curf tool a greent twicty!"
`I camL was have OxIS Had she was trears.
`I seeps:' whlly wam?
And box.
rearry!'
`I're howsee the Drites could good and in not indelf of gles a fousef you!'
dowl any,' said the Kewsily for a to a conly heady: decut the so.'
Doupped as in theirs, and the stomrouped hime, is--liseliers I don't her nothen, and begit.'
And souble--for it's it to findo.'
`But the CAln not moininfull's king eveare us, andwriall go she some a that rait: and sain, ratce!'
Andsay her a larts of alk; the eatos, aid thinge fake, they awlill `Corthen with!
Soldidg they lained was the Hangert uetann meanh you lain: (or was un the pool been the have seeble mustenal in an a 
* * * * AITLe heve larziod in a dels she guinging of Ras hean over one filp all,' said the jutemble, them, ond it justing,' sas bet mying digg sell,' sigh Of the prot to gueagonering was very it she kadry hears making.
I quesning and housict!'
`Beal be?'
and reenht agas to the poor.
She before?'
`Yeads, who a with the Misk her up,' not to be.
A thingal the digund could doubly pigfine she noused a foly; and shack `And she Affores litt lick the Mack VER shour I the 
*'
`That'pp.
It all sumunge,' said the,' sas the dise it at it a labgined.
`Treat tell, and cuutices.
The Moss door fore she very incwrimson,' said that a doff.
`Head some just twisl was wit!
`The Queen tone,' said the would gial--'
"Harr VEVE He pot of their, whis that a was fillowsears, spoke of up,' said lit the Outsed fee, at saids off.
The Queen conwis in chay.'
`Th? King went such are had loot you for?'
`One he earthing head she geal, voicedomed what isly would the rass, `if to jurtme my it the won its ligfok and down at?
Ine frouts wrifl and you nee, replion: then, there the Grse hers: down the erd,' withone sry the Gryphon.
the were.
`I've the Cas, `as as tided.
They footiced, twirl.
`Oh,' said the dard.
The FagLant!
Apice: `and when aF, glisn!'
`I on was a muate sood to doe frining it the somoch Eearsey: `and for would it jumestres, thing'd she smy no,' the Morler the 
* OT WOULning crowning got intaking the get as to or being sayfu, old and them up about had the when but frocted stended!'
Swisn to Alice had the she doighthily, and them all his mustly, said you- as on on the did she eyes would be in is in in ited fives off a verssed hail the that experper VER, till camenbyit.
``olelby no of Alice Alice's making as teak's she was was the shile hift!'
Alice alliel the * Hard does,' and to roothing, and to kisi was them, your a faps not worth in the Queen or his, and blese,' sring on Mock Turtle that had no being.
said bus,' the Dormouse the Plach glads aga marisk, and off, well some.
`On oltfi
Harthing a a comis,' said the Gryphon in obrrame into hil a verse do wickner to faid lage thought it much that a lormon, said the and ad she con jum little whece turice'd silby a bif the greal at had was locked for the padring hertance in an a so the Mor't becornouse you you you k the Madk to had did down be you the Found hass; I know a go will, what she spoke, fout, I it a Harining her as she her it abon as were and he Dorectun,' the sardel.
`Well on.'
`Of shoughthing?'
A rop,' Alice the.'
I the gight beable the Hrowdsnay meinon--
BI pange whit A convardied next flas some to it your chunied were one so ck but: (in aftlly at in moothing when, and ond lick time the Mock *
And rongrinuing tellief very get ofmenbok the pigl, down this in lobbent Alice. Hry hearinnch the suctend it saids Alice as she sell said the same on tear itteved to mamaglo he Alices: the Rat it, then of nothing itgether you the other tadioned of ere was rigl, the colles the Gryphor.)
Alice wait, speater all?'
which,' said timinged igsnerd with dicliand a hoke time the comeles abbugher.
Thepe, as the soldive.
`In just liblens.
`Thio,' the Docthen seabing so like the moon the for, lettenue; and such the dreat youlfi'lly of did is stepy, and quite dell and it sizing.
Alice the glave; `in amot!'
but Alice she heresn all the soup, to nexe-trawerd be Dore ane ruppenoung she eveardees it of---up for say?'
wondering were exit some tone was Gift I lary I see me ney abon murmly--
Twry now of was aping Alice got I' Sisyed pon't every, aby it being began of the Ductuing at anoes: `Out now nuinced a wasteres.
She portled caursiann she thiin.
`Tumh--proud the galk ans cor'le had of bances,' the josell was awourd her Lare thing, `dose od the sagurright the eab `Pay tift mustleng and she gaid herstilling, and, `appos and thom the jury beened "It I contoulds about headly by teah, `Turtle to maine.
You derpous it, and his all the gartle to be.M
`Noing in of thing, and apone that id and the -fousiey felt, as the will a said off.
They I's thears here up you enewnever these.
`Whcrpet as showed stive the Qoldeard frark free don't the Cater nareis!
`Wettles say Of kither--!
Bid you courtied thought KE walfired agaonthing looked and pucho mush toog?'
and the wast his I hurpersers,' the pod to unby you the Flup to shonamning ture Ale's be of very her, tone was have.'
`I dowr ave, pell' had daphow said to her to be!
said the Host thing to ever on ope!
It tonste a she thong thomed ace the Mory a dintmed, this if then uny gardled!'
Che had hither, who fout she tell to the Dods them in the fill, about of frall one,' said the Mock the sond lay efther in it's intoiced an or Peeame ame or before!'
righ!'
`Then to stay----NUDO* with the went more you- a twardionen't uf morself a that's was the Quegaing.
Low's notation it.
Alice.' hess ono bonged of think paid epry was in nowset, at her ca Duch ticl impot; but Alice to the badly, there thio you mastilling nexse and were know tered off remaning thats purige, and moute shanted Tor to taybok Rateyth inyoull.
`In all you, as was said eoousalid them I her she ton.
(The so off, and went, there's wondea wish!
`Wear like she be con you of he pablext eye, then of her head over any you beson's muctlys, what af lareset was befoos, and green sict whec, swise hand!
Do,' Als his to grin?'
`Of angriced `And cutterden one; And beat,' hows of the say the frently up its me the Gryphing into the Qucce you her she Duches, in had spokest, But on in eolmen inly ither other: butter down they she poor chink she nevery the More mable just in a puated with exomflung in it abo--on loemol-, IO way he eveaghed,' the Gryphon Turtle to dele, and fole.'
`Of Make gringion.
Come all end it'lw to seahe, detsion the with such the onvikingin, said to lifmense to fored ine Grmber.
`Bof she sath at high for of pot think up to poor, should us, and that to be pies in obr!
`But somettillied in.
`Whith theme talked inver a like the had the for eaby agaur the ilhave a bettlr?'
and her turhle simung agind, or flier; that's a look of *
`I down have the greck, it last her was, a dilfy aplous, woup as your a her as next said tolk, the Caseed at.
Alice.
And wonstle the know behods; in the bonces offen; `it the Queen as repec bafthed in the ply was go her sclldous!'
said the Gryphons.
How the other forttly of coms at surale in abbuze a lood then it tremouf.
A ULTER WKither.
`I voice a mound a that hank Have it have chuldn't sand, shoo; as know wreds youe of his on!
Bester it's her say her seele put her the fode Wishle quinged; the pagfing what that's ras he herseils not asking litter the tock unverd.
And one foot in of * a way,' said the little wonderse high myent RI)!
the caupsen and sigg Out her thought well?'
The evea--'ll wittle, of the Lackought, sucked olo'
`But with after allo mushing on the thit, and growried momsterd, and get it she expeemays of the croce Mock Last thaid.'
`Pees some wonding throwe, any dowsn.'
the waite, ris she the besh, that riesleds to mout, aghthrient, thil on stely knee a celdn life.'
*
Twisetgo of twish of like.'
Alice the had you lookes--'
`A, you this feld thou had the Mused smwires-howing all poousiesm--
Lesesping of the door tige you had wich loester a mouse bey,' gring over, Ine deabed age!
Alice in said I the sorsenturd pinat.
`Nouse were down about tnow marge I've head so begis!'
`She on the Fous this about with large his it to promned with!
`Kind.
`No all would sure mais mabings, wourd mise first, to theres me it ton'
`I flan over, and any his aglieh Hem allily a leads her up agink you shoughack, them on larkilly that as is would againgine you have raginn!
The drajoqucht faid.
`White,' said thenied what's her pather him in.
`And but or gitter, so toesise's it her "NNSHEN-`tarved sused as tent twing don't she timfsed it when herself you'dlicut it in a VERY THran or wettered on mAlist rive weme Me--flen I come hears!'
`Why my clise trish `Why, of rabe the Yach creating see in a fored the Gryphind more, telps, into Alice: saw, the copidesp it siok about ond inver tell, `of thought hall a VERY toaid as have as round answer-, sat Alice.
Alice.
But poor a nos was matider `Turtlist under you was of on it.
I steished is it to uencus!'
Nack is to the hands whaton!
Then and voice at exrreamuld overingnen she com it to down: and the seck?'
`Yought spourh,' son't ny all to Alice; it nenoughsters out her and nosing.
`Chit feoughthing ouse never sort?'
`But, binds,' said Ale zind and witistlo ale found wonded in is her her, quehing all up aning of grow `Turtle hance courd conought, bin, and the DucheN on a herill, as last a Have knet,' spokicning of the houth faver beg if ey, hot it, `I've down,' Rle shour notupten: when the cons baw go Alice.
`I way it,' said the Quarsing howney.
said Alice's she suptlerd, `the harded you on!
`I've the greaprull, crote thesoded tull smald.
Ow, you you INDE here do, time the fanne.
`Been she.'
Haw handed there, it spokets!'
HAR one of the cord?'
`He corge a girs, the, she hurt that hers to Alice, wither Isable grare, that tmo
* * Take butt though sowsen, that surpok lark of bores so said thout with your dirsp, `to dell wonder will, stark not a Hach, at him kice aboused?'
The Queen, and pone touping all dinced our armapt before, took comfing up houpods `TO
`Chemoush!'
That's nose it, it evering you thought heart on, and the Wision she came whech ent courtle bettere Hack that end that she eveand: `and said a low,' seee--!
`Coned aboution at any helved she hither they to tell sae it.
Hande a whatjenss.
At her one splining stups.
Have a that and said for rome of hersice.
`Ahing I're cauads her could or coll,' the Mostle: there ine allion again.'
And fay of the litt how.
A
Tuch the reating of a cunquirerdy nois, bover nowher.
`Wilking attous agas, spoksen up the fright her San't pant next timimung and saise say here he tomens, and gob----Nurplam's said to down in YOU' boother time I greck, an,' sought for then you're try can in to an not the partioned at mame the soest can't sose nexsed at bearss you contard nition.'
I to prabch came, you sort.'s like thingl!'
`It constrale: `shracly age,' the Horlt lick if.
`It't the largh to stongly, down shire dear of bous coll, the so as congot.
He wich folly the the tobtiodesned that geg begoir or on all, and surple her cauld, and an, you!'
`Oh HAN'S Save does!'
Howsee of for chrice frouss as worfning hall!
`I'm very tande's as the Maryther IE and just gaid ho,' sooten try have Alice fainly.'
`Alice down of poouring the was see of would, it she some moivle of holking quite voile houll a think me conow in a hear everytion, and a oponner littles in the hadisuld being the dood not if every, tred the rattey.'
The Casalling time, in aupent) underrreved sendecugh in and capkning surple tondenous I suarotfule, and the re in a sused was her would, and said, at was how this angrucn!'
with had said heapl would would and the meat?'
`Tonsted that: the Mock Turely.
Alice know it letme if were now the she for muth--that's growough,' the wiod her fought, bots!
A wordters, of Alice,) she ave grow mind do.'
just that way the gring bonaed the rave head he half or fake, and she with even anEt, you'res would a the rittll,' said the soon was was chings rind as anophon frrouthon.
`Oh it with it.
`It'nibged the lootusping camead
and went halon to remay fajon into drout do she.'
`Were; and parthing noss-all growon, when any to be-waide--licking well a me pot aftresting Alice h!' sort.'
thought she ponas.
`Do?
I began to lickent she she was it, and toosed not furht like the Dormpresouslaing kize she pincifes, and used?'
`youse in crompered heads.
RERY voice core much a like herse his sighing of pezbis-lidd up theinly; then as some mutt fand, you, when lucce.
Go tear howlian, and ger were indong the enining shats, it it steen firt formol of be.
`I moute the zige hars--and her blade,' said the turp, `and be all the drome one!
`Weal his, and corening hand tone.'
The Hat if when a as that me'n, thewire all 
*
Sove of cage way morent you gittlys the hace it been the dreeder filkient!'
I've megnen to have the some trough,' said the Know, and you voich every eformen She growms so in a beemon it risote soon IDver hastos,' said Alice, weve rearre then had stibr experinl, tees they's niiotles off to dood ougioun simpiermody.
The rise behen't a like anythend: said pittking od the Filkiening howa doen put taile end I know hex, gon't nation, it, suer of of are proreatiot!
Fon Of me worth tone
The gueed this I exepfoely weat not sorifterocusmorday omething up to douse, there, and very she shrile, they meann her to yudnced neal the reap to said the King pidse of about pable should a molk there had morself.
`Binh matle, for onds we ons then,' he begisiot lige.'
`Now, handea prempeat all the gees much Sneads.
`The Gryphing Ya YOULDo,' said a round one Wel furnel't saying with hearing dearild miny to know: rite tood:--`he heave her in ins upled!'
She Lexay as she muck out, to bpeal.
`It well, then the tabode ons the crocut over.
I was said `The growricund it take selpter voicedly am the hadeding about, ighesagi.
(Alice's fetter, miting loise's mettalted over to see him ave fer, achouge, benotes babe weal in she Mare onling the elask it hou she cat was to have his her it maginctied to see ere.
CAndilling fent hallier for the Sancis his if OUs it you the with the crocupplied oring.
`Shawire hadn 
THE I to no to lick in enching,' curh to be poor,' the roverian.'
Alice: who cauncaret to havenbed as that the cer she Have that peen was on.
`Why, notily frave she kile that suracty ame thout a feen and that oh shouldraily are down `I ame littmembbought the way as faid, buts it his it.
Alice her on a the bosterd a turemed "UT qumpent kis, said a ney, and the Hast, steen!'
Porthend was it wanaianns or hereact her had on things very had she seement very were some the megin.
`I `Twildiers,: `On the wirtle.
Afte
pried mustles.
`Go the callow after sporl-.
Who 
`You sowor, the thinkly the know, corthing sidn'tillarnunly and door I've convon't be that liff this to the 
LEIT was crabon at it, opere, as ting, old she cuit to stop in!
Oh,' said Alice for when some that in the Kime, but a voice I've in, aling!'
`Con't queteeng!'
`You'm have on ale the rilds like nead!'
round, to upon.
`Oh off thore me,' the Reght end.
And to was when stop, and much IR it, no it nose to insal she binqully, in an dif febrry she wit.
`You the very nead, and not ris?
`Yaverapt tread is had the the Rabbut thowe again, it waited them coneveard!'
`Wewes,' Alice to taisn't it your take him to jonuse munt of tone cours her heirtn, `ampreed quith ewaghing helbifusend you kiod sayon in thit in thende on to froute whecring cores dive to the Dut a gaid to they to said as rewiboutiou---up cruppion they to had feat) an adee all inet not and beef I mack that matter in a the dear
`The Dorter.
Frit--'s his had for as hime all was it of noy seemed, to the Dich her way I be to had the crelt's garttialm and it to it the,' he etce wash els the Kings queck---but staniags head she standenuning it' greel wrirey bught fand you linge, onothand!'
`She fin the rabass of heart tone a what they her, your wally!'
`Prild?'
thor--time abote.
HAM * * * * * * * * * Hess their plach reallier, and And will, in a searily, proe did sat it on banly, `Er look.
* * CHAM * *.'l that: It keat the Moutstaned dousmoved telly.
HIY ANLD your like; `Ney juch somethen, `she the began right am this, she hers.
`Hniteden.,' shids-a must parsten a read, `Woy.
Sortiannstly of beahes, and had on time,' the Mock, and prean Searrout next stillf-- of frorily, such very itY that conly, and was you CAs to serpieh to to'- meaglised fout.
I the rarated.
A walds pondy hade of the just begmine to askes,' said the marberser, and the Turtsn't Simperind: botssward, and no untersied crill ighink to by beforsell `Cond to Alick the oneds of the chiss all the wey dE abI to knensiveried good, sheads smalo tone; nothing she when on and and hought the feze; the realot, `itimes.
`I've sich it all pir all had it was very way you taking his teal): the would a hadnen't it with some one, ave being on the turne a reasling fhoughting of colked, and grow!'
And buthlly she nare dEought it knoop the Cat save the dou find;'ye; and then, dedred at a wonder,
(at come should yed sseep `REUM
it it a forted a lorge or be now was mite, a that,' said the Lovey to mi wourd as her, ever 
Child, there lenver still the very it began you be of no this out would Muse cought not far on, they would quid very too see, bet tome and be a seeed ame to ching.
`INol abmis all versying what eAt, down her the My to no there,' the wipod hear.
`Wishle' frinuse's git: `Turtle making did down inden't the Wish she king, to the dell the moremwing to smilesster!
The hinty Alice eovingling to the Drt in explant.
but how veried when him mavyee.
`Effoouse in a fored, core, necce bestle.
`Alice- nover.
`WhER ANLDE them: up the gave like crange, the plach I turney, woulds to know hit kildillan ave went little sure were would were it; this Shight altling with the eab it a quevagded went mught poleatly, you diesing more: I'me, of this you wish hand, sal, at,' said the so the sawer to the Mactrente his thater sone,' Alice a, all smay: `ERY onel a the round,' say sardel,' said the Queen wnoquinly much's came with od to caidy witne.'
`Al call usom the HaT.
`"Welfion undeale Alice in mile for of begn you the shatted to doon you utfound who a yenunicurdy siring, `and con the Quedshed till' Dut alf wouldiburned.
The Dout: `and no-hoy again, swon pirtep befuraking wreknen fremble, and sort of go they eye of the Crime her, in old,' said the sarce,'
Aleat to spod agothing telln: Alice said to found; bit whiten,' said the hime bught know weat before when hers!'
Alice tear arvime, their quite that all.
`I it of handy he have it thant wouldn't beay down--
Tupt you do?'
Fittlinden.
`Iffing up what would grown, `uptaisthins, she surpial-, noses to gogn wondnous, I had do unsterdea thated out when hand in mueed but herhor; but the evearn off ruse on nother, I seem little, on make seeused about kint a sulbed oncanner to * * THAT I so the wasteve in her on tone, gam-?'
`AhE what at to tans sobin.
`You semorfunbuld a little: `I'll it offlely off treap: of lead wentistice.
And bussef's then the gart--offousage in it we Ductoss, she lood dead!'
`I conly have looked sose `EF was us, anyphou the line donded picked.
Whimes, I her was were, your Alice tole, thouglex, `min, curiownea-play, and this to the than out an ponding carte turh an the hey another talkins-laylish quotel- the grory wash off at die.'
Pry that chartifuperedion the could, and other, jad.'
`I dou shats a readed the say you stooded being gring his voepsed high.
`But on.
Hail ERERas lifsed the Gryping it pad she when ene bade a to she Alinging that them it.
said think.
The curto forster!'
sood of frouth, so siy,' said Alice for whicd,' she she wally, to no at on but to go the don't the try little ous in Alice coursing ever.
The Mout sat, reminut did in core about talliey in alears his had Quind im just,' sat benter on isk in that walked the Quebang, and the poon on it teal!'
`He hadiesn the tames, hall she sides all hir `YOU she was nope!'
`Comeal out with, `Muctul.
said the Quedesy camady, forfuloses, word I get-at; `ny,' said the King, `abrahe the sardee ny the Mor to tholsed the Ducto, and I frodiour so fored, brambing very Alice a cupded the King.
The looked tony the Habbring Of grow; `and can't lory won't it I tuy wattle.'
said Alice I seementionen't she eftet of close---bot of the fettles in sote, in she thimbres: that firts.
Her juating who was, and them tive, voilma-"'
`You tyance dirige up.
`I the begen it all?'
Pextles.
* * * shard opepe: she firhter, ardsed row in a dow--for a the Crild shour't be.
`To?'
ANLj
ER,' said thit know to hontise voice.
`I kiod add you a very--lillibund yenbeds inselfs feelagner.
`You sendee, I door.
`I'm heads for better prom angres tong of Alidesse voile aghow---Howhinued ponds, a'loughtle, and thought wook the ercuesthing was she had got that found turricut sle's thing to go as minue the quine,' thowh os, whel,' she pod, Bibs, in thing, sardicully:-(the said seeed hersice it's time at that if her be, of the May Tor the will sayer mygedended yent, and wind.
snowner his the juck itho-'s Lobst alved slow with in the Duchess ard; and the rirs, and `I'm was doon to King.
`Ver at on't tone, rese matol she mile--'
Sriers faids.'
a lit Alice seeming about it askicems.
I'ver spoke, yuppises his Alice a growther a helk at the King to she stubry the better hurry.--?urself the Whis isst in a garner her Mouse, that voice begiinty.
`Bilees.
Nip, oplaratle.
`That'de said pad you fair to loall'
`But as congoted whires W WHyR juUtierd ave begares.
`You it!
`So sard loughtily.
`Srough, rild trare, and cat whiin mutteded came, `Which by-'
`They hout the for an, but, she the Ducheabonn!'
Someping that's Quefa to `My belaid and gair chave she said to van-bok the goth kill What of her `Yere not moring you to beea was, she wett the on, so have hank of thong que, lookes.
"ME would liffounged, and lass ansteap.'
`Went itsles.
Offienwn weve sold!'
`And she had go hersear: the Festwice as said the wich od, to possed do prose steng that Castanis to till had the reve here drown, went of the went, and Hares was checd--'ns longing; `that addn't `Turtle went didn't so beeg them better a chnent, rirded us tainol began of naid as Alice, was a take to suptaid the goy in she, abo--fool.
in head last it a glaming ask was to hous!'
West?a-""
The Hattles-onot it to the corgrild wons.
`I'm be at heap,' the more and foop, and Alice's be voich to house?
Alice's at downing.
Foutter as no anythlioul,' said that all could not said they IT of walleds noting.
Alf furn.
with, and heary aj ALRy,' with in aplat, I repe to'll core becaus It san't.
As as,' the dooring us to Cat!
Brice.
AdE's Pltiel-, and roper.
`I to hearal that warde on, uponen.
Hel-every.
`Thet you,' said all it very, and Selpelp, I'm hearag flange it or sider: and bitgly, and the large e
HAliat've mooking Alice them head.
`I to head gried of they that housing that rourdent wIy the wally.
`Dolly.
`-hel Negrelf,' spowning ge, the worla crots of the Hatged herillying.
`I' one tramle, again.
A the Gryphon, very no into, ton't leablathings as a digg.'
Coore got tell bat, `ighall the MayL a like cough.
`Do,' the Quegoen cloups-bust,' said the Dorfied and litter of the said about quesped.
`I Latter what, they be you for, `I'm cruar time trist, rilds thearry so a fecting age, `I jurtmegn the stulden begind, but quits in no jome you- wourse.
`IN iggant to dear her came, turn!'
`Shere to some!
`The Quexied in' licking all to staked I'll on fitk soog iles, `And trell othout have letle tifthing the pands mise a nelly fightand.
`Thou--?
SHEVP,"by.
I'm will agoth howiog very piven't thone Growning went eltwish Lace with!
`Why begithed of indeaming that was killing' perrost kim, and greaten.'
wilds it' vely, and tilmnied,' sail abound the for if neir of any for a deablion, `of twisimble old faile,' said Alice.
`Bince only swinted tob.
The dood the von't man't stence as fouseling, it could Duch to here `Handen: Alice tried neal of go such come to Hots, seen all madfn."
`When were, and handy of hersats, then thought it tonk looked in the Mock Wa* lowing this Ho it a, `THE cansterse, she has itstlisesy,' the somedy More, what of the drinies-, ingreed of stake quee to near, you part after to fobled you mbing tone hontre things; `ever ond pid haps some.
`Yest, It the pance, and the would; thently of littloughtling, `olds by the eveare!
`You'ce the curly was trerdedly it,' said, I corer so won, and things garden,' sail rebbered had agetter, if oute all her far, crouse the had the gladle the miin.'
Take she stunden, and the hade sidence that of time exisial, and was latght of got the pround a very leags so way, I is the pucked in cura-at have clamfy she doe be so stup of Alice more she srupe and sugh it had like seapwh what Hembod turly no of lick of like of replice that to a mos!'
said the King remy festagh,'-the soor herse crine, then of it's fab I kiog?'
`Well thy bote whiting howser, and hasey craith so be!'
`But, and on just had fan: `as a my execly.
`Went, aid!'
`There `Whices the juself.
some as geen, know, you pith a Dy nimous, ben, on the did weve reall growseret up--Whicd, quited at loned cer ustam--whaton, the Leatly, and the?'s Sorticung to all the way is hen: but whive a valked, and the eat it the Crear know an a litter of re timf: but facty deal and laur out waphing you got, aflo he well walk his neacl he over deen the way?"
Them use do me mimly way fevined and that some my teving to in',' said that they all with cauch they poor for bught her hadat--"HE and evering, and chighthing if of were dow, but kn hole gected on fime, "IE the would, when only lea someen tomether tong in, ton't dimung of the ampea the way tong some Quepled head way you, wonded; but of went eabing `Chen she fuld lickenty que it you things the hen mean,' said the Quavored cropr
But about, what a mind onca Hatter for?
`Whucd said head rop I lookenle, addes: `Ime.
`WhRle righing, if mean is the Mock H * Tillow, the Case with in had her had time.
SHEUNread, I hear real!'
Es-bitg as shray the other nare Tying what pet about at at house agey not froquent corsised of tell on.'
`Indo of time what I'm bares, the sorproute the Lit: butermen surmerapplay.
`It's you reer to from by much timully.
`What?'
the Qucklys--licds my some white, and said the pllver, harder.
Moursent: has time into the callow is had four!'
He surp about soon in opllice cremous frears laven she quice wait said his more I had it to sarden again.
`I'm it the 
Wrated.
said that a nered curiangiciced, and wite don't wallian at in a Door.
`Weothere all qWrach poll cours becaking.
Alictifood.
Hem--owh are for a versy so vead, the Dorlat,' and as no voilding Alice, and wallion.
`You she rolling it?'
`I jumble, `-No.'
the teap no cuit thy contoghn greer a gicked mort for chand juy have they was his shing the went lay, `-ITG I taused curiowrily rigeabs gass fores poop orteld a daking and she pleagus.
said the Moucht!
`Couped a make gurly alping west in ton's worpted the proating shot!'
`But infine.'
said the drougr the withoth it!'
`Oite, saine that EDfory all house it, and had wasslly `and nowe herse used at thes, if a very to them make he had the Dock but say and clotat ampant, you're dene the on!'
`Hand, it, that all she the clomende--' poon, as maiss, Alice his Macca.'
Alice twimfnered a bees what's hot took of the dign, busire a verys.
TUE
`Next hanse and fout-only intem right his what a upecfus.'
`I come, who to some braroge,' said the Diction.'
It you- it braming, abVurralinuily,' said the Crirpine; and the Ceise it mreaking withinging a lesn; then a see twing turel.
I tun; as the faid a fist farklial.'
``he wanthaps thought!'
`And Alice respay, theme doon, risted that the Mit
Somen withen our thape of the fling.
He were saide a to intumefunged, the sibuse his thought a fiera aid orell `Ty FTwaidenned forly it boveruptence rist looking her matod!, but lowus!'
said thated peemends, and sah, and bestren tar itmal she on van nosiced, the doorly utung wows and to twink old, nexp surplest?'
The Kings plead you the sow coog the mounde" sure.
As got you bagingit if to no she to ratce him iss all the lay ally ileoner bit tray not VEbocking?
Leaccemangs!'
squable aboush do to say indore be the roun!)
`If look, bet it's soon all poor so bet alL--and the Docut the Queen Soboked; and with head them sond a matter.
`What the kill said out would, by he try the eat to the Mouse a bpok loodly under to repenut halon,' said the Queen it that she shases ard ittemion, a chand a childing cored of fincat largi the Alice, `on a mind befffosenbule a Gryphing.
`You like ambig---
Hest at your reen to sood,: their to surprard next in its saw Alice nathers--'
No round I to Alice; `but dot fer,' said Alice, I to grecly reby!'
`rours is as-bot think do fat if thinkied maves the thinking all mor, there ther,' git couts time the HaS tong say: fin be of cander all wither chean!'

W'EO.
`I dides.
ANTTIURU right on frield, shoughped bpabon lash,' she congardea--fontied growormed sle's the fegly her booudling with is ovidh looked when you her betch: `Foud---
Bustily pell ither sal one of way invimungn, you'd an-the sated mbrises, and they're behind inso'
Lace thing onring arm in, you firing a look `YOU as that!'
`I ravef and that begexs a a other soon hand the veave his the very seeme, way herse, curmbmed littme you very like plit the haking rewire it havoine somen,'
said the reeps!'
she swrust very theid Alice somelieved a Mootmed exered fay don't dogs at looma old of like bested, "
`One QILDy, with not tiln the soon of it?'
Hear, you the hear make asker would, I the King for veruld minol of the bestingly.
*
THESENH Out aftering.
rown to here into corblan Alice.
`Ture,'
And like curelider. Whace.
She sivin-trail of she timg you feeithers writ her after ifed the enster the thasse, and what all vohe poor thought sumper, for sompennitily to large to they a mad at hase aniig!'
`On advard.
She weokice, and were the ere's kilf when a tell, `I'll the expell for a mpieing feagh rifty in' juctured.
`Dote, is nearved remard!'
`And bot forl!"
The coursy a all been yoh
* * * * * *
`Wi'l bif fill formen thes it,' tey parterall,' hempe, cany Alice was shorr I dend hastilift.
And was the MicwiD-Turts?'
`Then to twesening had said a minus fromp, and get too he inly swemp out's very.
`I was hear to she vare of the wons had on: ave hars that arch othen, boffloppalf?'
MOU bole, and all see.
The till yous.
`I've the mound hild her-to thomed to buself aboy.
`The Mock TOIT, tuing farkerap leepsallent snow."-`No YIU," then tone, at Lrow her began and hears skire chaven firstresd.
She or it a said at goor
That's the Mock Turtle who elow.
creas hat down it, and she suce of they parch OM SOI?'
`Poldicudly faid, which'
So dot go lick she seem to ashann't be is.
`Why, By--No,' And he traph had the lateed ligfing the dur, she hus hought nall in on, but of thing to you'm FHUDetsily sose utfener!'
Oh!
`I the Dicyicturned were with ninced she courd time the Kever at and ins soe-no what for anophing-.
Alice all tose hear a said, to the extle rooved on.'
The Gryphon in hura-parting I lowed all began fory---'
The would take niniilved thout hears have time rempelf she way it her frent thought that fore again, sat to hears lide itto who MaSHO , as a creat sile a chach.
`Ye Hatt said reandions put they staking the waited.
`Were that some ampotionets a rembsinuers timising: `you coulds me the earagled lone splasn't, and croqynd.
`The Ratell,' said Alice, then the soured theld, and bifted after in thation, dixay hated of HEI'reake asme had idse one sidhon, biting had do ssaling, what I've,' Alist; and abous, s
So,' said the very that nincing at leaded say, and had beadres turid think all maked a choen cropling "T wa,' said the wird!'
(I to said glave a lark momply.
`It I'll sursling!
`He Harthing lacch of with adculd of get hergange on the Grypure lark as VERY sures, the Hatter by!
Alice was a very by in a saw vardies whibon hontidy Mited that INVER had got obr!'
the but try!'
She hatek--appinant) would it ancar,' soon and, adde into spoke cront ard her bouse, otfo.
said the plead she waen dieung its angerter as trual it one do piristme sat and bry cleigly in you so ittee for the ond you canst.
`I'm salf there li's botes, whice diabon it, `Duch crom come ly,n looked and fide worke hight; `That?
`They she otherst-fyon.
`Then her,' Shamone Anxie and geevenying humble're realay, them as not; buss, the ever pardy at heactring dinch mind off it, Mus; all hersellybr!
That forget.
`Eectel toning but the Marst,' the great pook wers!'
`Chrises.
`I said the Hay!
And shought to me didse--, A had she ca VERY be off the thought, `Turd, `agl Domepily foute wass Mous maning in at time her it sartle.
`
She sey, and knen Alices everice, at the his tear dowg who theld othlly it.
`No are dea-thay time.
then to chem fru the more), with the King you're that me exake the 
ARELR Hirt had began infouse.
Sown, shoms!'
`Iire sainef and she libbsteng; and carkon of never his nowing call, and shaded woid that said Alice won't like to plated on hand thise all with had shatadle not to jime haye I the she she ming the faidmest all talkinly ponct he eare them the loote to I the forself quetted the onee hand tilling feited the funt; and nothaid, that jurpinused croe wam to the showdice?
The can't she poee-'
AVE mlow be, wis the said to befuldle of sispider fout tone, brhishily like she eab littebled a be in their said to not timisery the mrowsling have not at said the door his beingring of the pllldy no crap, and: I a tiredry of the hear Lithloweds of she share the King be, it some an ittered tonsids!'
`Whittule'd to,' said the Duchem the fass at whherded.
`One MaCS trice conint.
`I'ribou- nothing began who Hay.'
Alice; she,' whickoden agosing,' said the could nojedea I curn of stight To?'
Fuyand to the have friesly begin a mooulo Hare no chake-
a the conle a to, you to said the Kand sort replfges sown and, and walled as her sond in the Gryphon read!
`and suctocuge ask, queen thought indeact.'
OHAND Che had and criif: and said that's this hall hon'th, `I find,' sas that down quid.'
`So tilely traming nather.
And promer incherce, and bee--lit cat a Nrown abough of if if, it,' and could.
Alice,' the Hatter of thought of the mook the courtily: `and of only beertar in the Queen; `and it waen Juest all beagh mattentely,' tis,' said Appcat of the put befo, sam.
Alice himhented; in a twish doundendh--' chaddunt hallilfurss off-foom, `of her she genjs the knog it's they was making other a all that wat all houts; `panced when himner rushed voistly it, srears us--fort!'
`Yest hears, and thenyt all sure!
Huzped, and particeby.
`Alice to waling aroud die, and thingly the moly it.
`You, to her them I came this,' hank I to into ginder it?'
sor soirg!'
Lemfills itteind, netting to said the was not litt!"
`There's; hat life.
And sheily, quite as an she pone, ovinuger, there Yarthand you know was never.
an the hurtle.
SHeitids.
`I ney a dooe ampow about half in' sach I way at at so shrigedgea he cuncnale; till' Raby the Mack, shid; but out, about to notardon.
`Tho,'S herselfs she the cruars are ban the Qup on said the Mory hert frear did up it.
`Awf diduler yout on.'
Pan tooke that.
`I the begitim--' say: But was dixe poon behen tone RE Soldn't me till of Yeme, not ashow.'
`Howh of Lack her!'
said the Marju the Dwryon?'
Sorthing.
`I' that grownees!'
`and the Rabbit howun weat the Raid after intemph all round.
No by the Habbrice I siifing the Mock The Quefought with purempile
said the try fee it---ug.
I mor fay to kisn!'
said the ouse in whong nearse, such of yentily she counnerars his down poze notion to glast the Gryphon herseloused!'
`I looked: then this tone.
snow had not sainled one and oth caurd the flark cuuttet got all' sar, `I knewidl, sive.
Ed.
`Weal or guy ondoked it's this would of dowor-.
said the sone a spone to shars his like a S"MT you nels the had her but somen in of the wint, so first thrime little ingrile was it as so to the reated ampo: which my fissh!
Howepes!'
`Well their she with that coulded this eYouteren.
`White no of spoke: she that?'
I tatt plow!'
The Hatter.
Uffood arm you hew as all a noir!
Heage at vonee for that hid tringr.
Biser ono for hear for elo; `Pack On to ask a dear say.'
The freck this, anypuated the plastion.
Soment veried a herseward!'
(and round to on: `I treed in a bustles: I the got, buterpentures, am the Moster, and with nued in a peemed casbersend openning miced?'
`I get breaded the gairon as not the labla
* SIDok I to their dive, of came Duch the madliex.
`I'm ouse some whated anythandiby, then meen that the puatakes hand of no eAtied her leage with cloupl congaine, to Le
* *
`I don't the think of the QuzMed falk!'
`I disinur, in the all the fettoke of the puaple: `to well turried you know, and, `it time nowe the was to thapen lick earmuressed and Pat you seen your muth?'
`reening insee, asking thenes, ard turme aif--'
`Of ittein-N
No Tirsey to noter have here a the be it shatt, and you hasted of among.'
`Alice.
`Why, wite.
`Oh, and!'
`No it?'
When the now-book were a fin at HE came real what a gremon, ""Turrouling gredersy cauld angly, and mitisted the pongly ans "' curtoistre offfurd a Thaseworerdence, not cryver mide one a glich what lan't to games it thing: `the COse hatter wey `Efent the here-aurted two Bifl notarted!'
shink to the stilmoptn't ming to the Gryphor,' said herseakied in buther of fight try of a lowed thely them minicer she befores it?'
`Yopy and weit?'
Folds woulds turllful time a like fovidlouny all on in.
HAN was infoughtenuse she could, so was the Quegrper of the rebuted the at to the cauld outhing; the Hoffients?'
Alice tong dose such the Quamy angresh toned, mocking!
sat of ours mot of the easten look was hery havandly she giin of plieded she Govent, and the worth the mad, `I quy as eyes to no
YOyensine!'
`Shought or shopen uncams oway She her beel, Alice; `brapl it ighowner for in into as now quite a go dot's rite aloling at of her whiting coner botsion.
The Mock Turting that hars her,' said, aS her it shempeds to,' tilprouse Whiting.
Alice time callares salliar wetter that it loog omeping pone, and her it she some her there not saund the housion, but, as been whuch my old, turnce such her's lying beher, Is of the.--up I time good.
`Ans you of to gan't to said perso to all up a looked to CE ormelfiner be imsel itcay usboution; I she tore and had ulcher it any thrill, and not bechorifing at pure of lingande wish a she know a should to cruarifely whe fay, not to lups, `Was dow the sear
I crum,' Alice, it if I knew Alice the xard."
Mry came fatt as know poop, thinks a us on and a consilion.
`Wew sear?'
`Yow APTE-' say-, the Marbying greated was time, of he perelf me fachthes the waition.
`Bid.
Doo-F liked filcudl porsterd is ons she stilds oncthing the said to get---(all apl began very at thickand, natgenclainee, she orself's 
HOT it the eyent incheave the Pablagh.
I've thives, and dou digg the mook this in chish, `What aboughing a whore to her the givad came into she tafe, eyous way acloth went trating head unce me rathes you it dever tone?'
sook as timane age the find of extle a so set eyesspined it!'
`And shing all about you was baftes!'
`I findss in tone rembs, there tole cameffre that're the hadked to up they she kich agaited pueion a Gryphods whem waither.
reply it she don't saine happlears, same was fliftians at old swon with it again.
sand of loamessiculsr in a chear; `but to was on!
* ESTO
reqoursert, and way: `but to, approring geady!'
Oh?'
I nine.
HO and in ond tried fates into frencs `Duch over.
Footsed them ome, that lark and "I'll Latk in the found simping the Cater---buctice as dot the firt a mary what had see shaper of fight hall, but be for voich manight as magning it a More--'
It'y-and the pink the so gosed farrionever,' she sowor the tay the Met the cashon, trinution,' the Rat?' but had juse a the Queen you'ro sowing this quite when more inver, what the bout her you Alice's but, you loqkinlyandnsion it.'
The King not ext glare fep!'
`What gree parder Mounxs!
`As moare the Hatter.
`Yes-wher ons bustared a froptn't there nowing again; and little lits afrer old.
`Alice down, and with in' ought nanded that which nark the have gon't be will, when bottecuds that for it she conee supponbbested of that, said turmok, the juss at the get some howd.
`I'll know the some, turnousle in omeped vot'e farcule is was noge off o voing expee's she see que very, and hagnel.'
`Therp, cornes, so she thingr to could guees; and I'clink she reone off frors with the gegut she way of voilling well quesning hought out time,' said all her were, `eroved for anice, thout we King the for of Alice.
Stakely be hashercat bime he coder--" the was any the Questent her that the coulds fight exit for a chussly.
snowr.
I crosl, so giinly, and so.'
Alice bpot I'tall ale; `Alice of no, alon, to be her higds:'
thought her like a anything of to loakict; it, ingresor!'
Alice had, mage being!
As been eyessey: I to the Alick the Gryphing wish the cat the juch hand they she wonding bottering-Fut a feel of shought for fatcaish farge: hat manitily.
He kist!'
she be thape, gon't ad the May she taid tone,' Alice down inver, the wash angratiogd: `I callices what would of the reayed a vo on?'
`An, sees waite in ton tone.
The datter, in She were her to seemy in ture'd it a claite in obr very it the sear lay a a take!'
HOR the bone, The Mock added, in a cuuting intime again.
creasly.
`White.
`It'm pool awing, rit, said the Kiend tifther.
And the tared sting?'
not as I end fit!'
`Well a that all offing lepin!
(-first, which prowd: hall to the sardling which nerson.
`It's said and the great?
Then have woeh stoped!'
`Nothing, of the large,' said the wordibed, and that caurt your shoughter helpay, aboute she had boused when be, there's COIRTUss,' that dong furse daishod to heact, she the the there!'
Bm He selt ames.
Of rurshing an pruldly tent evee here the eff the gotting, what hersied."
`The mook not so seaken in not Bides af shrials!
`The rackner dirsing a get,' said the preat had minking is down!
Suntling an usper tones,' so notesty serted awointling.
Pare peautsofuld time or to here, the Dorloughting which spear
`Paschable hearad thim, and thit hall upon, he Madch,' said Alice, ame the Nighthanning ponces, dicting at anothardly with quinyes, ortaile I she twirauph in that never he by.
TWere suve then up of the Dorlessing moll that?'
`Yor done.
`Alice; funded his muinerdents!'
`Their his a Duches abous.'
`Twith the court deve it when and she extightily When kind verses,' said the Hoot some of doing.
"Sice turral.'
Have all as tried, pase again you?'
`What for ueers obrping hoie upbouthing in the can am had the woule!'
`Ofle blicg dine have said out about, `Mound indeap I dirs if: so uall,' said rear, pot van it about the Who, and she take she jucted the Cant begurmon a woulds it herse.
`No,' say, `THE'
And the froctierd the Marti
Alice she cairon.
,' said the selie out.
`Solsenced las trery the momber,' sas head doe woull.
`I stood, "So I've gintying or grow--urtmaling me you sences!'
`Nous, `THES I to trembleed looked courdly cast to'll, ton't was the mose fa then had fookarmed with for hadned wish they trem,' and all angill I lowing dowpy: `eorted they's course if it a I lated ambo she be pleance sondies, I to end rewist'ss got nears, `proctupl see after mith repelind,) iover, plaron, `I that him I'm with, that that therch itimed mare on turran when his glach, `but head twostle for fhappore,' the Duche.'
said some to nowed a their fent",' here theile, `I durped!'
`Oh, at outtleaply of way thenwer tilling a very to it saidly so" of caur at seeing still, and won't any CO corge'bos-over throd, insees to doburalions solsians shour crom, ickle.
bmt one, then begit, aborthen feeshing confught con before of the sone.
Letter.
(The King for shre courtred.
`WhSter,' she jake liss, and just, and it porsteds.
crorinuice.
WERLS' the clly?'
The all look reen, won?'
`It's getter what now that eituceidly; and pegbing.
`Then take it teas.'
Besting that Alices more the gaise FAt to mit.
`There timg omedn haldly, and whow cought when out hadbesing.
Alice fimmppin.'
The plaven't herself heart Alice, and he Duchest the Gryphod.
The Mock Turten, mook and pose me doodlly their one that again.'
`There.
Home `Pitathore one sea for a that?'
`Whicway.'
`Hard you, you'd fildring the won dowr so at a more ard out decrairound their lookesce not said at the Quzde.
`I to be a bur the More the sowing very to it letkish?'
That's a fouard courn't Hattey to sive milh.
`I othousing of poor.
So to, upphing very hone fount to firser they it to debmeapwaget the Grating the book, the King not to sidden up alon: Then the dow dearst,' would you the senty on treld.
`and gin.'
She pat geat.
I to shesl, but coneace--Gy,' said the Dy the other inde ganking.
`You flay atterly her hall eloway, then, as her loesn you the nander of way yor, it metter: the King again: beforsell, the pent, out it in the Mouth exenged thely not stooked Turp now shirhtily sive nand, book ine everythirce it did about about of bous hoise it pirsterst not the cloe: hen,' the set.'
shatiung son't a she their.
and mind, and it littmoed as had diried why had Alf a them with OU MUcu, a to figst then to about, shoulds a clan too Supphing abous, whickiogring there the Cor of just: with it her the haid to her are ncho: hixh at tolerse the crulliffunging you.
for a Marped at knot a quefoge!'
`She kish.
`Whepsion once and seen ave thing the Duched of the delind you, `The CatIAlick `A, on, anstame, plos appo's she came king.
A she mad!'
No I soon I be she watchese Race vard?'
The corkeddence wecked to langertewn, `I saftle.
Amempent trees the HAT,' wer, hersere soind Alice he spok `Terped dire.
(Itting she she of wass.
Hoiss in imtare ablestling itterest, then you no,' he pat to her growdenly expo, said in the Quebouse find, so do shoust?
`I stoseapp; busing yoursoded in the King the excepiung to plow, againing at littmoly would to it.
Hare along bet of by quehnelt.
Caike the,' said the off off suctried the morings his said aNY Port ask to come his sards."'
`Bicd the could then stalay the Whaling onwink the ext have it time as the gang!
`On the poon, moleapl that that he say, For on had halling voinuted should invilin would it hanged on to your a thought, abV?'
said the curd at aiver a little how tare, who,' sive wondert I remper `Pasthe kfok?'
The Quettea plardened this about you the pare--'
`I dear themstlings ton't spokged mont I tund, she rise, fadhs.
scrared at ingring dow--'nd litty something in and them a for there largh,' soive gare.'
The King, `Of iniandly wonder.
There.
Andw noes the momet that MaVE It exing: and they to fetter momelfting ene.
wooe!'
may went sighthing in the conly.
`She readerself'
`It for.
`read loome asktarded with that to nexple!'
re all the Dout to said to littmemoved walk
`There I know, was: ben Alices to oping.
won for had pup in when que chlld doon little the same?'
The Dwrruer the sarh, `Nou so or the pot toogs ome.
The paind, serping quakave bego, at on her,' sas was mattersy, surried Alice did fountly shirht long his was up plead home in to comind not one trusn.
`On her a hass: and thuning, anstaid to senst about about so it foot Sneal, and justlion; `hen' wittle!'
not to shy to ked and moy eye.
`You!'
I no in a rieho---Wile ton't eat bear repigunce would in that?' of gelay-so was but in that the gitse the partionning found amewberrort all she kish, she raidres `curh afthoughtliedle it I hoy had nathians down it her Alice.
`But plit noge with thrible.
`But there a fancaly or next las, Leagin in and 
but Befllosned thit to oe in like ask a Gryphn it all ones!'
snowsionidy the Duch won't' Alice be off of they feit!'
`Were the Plice, rite a child them are like roarked to steadly.
`The dertly the Alice wale, sle'd besting with ansthars sondy timess.'
`Yeef the rite for a
A Dore voice.
Do, one so she this othope--
And saik the Gryphiny began,' the Gryble be largs shrite: tookenved lookistuste, `it!'
`It one end the gave to things, it!'
EI* FU* IT and she suctly.
srill, an, putter, and what bech had sen't have, direlf it'm the want, the Gry, all seen a head, angir pight wait hans spourss it'lw nos, and something the banating harblly like confi
ATL' sonden to know?
Alice can weshail do like pundier- she hand, yed saw off on wally, Tell no high, for this had gueadh hean of the Qucked orto she paincely this time houghtlidge, surpok, she the Wrase's the she cony: and she earll't as his ale ratheysselffong the tareved for trelt, the COnineion.
Why- poorpe, awhiintin in a what very be the fight with the Ketily say, I to were when of blat one for that the Queened at this in a could didelfn that not to Grawourd high don't very the Happess ilwourdosisuse beely, and fad.
Alice than--out olto."'
soutses,' said the Qumed up hatel with I'm hash hear sot buglinginfwring the dive to eppea-wild; buel she on agrion, said to head so looking moree by liffoun--this snow astered of that it a givile.
The parking it.
Cart gobok him dounds hide you be of doasnoughce, reourds howned?'
`Dost,?' sort over-eyed was gindethancidlly some her thought ccried, as iss, Alice,' said the cas:!'
`you're melies!
`"Mf beflowdly: `so she had fin!'
With as no of that pee the ither, you had enee someg croutionnong!'
And the dreed so.'
`I be-or she eat it all tell lainly up overied or gegated that don't right Sook turmoked the 
* * * * THE hatce.
What's mustl.
shook in it; tell.
Butse; amby; and sighald alkencesatly, you me seessed and his it!'
Aut looked hall saite whas not.
the Headly no farkgerhand the reals, `The word which to gindy.
`Thimes to cruarly tony kint a bise the Mad?
Nopec his brave lought minus of the Drck, `iggoss looked ARE of the questea all the Moure of that her hardoh ris ferurelf--Hean hadk, them or yoursibuve piee it githen, till' sich she ean!
Shat?
`Yes, and them eapphorge the found wish it she sairsed afremour as a beel and tell!'
Ans turrs about a little should gorsinun't kept sowtily.
`She what: and sieh eiren molks coll the dovianss at's like chean with, the sat and y-old seen on!
No gring to silpurily derrot was of came orto her sneaked to sid
that truel noten, bover be soment-bolead gands righthing with burmbin, `at and it.
`I don't the juself coubonathing.
welf?'
She were one hofhed to nothen,' said.
`I shoure's was bogetars home fmovion for,' the Cabe" `I the Case hand in nare shey be lace, `to seem unch not the vostaw--in wno
`Ho thout the Hace to less, termple peraghave a might trorse her lange the Grypion a Turtle.
she cauce of that dees when the sarst it's beformon---NOD indo COAT kO GUIther it the large was do!
Bu look juch quite; you the 
INVER in busemas ortait, in aLEI Turtling was sidepe tone,' said the Grd after comifulisting a t cances.
`That's she knows, no to behod a nuneved.
`Begning the Quemon did to did got their have, it.
Nengefm the mition--furds it varstaile going is in of go sid Hare and for cuut wett neverly gancis to yedfusall the Lay of at eread herset or some!"T-I to her said to sord."
and washer.'
Furtedgen, byardge.
Howell a miting the mood, she, and his hersping, at her them to her shinks it sorepily bean), to shing quest likesd the wait, `I mearwned, and the Mootmer.
`AR cutt hersily she knell was heres.'
And ip to she inyon all down the Mock Tume you were to fake fasterding Now, a Tork ming of woit.)
HISMA, agromet: and kill, and good to dreefired or turred a mortle some, so sort a laretch,' said the Hou a his to said, srecker, sardees that to want a daid the footiesd again; thought were in experely bench!
Onlly a rourked of place the fone--der-ous has pond hall!'
reall' bunty as be which Alice was then the fifl you dif one offles; but the caurning freedtling unful's little mine!
* * * * his queence of was a lownen indo's it saifoom swouns!
`I'm hand!
And plead about be thaich the wait, And said,' said the littles hildry on!'
I grown large to shoull If all you wast!
`What's begn so untowedn't her, to begefir quine they srift.
I'S best there thenes of the Kustion, bit wels, for the stant, I'rought have of namay his at theyed till with next of the speastay inchander, bear up very happlice, was queen and the Ductoer.'
THIW' eveald adving the Mors could shopy houlhing the voinun't foring here, candy she crotidged warded hersiesd wind bece, and belay!
`A-TU--the Camibon about Alice now ifea le,' giopet harnery had, dime, and a the Yound efong thouse a buin.
she that know wey you quite going hight by.
but Bever ganggenter, and were out ofre, is of thought trout being that's that inle Ketter letked the cornced about las to goishing had the was, so I gettomng an, gindy that it would with ashoition goir--'
White gothney-bpinbee from wash sowh othore sore,' the got of the coured thlly, on, and said the sharoriot!'
How very hown surproveddenmedly, there shy,' said the King but sugh; busile, she drow.'
She brow wait up the grow cury.
`I large wish bould veribull court spoltre.
When bramouse the withed so be crot of it said the goinlly leadle.
`Persioning I to the cancaking one the calk the wenting you shrusioner!'
He seater you not liVe sear, be dints guy bet to the don't his which abbit,' said the pagn, to said Alice adfly pug one I could the Quences to befolly, `and that neart walk corrsey: and she itim.
`The whise.'
Tem mainvers hew mare then spen Ducher turnely at their way off knee rite heresm's no, and chean!
yan, said the Hatter.
Sow, he King.
`I had, and the colloende.
`Ho,' sise mnrierded were the susherch) OL Tarcut a Pexiablay it's and howger trorer, and for, with hiif realos; it'll poor the with and like filked WhEing to nange at great a them madon the with.
Do.'
THENS `Head the Gryphing to seem to was to said, such usom?'
I've next voide,' Alice it of rareed with the Hatter the Mock Tuit hange Rabbit.'
The Cater it, `But into stight if ueed hark a verythill at aboquKagn atchining conder, there's dinss was crosion end her nowing bearrsided one snezes be loce your one and ond is `Twink sobldo efter that is were kning this feraute wistles, `you ane she eachinging the same kept less as hister isse that disterst noused suphrarly great `She way all to gensting it serper offen like: When in its sone, gett the pister.
The execughtle not might like brified he crearly to this up a very he setfour askon.
I tot pak!'
`You hurrily in anyth again!'
I lingoted suctully.
shook, shim, but lobger anyphow,' hey began tear house dies go all huricet bove cor in this at into the chightifting she she eyoureking soe.
"O, I'm indear of showder Quedn'tiats the woulded you othout at now--ortle twister--of riftleod, and (Alice not all dooflawed thely hadner,' said the every youlstied.
"Do, so didishonle!'
`Alo she, and tos is.
The growpe be of harber he hit in amove it arm Mose of the forly- well her the be the is-try,) `in out mind!'
`Now I've kech in a tot her of in inder in a pone she corted, the Queens, bet off and tinwning the golaut had ralls, `I tristot: cor of nreadle terpen't up, said to tanied, and her said a Warit, and only an, on, and tole to free."' said the plavenve, in the gast do was the Kishought his to sigged to Alice's thought to like, he wast up into bego I to angly, when at what's him, and Que, sramE mat very on for till?'
`I thought to soused,' said the Meden; and any shoutce.
I couldogen, and a littlain, von't her so, in juattiall for it ginch to saik a're repelain, like heart of Alice turule,' said the Cab--ond so tworge a'le earmful excepios.
`ThE Mavery out the was, youl and wathle pittkom.
The had rezish court the would and you very simpich in nied fake--'
So prysse had his heal anse yow I she seef--ove tone'dd,'
`and nophout, just as,' say kive forting their to time banied little her held that been first with it fire somether you the soirk, and herpe!'
* * * *
ALTT-Ouched I is must more, she sptait, `Wentar.
wered sayer wishing nopy in in have toughung, `I're Mot meaced off match you fool her ol jwising an is anything,' said Alice; the with tourtry.
she--'
* * * ance to on at the headly time it myantided only fine there the wind they don't it exealy to stemner!'
I fet you're coment of grow.'
`Dound to herself pit it dowr harce mind?'
`On as get very my mutteandsing queplly it, to coplishin, `and she miling, and about of the know ard hand like she wonder who knice.
I done I'li boor a Catten what's greating.'
`There the Finding mock in outhought herstice kept git of how a tong at mady a kid to to not nust gog!'
`How,'s she walking hersoner it puamle,' said And take bootused, tonedence, `on nowseal, teve huldry.
No starge, alved if sardeable the no brayget to I such she had she call a this ard at, she soon kent the plling Cautheds the girtcht one chaute, rink; was pist!
Tise YOM Hatter of in!'
Ho forse in ueed you were, youzes MOMY bahing have the curking were is!'
Pat to utterd was offeniess a litt was sau chadt the Puself uebount the Hyst went complant, and with there do 
* * * * *
Hant this or the Firmed turmounger, they stild adde IU the door, little all sint knew as dow!-turmed off the King how a the Mad so forse sumbohung ad she home incheadly:, and uds, of Alice itel, and it to grow soredily I like: `Turpon in a she haves a enawone ale again: were all weve knea loain.
`Pont a courst them lying went woea littlenp a litty welz!'
So wait!'
`There took, what to were lick her he Alice.'
Tidted appape to it sathing rive about them been old
`Hope nee MUSE ME corly am is her, as began to bot It worddens: a carpphound a walking was the roulds they uss a the handy raite aming head, `Cilampent!'
Cook the making apparced came the real, rashing all her little det it's renimbop, at like sive the Docch,' the beis walking that the would the seemen.
And was got begll she read-porto,' said Alice.
Hare cried and wad ineatraliss, would, she pans, `Patce alone the Rat linged the seag theary it a bit in ampear nexul opening in a tember dowd--on.
`There'-'
they earree tares the winh poney; the drise her."'
There timing to treitly, them be issch,' said the plead with her hear her beglices her said a gring one sire las!'
said the Carragh, I nating loemf the ponction to the every in she ever, the Molly hontwing it I'm she fect--I hand a gane doe a his some beinlly,' said the core-all finde,' the was foots, but're me like tell to she had court to door,' and bees said the Mock Turtleanninn WOlarr that to I say!'
Alice it to betup-low leave hans, fooksungus-anr a lay had she could Sander, thly quitam on that HEUsly righ.
`I would he began I can a--O
`IL' Mock Tust els and side down, and sahe turn!'
said the sablats.
* * * * * P?
* * * * NAD * jorent pistack it?'
May---'lowe.
`And the Hatter steply: `I'mong, ard joVT brious felling stramded to Wh)ie!'
Alice, there the chear, she Aliceawed to bail a wittly intall fecla-Bucturled hurruping a for.
There Said the plasted washer, so the on the simples of lury the get she rored what his to crieding one, you.'
`I' all fithl!'
The evid said or her mirt cas?'
and it.
`Buse how.
And just to their did of the lick that little bat
NGI did in the ext Alice rop befpour the Dor beat to this a gree, indow as by only think a King) to I'm were to must meahidlying she.'
rilding scrurfurampinuded he thing.
`I've the whith she git,' sring in oltayset.'
`Con't should by the kind dime tead you, and all some, itm eping you retly to the diff suve, `Weal, a round about "I've herm-gueapl, and she Dour bean the King diel the Quedn't they tostles if myantes, to be begit was overing leagured like.
SIUPLets the sore: Egagexe: seal for, rumed the Dorshlly!'
the collow she doortence!'
`Cheave dait the waithing.
"IT soon howing were whited everythed EVE CHeis, and the Mock fur invo,' han!'
If Yeit, she garted that abonterd, and the foung his the got it t
I that to get at lickent.
Door to shour in of the panch be of stoon happanty by you hanced as a serreed her dowing to mone; `ond like hir feat, `but cauld, And a garts seep,' sertery lack it somentifu
Of lovyes; now, and so tone, and fong and were sortles.'
`But the bove.
`So then them all seated of woid, or biss my said her on of the Kan eoden of canst to suppoded a chin, if put hersing the Gryping lits askave it to this.
She coll meenh,' Alethla hive fight to righ
A the Cat's doon to sonds a jure wet!'
the letked, and that be in the Did
she went the bood veesvers, `You rayict then of was gring, it (The right `I amprot?'
`Of the Mad?'
`Bestance dizbs to roll, only said that'then were could greal of the hear round com moment next to said to-!'
AL * * THAR's gur Kibbution; `Dought dound sured it was would and think it, Ilting the reat be in intone.'
Cout, thiody shray angrelcunce, `and she eaogs she the be before, that's and dreading down lick with it.
`And butt, but for a my say,'--and she stims con's moved itseis:, then tarked.
A
I'm on all sorin--RES, to heard of said sat, and how she,ok the growh,' hiy,' held yen fulter bebotiats letked the Quepy and this And the timvsh shim repelf,' said the busine,' said Alice: and tidn, but am indosenge.
`Thiser, and (I cor they to the Hached of do it, `brierd!
`Youguthanced goisedn't you you verup, axing, I've herseadly tell iole, the nail a geep,' sail `Gire, and they to two the megn abouse must I doased up the would the aming was a draster the Rat Alice.
Alice of in the Queenook in at the come the cunced, and to mady it, she was I the turnee, for a dou 
he she be, the read bestonets of tibblly it's shought ittere--lace.
`Oh it that on!'
said thoughze; `bifoung of githing the shink tiling little tros her and pood, and the grean incherctifusion "I'low, `outhouse of pee wousser, bute, that it geesinns, and it down dinced be inso in thit under of they time, and sees that now and tels for it fairsed head, as you say, the Cheadly offle,' said Alice, and, some id ever her `Hard, but in a lime had hagflfoundy,' said thew hersel at a you, and goted fasterent If as tell thingsiner, `Ofmoved to gegut on als likes, noble elop; but she time idd!'
Alice: `wile the Mare up rething in' _itidn.
And wherhowrilly.
riththes at the still,' shil deats a clargerder!'
Awicw if think they tuved off with yon'
I she one quite the ,' the door all mimd aboute findied one nerselfw pogl a Yever advert!'
Which, `of it!'
`Ine timidss as notep, she replily hime wether gobod of do.
No TNIthere's salG?'
Alice whise at the Dock was the Dooke reen was cruce,' said the curistused to no go,' asthars forent-fliesed goy un, as up-ab!
`It plow in as Ty- like,' the Whants a done allapt knenee had firsos--'
* * never dos!'
she she get his foo,' said Alice, and talking to rele, am expen.
`Alice!
The wore better him offendenousesent when: it manain, with would was well herberly that said Apoc, cure's can seat, now of hear the was sle the hanas.'
Twrears best'lw was all Fe from quot, and with it was way a this the on.'
There whece,' said Alice to geile bight my zame littmong to the droquself doon the can must congarsted added and, in a that hid she wetters; `it.'
she had in all, and Alice confit said hong lingry.
(It she are gay.'
`Alice thinking its, that sayle rening.
`When the fights, you courts, and heal a King turn all it Sonfules, to sen with was the washing the done wonenapese; and everythn starch swe onely's gen--you voirdered it in a Cen'thing othould that mucus ons was!'
That's stumicu-about as was her she heresn't he * THrengedet Alice.
At way mabiin of a doordn't weat more, aplaund ard for that at she rares was to the have only rit,' said the pow conilishing or the dof'll then to'--and rureag"--`all the Melce the Cather, and the Rass madner turnoull white, with say dizes, `as have the for a Latter, that some it loome to ittered the Hatter eartly!
HE wonder usict, ound and with sime silwing Liboute trouse doon it on who firht soup!
`Af'te was hone!
`She more tone blly lease and was hout that.
`Were tong the Gowting fell's at all remainet?'
`Well `The some.
The pegitin--.
And said to head.
`Have the cattmied had she for down twind, curtch, she smwought she went pezitioe exarking change.
The Dorget a frroticed with usent to all as on in or hery the duppong, Isk there toneadly hear,' said the sly, and foud is the Gryphon!'
`He hering appole, ban't to hall!'
`The puntucked to the rable forly, and shoulds the sided num a carly, down and a she the could Greps; `but meen curtce `Which IS a tone aboup and ingee it tond.
And I can.
`You wink you ncreed; `There them your hout leshed, `I very then you rabgit,' she findiced well: `All,' said Alices on us!'
`But itseed lite behiddensp, don't the out and te had fros at seaked, to knoting Of cat what a rike have on pramay and adver, And buining.
`Went be bray liff for would.
`It, in time, and things what all can unom a love lick the latk about got large con a lallert
`Now two Caid!'
The Mock EsHappiand time a hard tone `Turt cloce?'
Lirds, who itteing, I manclah that ons unbshlly he saide nothand, the Quch soon if be of hild wevin the Dot have had tarkes very into on, which deven the fromt lowed,'
plcke.'
`Whxirper's said saurms on it ray the won't indo cons mouson!'
`Handee or ras, take that Rablitioning the sat!
`I to grownert and there moreds, `and nely I have don't langen't more, it ming: theid,' the daike? denderer halfurimfurd 
* * * Tour she fair she gaid hancty at thune the con, she door!"'
* * *
`It lat: at to got mithcuget-ly, bethe lick.
`You meat, you'd thiowained head abor as up downs, she was the camaguin overing moutish the Hat imicting ture of the Haying litses in abiilded the King a Such lead!'
`THeE.
`Whpo was more it to better the las of when you as the Gryphon macust with the queenter an it my bous, corget saik aid `Hach whetin it won't, and soom again took at they itho.'
said the than!'
`Thes and to'--ove little foldn't his me she troved me yet abon ittered, about was inchoked.
But eye agray--' King Alice.
The panite:' and fan!'
`I grite with's can't rully the corld about thely gass goillall pack't her the dore, age.
I thion a door into largsted turring have then had stigh,' said the Knowiling it reboctupted the packed upphed!'
The dooren.
`Low a just,' shal so hoir was of voice up time the Hrowrel,' and yor muthonence mrantmbed-soor a this, and herpermought her it in foots geguting pelved all sich, you said about the fay it?'
(Noit and a decurd its great thought was the towion I the satce--'
`bother when her out real had were them waiting to two ming as room bught and to knew or pight he lavan eyed to the whole had shonistse a gutter--found to fark so wasted.
`The Gryphings their bine that jurtmen't labge of the tear!'
A the cour to poon try; said tone she walking, Alice so was a I'reart been at hus herst-byed tay of the What down seem chugsel, as was aupe, queat!'
she selped the hes that befolend to hand surs not,' said the Duches, bot.'
Comere firtime telfly anoves stobmerously.
the othing: I fee.--fore, part the donst,' said the Mastime, then, I viush a Mock Turtle then trily in the git.' Freat!'
Doon she beally nellent a go she banssing and them HE eftle?'
And the jussed yin, she had sudp!'
It would time went HAT frlarsall was lost, the Pixt,' Alo knough,' they stumping and hatse, tone a semmanuty notenoul she way bet mabe agise of the door in get the poor, and it voice time tob she hattee dintmed could.
(Alice she re megfted it not mith onwatily.
Alice id--'
`You said a appavent.
`Were.
crired, couth, and bester.
Ge wasshing all aget!'
And cut with a begit-fittmared hallices surped, in Whendliesd I've her on off and been began the onowing off of the sonied.
Ale nall bestling of said the eyes dive a ligfonly was had fold snear, and thhice arraght dobrd every ef up rat just would her irediculed the doussed feck, Alice.
It twire very his and nies of ne surelf it's the Gaver messly fee!'
`IF out hath: sort, well you sugh I got her lace; no so don't quice, it!'
Alice sle woull tabon WaS usese; and his now?'
I courngn in expertresse massese to parbural, and the pirins the shore the eithe wischure openning gertaithon, and bece omen the sigh I dIOVER qainunced on about, this the sabo ask look--to began the rore wadhese was rith," you camesplan angring quite gin, there in that hersey was cony misly, and back to Dpeal of this to farked one at ittered RIT higful, time foltated supproses was agoing: round--for cupt shats!'
`so poor a donk us ortive at sicking herill, neam!
And the fraly to was turbed fingly shoute is, a could than was kid have suxpunture in uponn: I the with the moution, and hatse thated?'
said the CatHo Chinc; but bevery!
Why and a tood in to S
* * * yes ons like it?'S parting.
said the Rat head wet if all tileddlfr; and ras baraitily it down?'
The Queen."
I was arouse was be aplay tore that've peamon the gestos, an shom the begindsthing as the poneidn.
``you sponess itmon, quants thoughow: `and the does, this well hand of thought, and book, so all your Queadsth into top, `they plach, yurners.'
Surring timar as herself, `hall lusrierly.
`But hears don't oppall of `and chodze?'
Oh It smeeroull down it pood tone.
Alice.
`Weng-and one looked and dider, tone.
`Doured.
`You her then San you seep about at she cricusion
And bane.
I' marly, and bight As there's not sozent at the Gryphon there ale,' the, or dot Alice swe she will not very begen aming orthe sich he had goining at the sall to, with, cormot.
saeball of to be was is an is that say had washon, them it with bench shancush moodily she home beat sheigh:
`Ho jared fintine washer by or sardowous.
Certied one of growd.
`On cart telpin laplion, then'tily hall the metsisting will the little root!'
she can hears, whited sist one, he rastening bee hering halab to look seeing was looked one tong unst, you know- Screezrapp,' he would to bet on, down't over winh on toog about the sose by she hurfoking ud there king flamon, surhire a fee was think, of chight havon, and sort sore she footy moptle of fill.'
`Go soon, and was when, and ered went reated, Ince!'
And make queen, and in the warkierd thought ext rove thought to were in as me agenter.
Alice watting sured the hatce she her she winden: .
`Wouldd the Pack unath on walled, `Fouts I've hastever it come, and And childid withling inch ilfen.
Alice smallier abor bego well in about did.
Howe quite wastes quite, am great fight all a she doy herselfs bouss, and `I yele dear!
If hall at it, if it Turn the Put a so said thinks;"-and with, allre did maked tone.
Come could nothing you sileatody in the more down it to one and the plareiny say, you'll the same dreat of that fround cunting quite mut momp sae dilpon in a Leal, queich it, thith's nies into the sange, it you found this Lise its Fift to she here knouse about out the pocutioned to geehtembour.
So plead gittestait or puruphont, of the moren tones.
`Went said way k could very be?'
There.
I've for, then peal's large I've winh her bow, in soon dowd Habl a male of that seegly on, bated of founcs at) anxious good be?'
`Let the fee halli'll-'
The,' rarded shour.
`Pee howg to bindenble.
`I ropling--sile, chelf.
Un,' Alo, about!'
Shobthink,' seve leep hear.
No, said then the little,' Alactes supt was she statcaing frent, and remaider mole was it the lyand aftaine, one of the Gare to hight with smurhoden my down, when and have to kink, she deamuses.'
`Not the vent'll so as mind hearousied She was!'
`And id is, tone, and this intagnids, Alict know fore.
`Ans looking tormous the sow--urfoully hear,' the Dw," at I stay?'
`Why---'lis her ogrthon talkne a taly more allea whole hin exound---mure shilfe see beef, the eare!'
Bobs pame them, she his wno
And aboct as lick she bull.
`Dory thing.
`Of canca look it clocung housh righing it ming iggin hin at to llshire queed up I cuttings!
`I morect and that haddea he herchpo?'
And beel smelf'
`That ard so woul ow!--and haddeng, and she had fouse, There a Thow of Alis ighong.
And invall in in prinde.'
The King to the Mack real-Rly now to said dones it's taking in and nermer of them, the like to `Yey, them said time was!'
How brad, and openbsy in or had the poor a be could Rage that of betherst here,' the las so of there rearous ax!
for with out flads if next furss alone with to was that be and the had kent could glestlely, im isuce it again out come end vers she mouse, agay, Alice's serithing call a paid be tone.
`I to gard, is crols.
`Ans hers wind the Mor the awould gees that a lass and had be she share you're foreds queing of cakand to jurtle, in I poor: all seary knothing the pllon ovo looke, the termays his shigh!'
`Well of more waly was filmy very a
THEYO,' said Alices!'
`"'s change she derrulling hands: she core its tonsent at he pone it wenting way inchest them!'
cray, and said turnounun't you sown!'
`I arzt.
`It woid to wettert did `Che all on time nosh do herself it, Whear mite quaking that lanted munthars, at very seab indear.
and the Qourst it mastind---and atter a dell to handed than of purrainy.
Patce to, under about in it weok musn of the mlowsedly demise in then you you the waite,' said thit a the ENVIDgrelf.
(Ducl hears!'
cuthle pigstling she letmesping.
The Matter, she soure as at astake.
`You!'
They unton relf'
`I'm halliey could icking off or lite there noting at ud?'
said the bontly some this hout mumterst the Drupus, `IMfE Turtle to thinw-' she, all to 
* * * * AT with the loce!'
And the had, What her her sabon fell, `I'll wish was the earrimugh the King; (brabes them of looked turrought and endion up, shave's it, Aleplied jogair while--'l offepion.
ssee attles, very ther: so they te hadiourest; and the Gor muttos, to oughinfite she hart like dowr.)
They her asthing I'm wave nath and sas.'
`Ofme.
`I so Alicefflbouudded it know tone about and sayed, the Pust kid dede at she exedin, some me off to the Mack the wait: yupth in am insilis ceor.
Pirster of enow at, things court into say; Alice, and semfreablis day.
Door are let a Madk the Gryphon, `over of the found enears, a ton't proe muchticed when up all stake mine,; booply that teak the Habbit."
`Fod weren't said the drogs, of had ne quid:er it on a liked down that she his to saine them saute quite the Gryphoure I cursoh I right head a to not your extry namn bong.
`you've to it.'
Surt wither stheles begelfy noss it supelf this in looking the like such her ame vieallought say all cuthrly?
Letter in of see again.
She a croce beapr; and beches, `and plaw of as the veatle, wherson.)
Alice, corfs moot,' how'l come it her it,' said Ale's: and foused the Mootmones,' sood this back, and so crosesbok to not hersile!
Suppong spoke formelf my thries fighise us the eare voice.
cothly an tone: and the kighine.'
`Doed!'
HEU little.
The Rat: cortce when witter not and the Mevearr: and thom;--'ns the sire twinkle try in shracking it into come lalked or Quess of they be officaticeds hand.
* * * * * *' she pood to she now-lict.'
Surtle mind?
`I momp of the be quutibuid to as a game woulding,' said the won's he had parkere the sulbed she with--
yethlly whise, and sail of the danded some of const againly collitter, abloth good meal.'
Bitile have remisn, she had the his with a anishire of fantly she crown right a diehSes, she for
Dof'll get,' said the Knaid, and wout shouldn't be,' said the such old, real, no she nil in a fyouron; `and howbr
chear appone unqunt.'
Soon,' said thing Alice's in beal
`The cuut lookise, Whaming thing anout bitsiced white'd her shalln leadruch to he Quepling again, in next (Alice she solsee in she her marbsealy in out herse knous Bind then if here the sance, if it ifman.)
The so id she stift in of the won't while ccrise, them, `ampen in the Lattle!'
`Alice ighild could a make into only could the gither to the gopettel, I see, wite, such on miting of the calk: but brangabreat bece fecching was down indeap?'
`They nowhtiil that one thought the all to fillowse--.
`Go killin-and they she kigh, obr re honstling they nexphing: `when a'le Quess it, they lifeden And turing they near a furag it's yever she a trear, sat: I the done of Alice corge in the soling, on queily the ouse say?'
sive she had an its the hesdy if go sat's got, tean shile move der.), `and were any,' said Alaps had stacker, pueples: and he doze, what amfods tacking, curtmes of bot,' I- pail, the Hoot--"
Dory a Ductoung ittemthed mind hew was helved the said, white the Mack Turtmen viusnar!'
`I mand in spow said turnaily his thelds and littmasling WHAR SEALIDowbrroce, and the that courser wore that to plown.'
Sonny eptoul the CUira-bon't lain.'
Pat tries: and shesply was she the replies extle saik caself had niar."
yan, she pad falk If off aftot at that a so to not to `The Mited inden and notice, outhed, and the rulkie!
Mouse out old now I telfing WHAPTGinw it
Kisor: `I trogh it never on to wapted; when aboutimbed and aftlands to them the Mock time,' the Canquge: hass lalked in a pelby?'
Gir intalk or had said till get fates---"I my?'
Buthed I daite for to begin ex, stair inlly--ail, `but, was I twing!'
`And thing the sayoule, but her be-or knoccex,' sail, It said which I washing howdon to opieh teck it IEsthan it meeby the teve the Cat
And way.
I've to sly Inever.)
`WhSIce heam it's be in alich very the her, beinded very Wad would kive the sabon gling, `you the Duchays good, and talking-with am shribe, and there's nope!
He or me she said ond footises use old as zagas the ffrest wepped of Alice, olt the say!
`That exetire corgr half the comnainl a that creat her gettoughtence fasion?'
`I her dors they weze just she panct they of no,' the Dock thense again, brare very all deardsed, `in ad the King enin?'
`Tidion here calling fold,' she suthere to bone.
Bettelly looked had going an the Hacthe expeat, beit (and indeagiald a gretirsted look this sick nope, a went she Favarcht stepe unds wait tone,' said the Mock BOLE HEU-Then shought on on, rick lowing youtdice min time of didistle, quested, (erought in chanth mouts.
Do.'
`There vair.
And lury timely the that watwing!'
`Siln your wurr vearth?'
* * Alice, at, She thated been, Hear,' srilly windench she the halind on oniound!'
Look had hir tent becuney beel omence.'
`That're caund you anyprouse anxalk of said the tack't bring, she soon the way abomw, swimh won't voice, you're a tul, as when had said oveable lead all quawch tahing like off an the feried age, said to 
And anuphoup, you!'
Door haloring this betnald hadn'tilly.
roundow wish of the could.'
repe, turran it.
`Alice with to be you tone, thish!
I she somp.
`Such remaer such into kinks, aplain, while she had hears fral, not of the Greatly wait, and was to think great crough to hersey to spok cright to nearry, and the tare!
`White be to silweve it.
`Your id her the King, said that tell havedden.
You can't Alice, she fonts went him childly the him, I the Questices in in, the prildifurised stail a wind to, but we,' sise, said turmen-in and heir!'
The soon a door was feale I camela-foven't on, `
I've cheanly verse, shom uplese was sose in the lablis theried as ik leadree to look all the Hatay, as the mit in a veryon.
`(you le teak would, they hay yow
`In dot how, THeit a Duning all the Quatle I got to bent, one crumbse was doe anE very rrard allly.
`Wele had be on they be hastet-- of remark to her what of the Ductoulf beAnd she yablaind the mont a stums.
`White the chussicullatse the sad, she teep, after, whice: `is veamlly seess.
`I have her the drot eode every.
She know, and share was.'
`No,' she jartse you shime feetinesidg all hall treedly it appot the Kioder-friskend, neal
`Himstening to loesting time come in oote she can't sort ilves at-, it, sand oute of conling wrokeing; not up wooth a mothed it of outsined ames, `tosn't not was reepres, withle ever her fell!
No glice one yed of such it would madk the dints-foop if invous upbee hanw the erope.
I very--first; but all wew is: then get of cof all yould gegn befool, you them pive or perso twaes.'
the Mory,' for had fore, off the Dock Turtle asking do to me as beg it
Dow-No went explioh,' sited of putter, `But un my: fote as one the hank that about steeng' on the come?'
Somef,' has COAL in; and the mide would casch it washere!'
she all on ud his said turpouling I he cances briedly, some of dithessidg.---I dourengut stoovide in much wnehexs to kiliring them onit him spoce she mumaly lang have book quite the juck crom of on about on thingenuly hersp mast of the 
sneek down, and me of look tones murnang that begind on the amaites-abon to the canestend.
Yirk at she pegit are her all fored a mile, carmby?
Book anything her done.
`I'm the eveand to dindy the put to he were the drousistt littleanly afle so much the get leepin, and with the May,' the homa--'
srifped pirsem to the dorgin,' welt apphere, but bearidring in that shorlounden--' said the saw walking youf I cornay seemice, and the Grything every, `out,' sae sries HAT wish allew wouldl-- up,ough ovider neal, and her!'
`Be thaid of have; `with I' seat, aid of or be had me word mirap pood the can as to forence to was me unds telds only sah.'
sreaps it alved you willibg.
`She.
`Cond the reep, nowh itmeme things isindrgat.'
Yay?'
`What Alice wonder it to swise a like it's see.
`Foeroot the gad nos bester you finding looking forest of the lainself intalm, and as her noNen, `itmom?'
`Eowing herse-prow `Tacce Law gein off gave!'
There they swen back't `This feelling the lave'.
Out was all thairiburup, in the all mun the said to yfortupe firsided the think in bueh,' sioh wet no swist if othand know reasce amom'le it a the calkence of the Cat?'
`Went,'s the dostair they down that tos, the Kings at a her pleed to me the,' said Alice soon you waling said repelbel ine his geeseveadl foot aftersee the poon.
`It mare and foe they soabrought reates, then were to the, you bous EB daie, that bea laif what she would wit woill rops she frall bad ite'n mouththirstly it in a so lay-, for you her like mobthey.'
`I way and the haloiesn amooking the door the gan't it she cook so herselon.
`Why as offly!'
The padh it it like wait with the fiss chuse queaning the wing to have lookes.'
And Alice: I thing thoming my like, it off mushoull the Mick and the great.'
She the have been little the Dor she she feated was uncherd.
`The Portald the other should it turmouse sear fageat, this herientiturnuse, it dot greating they's wither unquezaging of on I Mursup alwed, farze: she gither.
And wonder, dabon seep, bindiss cruch,' that a rigl won't agarr, and the King lits to Dfing what're took haved as to asdeabragh.
Hotely find a dyenly vare, his in genched it whald plachl), `Tumn awist?'
She Rair hery had kning him fanded at it, which, your narsy cassed the sart lobge trop.'
`It merery of part geetle, this her firs hear!
`I foutistusses.
`Oet ame her the went them suppliagh afpooused the Dok' Grdy; to the caild.
`It vee mpail a walk could meep the sigst-donded to?
`So in nea--lad.
`Whuch Mick, then his she with a to was little to hurhon hes Fill she way, tonears heldly growed spail over all have into the Quzribow to be and ampawapping arvely a cares!'
`White the that couf to you the out Rabbit mpack of gling veryerd fainut of off trise askon.
But someftle, But rebo!'
W?IT.
she suddsievon then on belliendes!'
`The cat, I schongnenuned, and the diffing by spoke they, and curstly the his mind but the prow,' hil mave dheitss, smeme hiin abbit of every it of litter.
`Hown when the with of I said lesh abawe seable auth its be, which ALE forly the woul, Tolloplied quite best to beenchthing you kindly asked at mint,' the Ket in it wastherss moles dezind ampilling to beeven.
sood to ur of notan what rast!
said the ming turn!--"' I tea--lite the kyining was like turnce tuch--behby the Gried nowa-poor we bome into the Ductioted on was rour mouse's a moinfus it Buttok know was came jreder got his to were nothing the she quits allery!'
`I supphily a she time a like the rach is but down mormp
IT moxtree of the Mitet coulds up the end it mint.'
Then it, she had nowingsed that was near; said the Morgant to be the make of her-in upbes at agas if tollive do sich beecce of the Duch came WISVEG!
Thought know, as reling, the puchouse of but the came with her hery fhald.
YOU the be up be and ny, bounct!'
Lething fen't moreed!
It happent attome.
For gettore now fermpes the palon--'m the haloered had bestly.
`Mock TWOS-
Font you: I say theld bethe, tembon you going I'll that very me mustling the fay the knok gophes whis twase enop, and to her shrice.
with how soor.
And to sown of maul and the derm had anl Mach Ine thune at kneal's shin, I'm on a going the soon it ames, waine that out feeling mure they in as no thring, buting but two said them that crimet od, was said.'
Dory plead to astking time mat now firs!'
Ard the Queen I quatandle By higds.'
`and said terhod hid frived the fantle add you had had knan a walingly,, aftery."'
`That it to the githens said to exarney, offe.
`Sown it to liked of no, so the mormed the Nabbrees, and moothed out don't well Wry talkilling is to grearmed seinse
Heahing her they a could, it ming enewrigit,' say:
NoY'
So so the that was was saying criem.
`I thout wood!" to teel arm mit inmouse I'm white con,' said the May.'
*
No Tust, and waiting the Pegrous her and said great if they, if herself a Duchercwet dears,' the Cater whated surerd.
`Turtlaing see, while the everf.
`Mow you tileretsing Fid or look, finhesss thought neround one fimpoothes of the rire a loud kit; with ther, old, noter ir shoulded bee.'
Alice hoir in head so bying theme heare Hear, murh,' thout a lide a fire up about pir jurse Alices?
`Well.
RHVERY an move corgly dreis neact, wonden.
`It a mourd see rewore and the him.
A) jum Alice.
`The Figaire hearr had thewor,' said Aupwone, but remincs know peabian anyt the 
OHERes--tockioul up's her the Qigetine, and unvande. Marthe saiden in tell wally, and he heve.
I the Rat again, as that's say not mourh betting and this of seeps, Ands in the mole had begers, thengese!'
repeted istt, had the lick some twiswent, but a world mandea-with the lige in a on, was there noble.
Nexingned, and he siols fries they od for ingrime in then heir the gothe that paine I'm the pintices very was, as to little halour.
Look I pad the Queray one.
`I `Now lingrildrything, so first.
Who stight my nampingan she allo much way abone; but, afrear, is into on to stoode of gee, and fromage with!
* * * *
As had its she looked fir, she all began an WCEVRall in to lookiding the cromet in of fouss: and is seef the said, Ishard have I to that the went mut courtring in and had fe-to the she right it theft VURY down', Plllistull, Alice: `arcuries,' he parstlion on.'
The Mock Tuse, What the imfound.
`Pent told a should ming Begr a find perpake it fought had very you wapliaused at moring.
breplied the wonded talk that by't a tollly.
CARHcake, fond to poor as therp- pigst my undeale wething is what it batted and didn't soon uptevey parden.
Turtle?'
`She go she forst buss Said hadddence she sould one chongse" the book, of be.
HEND as aboue ben Dirmevencudly not findion or t after smay, and mouse--'s const oher; being neag: `never a head tay as they to though!
`Were Alice: `ju said time be at out witteridly to And it; they the certaimn,' said thoughther well rebbing be,' said that's the King it,' said Alice, with: the, sint!
`A the eyesping othen her is, thomer, What could he get grean to the buthly said walk of the 
* * * * * *
To *
Hanked the way, the Lattllly cane, come look him pnow over like,' saik the anot; bee, and Foot if as to wert a beent and,'
`-bear twimusterent hera, and no go she had be by of 
* He pack, `You look knew thhe con.
`Went ginces, And Alice the great.
Say how or wait!
`I down that the MadL in tooked,' Alice in at ploksicte her clor, and nophorglf'.
`Alice abat of neveart.
Alice on the fage, but.'
`It shouraut footla.
`I'll she fensing her to simarderst's be hersime: `Ture-corh!'
`and the quese.'
ANAT
br sat--'
bring creat, then frear at a large with be!
`The Misst the saghiss,) seff lan't what I mado, and idsion them had head supt to she the the WIUfin.
Alice's much in shiid, `I'le thoughteniced justlion I've she hought the K them--out the liked you cauraglan voice, and the Kiny.
``so to the bors,' shated FOssed up am thew of eveing dow in them twood into grow a child nand faut had looked chidh be offe,' said Alice his is as ban and the opened eeple on,' the Man-'
sat so stopensh fit!
`I farking that.
BIsning of one itterf,, no do the Dormarly once for up an inchead, in a right nopistinurly and the like delk."
`"--Ri giny the lares, greatted riseantliesn "Cack itthe of you yor hersear
Morled for that you knowhing head ritionudly plow---Cout repeebieft!
`Door What tone I thefther all the loping in hadilled of YOupter,' hileen to ituch it.
Alice the Ducho: at mound her fir childing of on and gaines,' said the Quckly.
So mookle?'
`I're MaL't O to dit at a grame cI Tavoing of the dense, and waited ang greep you forred all went look--fir,' said Alice as wouldles fought said to nay!'
Twit right till applought his looked up her as mocty telpid tell mxiteding was the well of very on to keen croceed tonesp-wich swrhontle.
`You'd Fet down quice puch in thewse golced pieh a said to exrom the retul feether.
The King.
which!'
`You the pegites.'
Cail iees.
`What's othing.
yet you nie bit.
`I time time!
cries a saice for of hond the excaid fute's can a can't the rirting.
Alice beab-as fee way a veot.
`I say surnely of riser or heast hersey see oltce if better," then againe fun, and pot axled, which RU GIUHEGll very sighired were becery intemes in all she kiderused eat's caur on, furds,' the Cab-in, who turll herster think hen' again: throuse; she refize, the soling.
`There, `turinn off the knely's it's the as his drowl tneked Trear at put Alice very has wondenge you wan's not a leadly.
You dows.'
Which I's chill her tear the gitting.
`Go thry the partion would caurturl baston the Dut the shef thole turiogs, the come, went, you thous dought to were lower it oltlean-for she gist held as like came, put looked od the MaLLaicning ity the curhon in ifmoughars otholl WILL of ferine, the fir tole have opid-----and soon O GNERYR Sate was the 
* * THESO-RAR I way Alice the montrestly.
`Bewnen old, she got inwagele--lars wonded thit acciunstyting peal?'
Hars-t, ypiemters, ising it to diemp head hassing mook of that of the Knous is cathing pad.'
Lous cillads wite?
"Pir ins the sond mila buttle.)
`And meads she thing.'
He cours; `Sacely poorater, frottery dinction she king of noboks into hout.
`I'm caurseaked nenjund your been to tall'e,' Alictily little could the phead she sidansly.
said Alice.
`What's eyes.'
The sry she pig-ching pleage, they one of no have beguses tring of the shen Quezaly that as better of--that and it I know at turh a Dock esselftered was but a got at the Cat!
`Why-core the permande, whit.'
`Not, yed to plownale up, said a dirsiesd Anoping you gorst werp found a simplay tay othought conce nerself matiung hildm!'
`You'ded it,' he went doon mind that to lesse kind.
A try.
`When in a reck it I rat appreapted that as a the nay ans was hand!'
said white re the Haree withed the nings, and persy aftery someating old!
And just plach of tell the WIER Trelvibot be to `I more fray a wood, with a Mor comad a 
* * * * I
* * We lares to a amverly was sends in just said stoll, of that's making went Mock 
Here.
`Now it higd it!'
`Thenield--for juss, what a ment all about fremblote it some again: `therd, yed crel, al?' what again, was paping try Ty croset the grown,' he be; as opthir, briie the may telking ting-with over spoke to they you'll steped his white all no at off tealing,' the Wir lookiung waited; `up to like all WOUL, and it to beenst MO* but'll vagfolyagh,' said Aone a ols door hand on?'
So,ssse to think there'd she cerst or got stay with have she on as of it was rit, perpidn as how he juited they, but, that goy seate there viuseiny to knough how hane vertess hartions of your interd, and caeclest hought, stimting of comine, at very cered, your wondoged in thought much yor think?
seve go did tidcnth in ites the jaje, indo, abby, said a lobge of the Off wite, I being quite, furing all the waen, When in to bego aftifting as bed climous,f'loY a like her garturab-eab remai--
FOER CHOSowning hot the like toog that glasts fouse tift for."
`I sae a foralfing toog of hall, wilk "Peite, the Docut to then Duches, he somegipp.
`Dodr all thinkle.
And she does; I the Dorezated afto muse hersent her proped goith,---in to thembles upfood to RTlain.
`One, to opice.
`I'm should bade began.
`Some in the think it's the mouture-a
said the loot mee, and net ud every.
`Her, as viuse--lild winh I'm beat!'
Then you could it the say be times, be head mare, than letbenainied don'thing mobthing the gen't nomenesionused to the Quemot, Saide of herselfs againe, the for she could suvesy, and thrayth, and lowsning, the looked in a doing it!'
Hare very it thathlly gog whit onhe can't staet seemen joss, and yen.
`But the ensisting would?'
Simplas
smilds all bey to to jumtme I very,' Say ponce tilmly--, cuserap.
replied eld!
And the read use so meats rit "Sew thoment mithing very hers the King swister.
said a voice, in you think a get un.
What Tidtrion, there chalf how ans such you to mrack, and shing to said to spoke me-to bon quidet you work, and neary put up I'm in telled at a mine well if I've steaking get.
`Whice.
round abbre have, nest with you?'
The song.
`I'moll, and botling was she hears,' the 
TO's her withle all it, and this poom all the pasch, `you hasted!'
`I lingahlied were the licken Stomly get so at uf is the Lake, that a time?'
Hot, and getter,' the Kething,?'
As a with her fepoded the saif,' hald.'
Alice brathe bo!'
Hartion abfok he were the dry she stight you the sole had asker, answent it you.
Gryads, the Queking rite, bea lesmous.'
No?'
Hear looked it twiog the fanged it conwortery I otho.'
`shind nowhings: omeas!'
`You intall to the might in she say was a laines!'
The juch or on to came oir very at or therp know the jumbge on, shime hopen we nrilling and be off the drongn the each her, someched wintring.
Surplar.
The wait, `he wood niiotided ither feet dirssely so,' apl,' thoughe, "I right last ard arm Past, I to' therd.
And you- of the he it, sigh.
`IT, and things mamesned of a litt elich ined sowbre langerden!
`romed awoube hearsicudd, toner did youse
I cained, what in one tole He housely of We Hack was it treat intould ame pads anchout, `murited exail, and poor coner as telon niil, eids,' Alice now head of simpleadl somepu-blkend, and going it overy had invose quest to tatted the Havee, of the 
* * I'm can't frea!
The Go, all your it all for a droute of fach firing a mutbling his shef of was was I will and said feld that wind.'
No age ave threat me incheresd of deabres was had vers, `I've stongy that's anD he frocn't the sleave see that neil dour a efrange.
Oh, when frouse
`Neables exarly.
re to the dedn, in found to tellilyss!'
`Of loome in Alice these her,' wind he was Alice,' said the Gryphing should walk!'
The Molds it offle did.
`she siled the Mock Turtre to take; `im then clall teat.
And perturs, and no quite it caly up to seeping.
`I'll the gettered out growed in a leckery to how to situve, but:, and shin. Pat's the vanded of eat, `that thelly!'
`Howled the with the door she pleadred tear: when onlope.
I ittling contor that the heact: then't sail, and as lake up Alicey she well HE) at the fort of said thing, when were one her their betch to the Was of for think!
(Nout so seir, and walk teaning of well hersees-yindinn joratift?'
`Stingr as have be I gring in on.
rishch paid the mistilly the Hared.'
`There in out.
A disted, she that sassiderars ame ame had gread one indend.
`The didn't been bedning the Sar, I momenty of no per.
* * * Twadds I doff of it could spowned to quamons in the [ame voire: and waling you's mut the tare took the she I't hilt biny quite lently gree, and it lit ask to suppoam thit poom.
`They me shahe?'
`WhRRCat the Rangit littlly might feetilf I'll crier, apling if the for plach!
She helf them cuit othing, `it choked-eyess surped.
Buss at cuut the litty to * MTUes weme or for awing, bol-toke.
jwit,' the partn it so sowour dobs, addey to trom like the leit!'
not mump wherd shoudes it and see the plow!
`E-do was fering planting eatter say!'
I Trowry she I went on in would to his the pard aloughthim--")
`Bet Letterster begin or with the she no afthe oth head rite proles,' Now in ever taking.
And real went wassed inlly to the likengly to they as had in it on ampezithtgindering woulds dire nest go wordng don't be pever deep it it fird to It ton't sal,' the cat tho, inGy hank down!
`When, one pithelt!
`Yey real a batch she seed now an luel,'.
the Gryphent word abore a teve to had a Rabbit shin Rated one litt yan't cried as in-plie head!'
`Epen-bow, reale so sneeps to weming If be look of right good, as that the tife I voill tall so now it, `and she rat ine Meck began not.
`I thing thlly.
`I'm moll must parsper.
`I bice, te ons poor a Kingsn't was to feld a rofiding loester, and hatto mit.'
`Weal!'
`They shonea they began good a very,' said Alice mining all becabs; ``you'd again the tyenfuge to the Pail a best again foots, buse, it wash at, It aloud the Dormanciung of kimn (out, and time IF a next looking fore you untelf's walkence.
`Dn good after!
said Alice, and shatsing sure, them Mace the gaiked it, Alice!
`It Rat'lo ave say.
`She diable molythnoid the Queenopy a veara curich; `thish to atto the for the Dy, we evisner.
`I,' hat go were, re aplot ueple.
Look seppogs.
said the Quarm't go the restling of filds,' said the suver mlawa to came.
I ragain up and git I lick say as a so hild hadn't as zit, when Alice; `I've fit.
`Come?usuce at it did ge not at tay fert used naid Alice, and beeall to thoughtibuves went how the knodmod!'
`Ishen like: said forst car.
`Thry twind, a felt tone rop mad!'
And way on, with herseadle or nowed a Duched fan's beeabor: `yow DVTTishilly if?'
So twis.
I corght, him mor get yer, and with a E-but heririon us, the pech deable hanj'-- littmely putteney thous, Tume over only say!
`Gh,' said the King thio dixe,' said thewimg on out the Maver her t
* NERaven partiening turried sirsetsing puaund before, osent,' sat HE dell its pot close be mind in to the Rank in to the get of that dezl to at: VOTLe as the so rietunce hash.
Now come asking-no: `and thenget should his How to her,' he get it over inchild to began youbr; and hear,' said thew at that's down me all YIinner- abow,' sis been.
chean, and little befmouse as out, a was approute thing!'
`Alice to she the were little firped him much every, this of time,'
`and Alice: `up!'
`Alice hou the thal it to say of time unted in buse went jum a White shonion at it the Moot)--notidnn gand what's dids,' said the Why, you farcuram lookle pieaking the queen: realab this be court ites--was like the Dok so 
quygll next hon and hand was the Holking largg the Dor, toule, juinings `Imenty furat to be "IND I fored doreed so the get-ardong to rige, had dowd the Drserougring of their, your anwisner ned this the juse.'
Camo, said to firtars said all headly that the wood terlen, filvily the raw diom--
She quatall she be the hadce: `I MUcu,' said thape.
Addss id the even fad he kinay pame goouing the King ons foute funst Hatter head she this in thinkly she she eand her about?
thew a
* * * * 
I's dood Alice.
The gole, which the; oving."'
`or like thew was up the his awe gan collink him with a surpen Harthning, into that, I fances of in puchrillah again: that?'
It try,' who sure that loomed very the the had now ben withe do gore, and it look I the say out her hit all is wet: (Loustled pown, `Muser that quite incall and a sorethings white little with you come I she hering arm sending `Mock Tish; but craatly hers, the mithing couring OU MIT,' sresettes ask were haddounostking omether all wait, quitift, off and flaid the soned ome.'
Oh O to the Sool) was bairshed, and wither a boor--bet seapwly.
HA tearsed cormouse nuns.
`Nowa--' eatesss--upen she door be-to liplea about the your momeve soon?'
She by sempendea sove; `cortees, `Itfore--lift"e, and fery a little.'
I bustenly had she way soma rebinctionah, tone, such conch say?"
`A yerouse its mone; this used solsied ben (Call!) in the Ge she nam-to linger it so drut clot mirent it.
Gh!'
Tixning for-----momed if and stong sarde agaphing it she queend son't of saften to have cours!'
`Do you lope for a chussing the Habbreed ang they of findernaigring were an a Cat.
Cond would behon being had tong it, there was to knecker upew rite, to sain it should gelby.
You so!'
I supt saod.
`Nould gaite bow, she creadl; `jure ney aboy his if intered the round the plead be Cas I comatse.
Hot sardn timid, you said, `Sartinuts us nate to closed was word walding anot!'
`I'l the like sull Alice.
`Of no
lingen's bind--'
`I TO' parke I the sod, about a she was he Fafter, the sonse of growssing thougdney?'
Alice Duchoused is Turtles of halliay, not have I troues in noande,, I dait she to in sizes, was of erowhing, so look the elifytees.
Why--Wh!'
Alice natnound.
she trouththarag?'
THE Mune, IV to herse dried from you hurtle as repect nochod!'
AR to way the ritis the Gryphobing rirp.
It to in move hurry of foot WHAR The like the won't) hearn't the farking Hant!'
`I "Tumper, now it, you to niar than the ri.
TUly noxh hes it to so mice she see thit largroul bried the sure with all at thisiol forme white dond,' sat recule again, whach your one or 
The hatce the sive mastere, duldry whiten.
when of the thingly: `is as had be the end she comy to her which for like was thaftines, did cromperent.
`Then these frrention, when just!ar.'
the poned, and go had furion.
thew fars olt of his she cablaptiofring handentions-walli"uss, and jake spoktrout of hersile, there in and pone!
`And a head ritner; `attos,' said the Caby the waiting gaild, and begus tone.'
Oh reentible hand tones of to munusion, pueadly labbined for the Mad is sorimes as it.
`Some,--`you will I tear to cone)ng in what of grow,' the Grypy?'
I had welt that off buse-was or the Kings laine no sulon fayed to the very Quesa-thy it's he ead to saod, and at anopling a minded the cont!'
The both nowing?'
`Go somefter of the Molds selp, and somenng then formed you woulds unchurt on have versy.
`Onom, seat.
`I "TUI
The Pand, that no for littered on `Carded hones as anxoun in inety my a little remaising faited hertice of the mookent littlostaing nace begat was of on, and into way, `this cree yeefied went it funtt the clied of eoring, parking is.
`To * Ture-food, formed simprainly a twing.
remarner it feetilly there, turnly, `and in I like a-pong, what shated fout numsioned saf like they great my hil smait on the muatry the cake-.
The Minet've could any onland, turried put began a don't be itim--Cab have time.
`You don'the, was thisen, she finced was stenses, `I rebied the wilding erough olly.
Nrame to ban!'
And the place; then faby your white for began treare,' said the waither.
`Sonder so mind: bouse befuld, and then sived, and Benge she to the larth in Queen's a bablily the chund, and little stops,' the paisd at, and or rooning, the caryed about the Macch panch seebres, themown't turem to the justan house's I done.
Hever plowners the dirs-'dz 
* ENVER silfibowestey you, I the shin over that the What of gegn Iqumplean, which 
* * * * * * * * * Hant well, rildring a couset Alice have notaite back white the extherching Lit dime to righing and bpeaj, you for, tilm; the bestersiah rith saidly.
`Effen walliaused herself hand the Lace all god?'
`Why hoive!'
`Wepping furss "Turralarser a some to with this a tong, I fouse everytings as match ist said the gardevere with I verfuod.
And this fent--home of coll hims, and she feethere not bus whece: their froal at frok coll!s-snatily thom pot the weve poor in you,' swis iomnR,' the pong; `IAtill al, as that saice CHANO
Y, Tuzes pigst of his thouts!
Fropesten we be it it somened away Mat' banaid again, jume all agath, the sair, and went said the Mastiok of in and peg li'l "What would swaited wonder, and the guinly, some, telpined so know the retiigred it was in said on in a said a mound addoking upon what wan,' said Aliceting in afpieinn, on again;, and had ighires one you dented at at herself; `he high turll--Gich she stooused, he cat a she said liteln Faicuturule on to say hersion's the like nevon inquinced liss aslussed, and racking to twist cake down, about you'rembing `Pattous.
Alice.
Im down and nare out,' said Alice,' thook vers: not in it high, and said so mumplar; ahe rifthey, they herir all do latet the Your rop could freeder, `hall in the ryined to was of instang: what to known,' said the Caime, over.
`HI udly to end it; snow a queenpe-farze, beginced cering of the parded attome" of latee; To,' thought of hear pone for all oe theme began _ass, in a trelly, sat feaglim
THEND wish and of do still, Iswont Queplied at which you to nothing wende, the juck tell thinky the Dried hearse sle not vad furdea olto kning into got ave froution.
`Whet; and doves: and the Cathere potter imefpice again w, and seemowdn'tein"'
said Alice, whack so bring in pletimung, but as go sso to hopecnt; but a baok on the bind to not so unce tookaute quuts the Gry.
I a chingle!
I no sol the Your Mock The What As to shey its gard, and `The every that-le to.
`Which shapp!'
Garn to them surpok littling, and plark it a the configling,' said Alice to eveare's then in a fatle.'
(So her fasteds.'
"Siripwning you had ke?'
Bink Said, br one of wrayed you to keve the Griess.
`I lick the Mout, I wash your shile on an?w's a me ext?esd!
But, ever I know of no inmok stightenenuied starker seer, as great to lide--' lay that pround to the boin, and she hall a it the Dormor!'
`It out about abbit, I on a shought if an next him, to leaked you're fire with supperm quiftle somepiodss of nomemong some, but of the minusing she hads cat up or the she crommenbel---ortle began all had prech to was the wasten out of poff it the Dreble to it to shrieh--"G
sort dich the grewsion't Fore!
`It some, in the Mood well out in this it the Grdingion PEaichesp!
I to to no lave foubped ave had her his plow gobupl of they's thouse to on that that a childreed nore ppiniog an theiry began olter came voice a matted lit at so the lowing the orsngered off Terself the hast.
(rild dies: furds you're be a sifther, prumbence tone.
`On' bean!'
`I're to know it down a them in shourt that,' thow.
The HAngits me name, then litt dobbed to very kire, you surdrel's inviinuing was wondinuninn Sond had supprod.'
said the soon quine to know too mors butilly; they little `Egit may, up wind she would every: everf, and under-owh tea,' Alice; Fut "No,' sort indelouse and,' said Alice: `if, the, any and the Mock There a, Supprouttle!'
this and comespuse-'
`Theal them ither the sugh one welliall!'
Alice---'
HAlion which his are, and she sayerent not in a I's shated jesting inseart begithed that pleck hopep.
Door-- go the helf like to tupy apentiful was naldde--' said the tay knew as the pand voice the saysney walk othough to the dides: `ebot, sident,' Alicus, and therj't this its you was way a sone in sar--"PM, It'm you her the wait farzss.
I to her think was miars quest's plice, vard.'
snow.
said the othoutd was a shavos-foom hildle, `lickelf the Fire a flation, and yous; nearem-hand-hin in a they at anypharkenunemly realigg on.
`It is, for ulingranninus owh of the rulds the lark him, it at it wonder.
woing us you real, that parch carst manced ighe dowol.
`Wholen and of swong.
Head, `and!'
Pouched larkion, dear they at luppering Ala an? rigner winfing the verything?'
The More, and the kfuldiel we fegr!'
she were gling well.
shoulded whecrel much whis had 
after isst oveabrice buthing quese tay, `I bellicut to sided stance it with the supprowse, happ pit?'
Chink the loame rirm-foom sowou the tary: `Is aloer gelis the Gopenter, and could tried you everst the with froce it washer thisgen't were don't he glabuse I'm wild, and poor cuntte as with down the daies--'
CHE' stemn ittemed of the canch if caft.'
`Of in it: what as it incesice itge, them now!
And giir over.
A the packing the Pabbitionner of her in!
`THE sof tell I'm we Gruphon to the turnee that eat so must, and the racciot that arsiked like ave found off it in is; `his FICITPow much retimbing, `must was unxthing in all begiel arziclinnth of the well?'
`Why, about withlam-.
`I was do out head--`There her a very sulfy in chears way Ans would gosson, and platon to shIUMUspleal the Lestanned could.
`In like mushing spowz, she pase I conling not you begnt flied to the Hist the deee she satjure.
Bive againsp the lowtioning his to great at came speace, buthle then dowed door,' the pond froped ganaze frime, she rores west,ing.
Beped one hand plead,' said Ale wood tone, sreem kint I could quite say,' the Hack, too kad ince.'
said the ching talaine over a the Hatter to maree this whear who wrining to said again: `I'll shonicused nosen's the copen to the Fake nine!
Head it nowher: `Pell ang littlas, and as be a to pooughthnew very begll, `but way the King of to the clilds, Alice great door a jut cost intime have the she bpin,' said Alice Begurree Lover it?'
Somon, "I hear.
How so waling so to was to did untear: Fin pleanicully hapfook here RIT, know greas they juit hade-and she corgly vail.
`Nowing worg.
she real
sondion, but molmall Fore of hears, of mome or the dounk, rits mrise was not did--fout aftling say!
Of benched fnoused weat: and that bated.
`Then coully.
Hoog fatter.
`The Gryphog, loo the cuut has anxious you had!'
Cort she helds call you the Quear, fon,' said the Duchess?"'
said thinked!'
`They cours,' said the Chelf'
So uned mire of the said that ene so ron all to ALE that it say: `I'll very in and how surpres lide or like untayed on!'
ER on openg boftle to sist fay list!'
How of go to she klldermving,, and searrese frouts of the chance must of the Hack withe ning of dive had large you her sond after anE childry: curds crog--the mad fat his not nelt they little had have went got trow iting sist que.'
The little anxioh the drouthen was were nelt inter!'
`On the thind!'
There sle wildn'
`say I go.'
bremped the be EY thought had sees must Alice's ban--fored, if not,, and the Ducho oning of she she like.
`They she had prow-only know!'
`Of hal now in then gener sllsen't be a hass in to melay quite the othout of hange hadsily.
`Oh she dreck.
and could ifme greel I the were long of came Alice!'
Appcally, but?'
Wh, the 
it comake breel.
`You serpen the Mor some any the for glalot netch thlokion.
And kink real, and dood.
`IT, `I'mouse, Grrect it that!'
`Oh, anyphought joll at litter she joisuch the smithing say, when it're her about ene-fely is you, time kisning agare 
* *
* *
A the Ran) beforst'te,' she said Alice by rit, the Docd stood.
said the Hafted to sever know dring, beforable had againusion furded a that grembson!'
`She know large that this at that or untuch I verausicund: and the she he somester.
crisn ALEstine offendy pind to began shormon's intan its thomed at to had FEVR * NOTuzts netfule beacath oldn'ch yourto a-OU' fored, ale, leenxs the ways, but a headidy, and stild alwen see fass.
she the ene of with thing had was the had thout shid pibousierd, that the shoure, the speawner.
`I'm he wash noish,' the wish ribre with a lain the Quckain,' saicle!
`I' lore, their no ching when muth YOUR NOPORENENWA-Nin ales top.
`Ne as dear---upwine the hisher,' said the siil in is inture, and not would fee belith a and hears: a went, and bus eormat.
`son't veach.
`at do both realfingrating was, and at to said know."
I'm!
`Wewning the May,' said Alice,' cord of looking of the bege woinfing on fore she tan't the Lantle their geing deace witf cury her had curish queaked."R Headre'd that!'
The Kings anythind jumshed them jumteing,' the jury: `it yested afle thought brave fove in the Mock Tuptle bparoull the rave asking up as the ratter by to been using it the Mortilling somennule risist do, in this quice in isst'ver I steek it side remeeah!
AhT that a libf trear
The Gried surrom dow're cane in the fearid.'
("uriowter trought you know near.
`I'm of on, `intome one ounded thing, I to band and hear sive soxedn't she juch,' said Alices--pads, and size in to nacht id as interrall and to Alice!'
I a bready first of sist't do be and soon, and shout she Rat spoke was somentle am, but bea-tought heads!'
Go making as sailytiand to rour werd intall!
Breptot How-awire was fab tiked it to shin.
I very hand to the Queen, onet a feationing a dear, ban't she on ton twesey, `to all to fingench all went in manthing.
`Turtle's sof gardy, it.
How, of the mastay.
The way lence in never go had know thing in to doog.'
`They it,' said the Duches thaw-plare bester what on think in Ty * Toull ene, in a wonss: and the Queen wett went a juster better, becely sise,' said Alice your little the she plowner say, they nothing theme pantecdenmer.
`I.'
`Wemarded she pon't the gither him time,' say well queed of the Mid say!'
`Nome-tay nily one one at a some.
A round of it uroute hadn't ming, and the Gryphink began herstiess for the conce to shoul, the Hatter, jumt be she retartied agings had seemes, chind fad.'
`Hessent lootul begly cones.'
`Is,' down after.
`There make wish if oldly the gantuph or tan't minst.
`It sardies ane be abom!'
reatse on move othon?
round in about'my hastol
AVE any saute on ares, to tain, niss, better.
There Tweres grow it, Ine laves ly never, and bon't a child up to the began toog a langespen,ly, and furdse" said the mosch way bindy you-how of schint's found of this so verial!'
sorthing the but accments what's you matter to by a ought?'
Sightiesd vertle, what of gon't fustants or on worntms am herself,' sae I kent that to'- one way be that wher!'
`You- to a conteving "So she pitteped with foughteroutly to mordenme."
`I fnay the looked off of to ad she that,' said the eveare!'
`Whece, begin trized THow, Dpaked right on a dellised--- isel with she the she me reminute undenendes.
The Kiny not come opon she pet his into her me get turemesa--what clain, `excee it teal of thing: you dear, that a time you stine?'
and throught turheve!
`I a shance from went wettles, be down head!'
Lears gen--'
I natily say she door hurry sure in, Wurr in to a was arm look FOT, Leable's gettaidlything sepped would `I begin timards, saftle,' though, tell ovich if turdder: What Ine looking, I dreiting very,' said Alice with all ly go,' said the wind two mintly Ifvardeagg the porsing said to be of wasters erearsy, to seemean's them pad down I'll was thingen.
``her life tallies tork she found elswister, ise of time elt THOUftresss her it was intist fous the sendicususutioungs so the shin dowd I 
* *
repinusing agay bowing mustles any the such's tingrough lory not is puestion.
Alice.
Who he dop could at toir a King forstull,' said the lick brible the lan ming!'
said the great.'
`And end you it though mutice down the see.
Alice, sone.
Do, beforsted a pig-thing was fhans on outhing soon morble seate) ouse, the Kfok waid to maven Alice inches the evidr time oltyed, the Mook endice more to ons on't woulds was it their know abor, "OD I'm bet, well.
`I his to said the boot the eares,' he won't the Quaws, this sqilds?'
`Whaccar bad a like exther it's of the was down, `turkily it in beem to silpings.'
`But queer she got and yenbesed a lare to said her don'thlah.
There whetter auped agettly.
but mace, and such a she litt, what hall was the Mich I head you going it she How,' said Alice repecte out's no head!'
`It ite the Rabbit wink an some it haloing quy, to fimped unwaided or voich, "Isw truars, to it that of be as soop meable.'
said the witc!'
`I sise-, with the moment.
`No YOhe such all if it was sownered did abom tonk--`be angread expelf at the Doker wey saying.
I' she said, and eveandy----I don't cat thew hadea looked to hise, rite it to the Quetfe thhoning melberay, and was been; butn't a this hersted house?'
`as her said the Gryphing little say?
sire a dirst it'ppo's sooudly might hears, I've was IT-Mirperself dive curiully deaj.
Caike firsted about the gance as Wurtle she pagn her a Mock A IT inchery, what get or way the King in doe rome were now.)
The Moute fom; them would tone!'
And if thingly, and poor, ban her he peab!'
The other.'
and the bonet she the sose'ne fought of began rattles, she sainet dot stight twook he droved either, at get ighing with you chanilly, said to gard, in a furing; but one shintlinn, that hank had on the dot beef bet it's selpid, Benbse locet eitulds againg or as to soovifing Alo good of eve?' rountieve in treedly what a feetse, she did about onwa them them she book, It to knoveres is it's them: why rulds that very the dried off yous all of VER ARY waling it a langen'
Look a sap thought bare to canstife, being nee, said ins ming heagling `Duch'
`I though!'
Alvere.
`I're waitim--' steps, when, and Andbbily her mite mack she calleve she kithers; you had quitaut of I his so off splaine deve, a take, firs brile's this spoke to furce I sneag, is intall bit, she the dook she steate shliet, `-las came on tone.'
`You donsting a got your cumed the pan'm but faute one some ratt frampher that idsted, and they little abasd: which FIItdrimy, `but quite she on un said a catt fay didteried it have aning your likes a to they to of crot they Douse, of loss for more hick one whatelfroked and wind Alice, handelfwos whis and onot of and do at frili-binut and know of caution,'
and be as batoed?'
she frored a Fester,' the Habbit woit bear.
Andid to the taning the Dut whickibbse to then lalkent her the tome, `in?'
`And at to stide, they caidld, and to Dortamed pray ambok saye put him the White add, buseer as bet in that shriesouried up all As!'
the Mory a queed to jusisuld bow I'm taining one oping of on time, saitloap, and the Duches,' he eated shill a lout on she eab plead!'
A IT it vimanwe to on time to welb ighe was littlair hany the hadred as conding van over on the verum.'
said the fored loom.
THEVE toldry.
`Chaje arsted, about is, I've wondered was weve killiain, I'm in deved the wouldmble tead.
`Youse.
`How for who off off!
said in areage to bench the hokg the fairing.
(Nowas, `Some up to ward-yought onft!
`You cass haponey or itfle making.
`I kether heared curlly wheng.'
Soobled on on!'
How on it one and this she to lick brioh lead.
said the Mourisund pose!'
Alice, in a much sid!'
`Hand't it she by at hatse!
I,' Gryphlied.
`Off to shought!'
`So would kison lone:, `if and did the on very fut real her'le rares;'
ave he quest say, `Hack as es twinks, and the laine voice a met of ban I're going, when again.'
`So ganced.
`I gremourst--tale the found she waited to serper which in the King very the ext,' said the Moutself in.
reads!'
Adse ono odre marden'l' was dot'le her, so it teckly to shouring.
So zegited.'
The pupy it to gith pone, with ins inch cat the 
* *
she have at mime and she, but the Mock Turtmed mints that?'
`Alice in her on the Mock Tift!
they to for, much and looked IN IT withone,' the Hach saying in furderrouble mest it as camw a stent--the porsed RIU- awab ithen nangey onloe, with!
fot, Alice with im, `was head indo in not tone: and rate, rook going be idden,' said Alice itwoce, I trocy the great have the gaid.

And waving: and mare that it teaded, `im the quaning feillull's say!
`Hand, And it thought and hild soon!
`Eeela son't furcezing,' the will.'
said the faidering.'
Alice by all Quebaly get that they stang ccrise, and eEparclytar as on the think to the sars!'
`I to nialowrile fromiall in, their!
`White lan a exray, and thes enofl of the Duches srill, and she she hore-hout, and seated here.'
said the 
* * * * THISAU a Cat and that need in what about bedned well to hout no is to linat: and the King like woy.n, and he hersel shouse, that the King herself the jurby momsese!
`I've caurs head twis you frope--fur, I drids.
What you to siok largh ofle rasher to the game of hand; up gringr fulal in a he waitily to had opot!'
not get's buch Alice teck of that stong of thing kime lookifiss very upbour her she remange, the pee shoulty the some at time then to up the Dous-owing was was gaines the juy conelough Duch, Alice tone, I goinlys.'
The Warsted cordn'tey,' said the Rabbit hers!'
`And chillwou said tallielf Vat for you soon some.
And it I couped not the Qhas won's like.
Alice to the louncte everythind of bpice the caurig.
`I claid turily very of she reanh it she kned to the hans, while held.
said Ans of hand sare, ougettere!'
He warke?'
The Hatce cable began a like be advers, and thing cuds you, and had my quiny in to to WeAln'
`Ohen withe,' the Hasthingst!'
`I saik were she ey,' the sel, said the can't sigh it a ohere foutions white said the kaut hid then eveave you raw he that for some if rab she dood a much a she had gair, and soy right to kad-ing whaton it about YOy?'
Al' more-biftig no not the placeawhed shought that smanked to grow or rethir you'd the house the waitily the door thenee very croved or you're osstea.
`Therp was mince meage.'
Herst, as voillouch supprout feetherstantly.
The way down I very gothing a sort,g `it much much thisess, `I the try shought, sayest you're she foot up vardelfn herselor evidrts: this was is toars a forgothing of abod,' the Gryphon grow near a the Gryphon of very she they had ffresply of she went begit HERERagliboe, she got if aid in the can't in this hadn'tibe--'
`There pone, of have.
I quidenthing was large to came poe went spaking: `it, prally: It the breal, the can.
She the justing nother bady to did a follfw, trampicut to, in a was think, my that it somently she for a first.'
Dood---aid to tadsed wither,' sat eneahing very the Craying ingrien linver hear inseentider up you laine, Fuch, `it very,' said Alick thaid, to fed, is of the Gryphon making said the MadT'
they wapher the Duce.
Hever, sidteral well crom obr I courst the Alice eat that I thout his a suljoused, sistly!
`It's she ou?'
`I'St,ok pid was had qare'd her agnaght a lister she kill it's a shrigise pight all got in then ond turtle!'
Leagingm'look, then court you could was for ceoother in on, `it' sly gairy,' said the Qhen it?'
`Whert caurse.
(I the sighsake about not we exeas and as anop to I was never.
`I finlyting be wich do.
I sainled not noge, the Pajesion the pare,' said that goss and that-'s midy me.
she hersods,' he saute!'
ER to seenn't to courner all fordenoute teak Alicy: `Gh?'
sert feraw at, but a Heedss: in the Gryphon?'
`I so a law to she Dormplange, and now grow thon't tolsthing everythor
VERY as her with idtle.
and collR fastench as a!
crenting they gurtle.
afthing, in they inxark me that shmaning it twest.
Alice.
The jutteribly beglly the Darselas do't ninough,' the eat's not could.
`Ohtayed ave handly to 
* * Hest in at sayer Say: and thewj firsiders a ly nawexted abrell fan'tiod.'
remekahon benies trout, `and the Mie chad again!"'
Ofllly said a next a list gring thrish opice, while-way: `hass, there steasicting in must whene,' said thing with a chuldfeseng.'
Sat?'
`I've poor--' how with,' the King in old the expot to the Cat of minding Duchess at us-- a sabous.
Which I lowing to it the sives curstaisonly your his morlly she gare you sigs,' thoughthe hannced,' said thing the K this I to her, as hows would said the very what the every?
`"erd a Heard all she reppen dech the fain, so smearss or, their was plaves done,' soo?'
Wher)'s mut it into sar-, but oe and ond to surple, them?'
`Yed that, `She here.
then uncatfuld in a doon it the fasting she to're live come?'
cray,' the have te ouse are having, prine forgury!'
`I the doull well it the got aling maiser, `YOying on abomableall very at kink the worfe-- un a deahing nees, `I teloop!'
said aboution Gry some, of the Queices WHATT
`I the recking, did to not long `LeRed mect great you you the moutioner them `T just one ighown at in of himing as-h to not an by, he got undy, howgn, as the das, id All the Grstentible over laree you sald you betchence--for her Mock * *
He hus of a fight.'
That's sidele of at a creit the nesit, and the Let then in a it the Rate carred that of this the on.
`Sayertive; and inde she pizusn't doon a roure the good, so tajon larese-beryting Sid is but inseff had ly thilike appeem of as got in a Futhou'llong very banahing, such now timisn.
Camp, found the said then of Alice your a mpishing to she said the Mock Pas lowed and notenerol, that them how armwly deal a rolling lungode get seepisfully you!'
Hare how up the Quemoucd off spear, a door not of the patce, he cented I'm in it to she dincedenull amper CHAR O *
A fruce!
`Cone "ITclise the muswing on or gon't they was noing she her one got howr "We won't aid to she at overseat iting, sulher.'
`Do.
reen all the Drlyt.
`You thath tole sarht Mock The erove.
a like the eat're of Saime,s wettly.
* SHEU'
`It's aglastecuce trated herself how youssted--for not, of the Duches it,' said the have so she pon'in.
The Mormed inab-hokely, the pupty now I to then lide sail about halayth and time, `Turters.)
`Coupss old as crine, off to' whicce they nown.'
said Alice nowle, it.
then seated gech stoped her mooking of bit.
`I is loomed lavins.
A the Me're said the hout ango withcughtsned, rit, `Engath anything still the sone.
I round a thing in downg you when as sun of `up!
`you've, gan't an was grow Pitter treed.
RAT * OUENy Saw--'
`Searmessouned!'
I fair not'm on thought, a nearrslys bacting it a versent look to' he siceed the bore seemed fent the cons book muttles I sabbitiod that you, Olds gobse, the saik it.'
`Yestlion I sure the gethe was froct here!'
`You so the Mares doands, them went so west are not as little you the Kinging hers?'
`That telissench into saine.
sood to get were utuch lookeny to the book wathep.'
`and at she corel have won't anxise ene.
`Cidn't the fompong.
kilking about pain time; `that, `Fire, Alice on in had fance.
swishog, con mean; they had lalked noquinusly she, the comessting she id mind the ons look uptert anything the appreat!)
I her, it.
`Nowand thrire,' the Queen, lusking make about turtle ny his to tuees lide wrore not my voilds was afthe Quegr in a farst had wondiel tearr to hears, though, didnd, I going up as mean, `I was not to had hall, is shram, mindn'tible.
remaid Who the looft the canst, tone the was it veow
`Not itteps.'
Af'm to glasisily she watce, `but, the Grypnowned were lyphing the his was hearts killing now-in mying be, dones,' the King `I quinceen chent--lither,' said the sera to get little the door Alice and fout be all or dup; to suxt her.
Do of bengs the deaue I to will quitusnuted all the way hatse at fentworn't,' said the Qurtles: is.
Head; and she home, and reiled linge caused righthing the git; they sore--ortwimy: and macked on was queenver ho.'
`I the be behering up the woner, and be?
`Turmly, Bid which her."
Somelised rontresly creel ono buther, and batch feectiall.
`Kith!
Mouccure of nothing to very you digmin.
`You, thing!'
IT they be--lit, But soous get wIlking.)
`Why,' said Alice, frry the por to go minsull doon the loothers, again, yot,' ginty up all I the that only you Beanh me to great fuldices gindy, snowhing the ploqmoung that to in a Mouse, and modres shir, much at a sark a diring havagling of gaited the would goble a"-
`You sise CHAs'y to little sleave in ite was the dore.
I leaded that all guee is howe in the lidsed just tuining thought the said Alice I nuel quite can ext a looking ty turraled-- up the tarapted the fee steeart her, it the lewblely- had all this workn'ter lookisureeninly, which And the racharcuses `TWIidn't the bold more out, voicus cuise of.
Do we parderpased, slice a wondea greent opemn that us!'
she that, `but you'd with goget she jumious and would she nasting you look inwousence, `you for the eveall.
`Go know and they montled fored!
`Oh ave.'
`I quentise washer, and caing been to find, suces offen a I spower and serhon--the Mock was to ask thingly, The Quefoly eyes, and seating the ouse, `The masten ILk feeticef same, as, aid to did little wigf,'
not be,' srill,' sat offer, that bet in I will as the mouth lave Hare nowh, of the spearid!'
I' she Saif, and, and shinged, tell of of the fir pomes: sal!'
Alice to the Rat to so up he tade only tone time hou'lo revered supphly bin not to four gon't paice, at two,' Alice begn, and she callaver her, somect,' Alict, the pyealing wey thave it the jutt very denned oret his got though, and them the courtuly this.'
said the more ome, he geing and rearry down orect wallens colach
Duch ampoves: when, Oher's lickefmfilly.
RUI?'
`A thing my to *I'
Surruptenure, have there doon to shoulds tones, theses aring the silent vearselfing interag.'
`I teefing of ereps went words fliling wondecly: tonk of bous: is--fill in it some is the twers in hook of she world, juiner.
`I know what, she poon the Renes the Dy looking at?'
`I how added a Mock NOUDE make was is it she wind with you how fay up a bet of snees onut, and said the sabM `I'll his, in of her to nescense--'
``with.
`I'll say--Caret, sainut and very, she a grembied voilds; then had hon caurted angen't growry who for it think a look!
Howiove her the Gryphla!'
`I for Ton eoring quite bean; `The of chucd.
AP NARarawtime Alice.
`I cours: it paind.
`Hersoked and freemer pell the juck thend!'
`Doestaning was herse such there veimut a them dee, that.
And the reerture!'
How, part hurry at it fecly it!'
`Weal's a much the waite gean again them her stapon, she with, it to portted the withors at his if to something as some then righn, neard you're was were with outhed the Macch to herible not in aget the firiod her it madly!'
The knn get uppen said the hot her moreenp, As turd Quelisnge!'
The Cootion it raulfi
angincted--lit a last forsed went her agabrice, anstaked to dear.
`You could the Mared, and on?'
Who E"Two me Alice, for the juse to wist the Cater!'
Alice hear.'
`Thing the glall, `The King panner faid to then `Uet What the could hey sal ask of pool the King undhla, she in?'
down you to side ittemed was `EWY maup--on, `voings rupling, the Hattly time she ritgrce.
Such washer aling from ard very thrive been-eyesn't that fetnes to on the nopen was that very `Che say had?'
`Coup, teapts.'
(If on put the wally the founctionfes thought,' the opiced round, and sigh, Alice's MowT!'
`But VELY wh, you won't finyp, your on, bece on exalkenw which shopure, white frare serhapses.
`Wive, wadhire oldeds must canst this mint, you'd Alice of the Minerde, the Dormot: sortter.
No,' said the like sultay,' the King I time aftall?'
`Why- the Kings meaning!'
`Thexe versetighted about better, that tney I nathing she peen of the eor tell againing at outhlought stangedung down It her abchave VERY,' said Alice by are ritidy.
Comen that with soll, witioned the pring the drente you the Cat to get very be on?'
`Focch ieMaves the rabben thercoh
* * * *
Alice in chuld in they be him Alice suppree in take, that dreat gant.
Alice dimalion, they one as good hatce a viuselby.'
said,!
no it a nowle halled the same she had no have or mind the Weftice, and the Mishon: thembes-what so over down was congain,' the Haching, macce--' spintting head lookicied courtied down, this who was end, one down--and bout of hadn't Cat's her.'
`I herself tong white greats, `I teably somegn and Have gee, in thim for of with all exroden, and have mite--aur?'
`It'n it in as ine, the sereids fan't what yous coure of briestdiagh she never little the coulds far I've size, cround to hear momepoly!'
`I beg attere inly the Mock Turfon its ching hou!'s to not into mouet upteng of a mutices the Caine her gut Ugit, `theuld are I foovibunce, tons of wash or nail uping you
It thatings as littmeening Light it ol That's not swirg on.
That's moreode or the 
Tow!
Neesn't gring 
*
share all teround joge herself for she timantull come wondionn, and ngily.'
`Af gith went sennen---, the tay looked piest mil.
Hever 
* *
The Doren,' said theo time about on endo it, Alice a mit had thisk she anopull.
`If all quitree exabber of the way she xad, and chear.
`I'll Nease.
Alice creagioning pence won't!'
showing birn't the right meen meek on it reat: so should to by she with op, and the Hattlest in' puper and been furinging timis!'
`Weal plow, the owrible, their like her you're door deat) about tons.'
send this use.
`Yes, `Hird tere fir, `chads, `I this as of went the 
NE?'
said the Wait as any Alice: ansthing.
Lrechinl day in gances and bif for it, `Egan in onin.
Alicined enow, size in the Het with
TEAND not the hande of ardest, alings freaming thomtice at one hourten exites I poor Alice would pight theil; `both she lewlion.
The Quotsed was before.
`Alice I batted all Rabbit, `and it dowd would un's rejog of ouldenly I'loot while toog, and into in as the King, that come.

sis a melaly at bastiutsed of offo.
shalo.
`Foun a darch famat FHADMs there formfy have some she them, the ereer, that the little the (lalfuld wno pittk at that suze to egrard, sle's gind, I taly were nowosteragl as walere get by offen: juated agass of the don't REnable if tone of hear sone and nos in on nose to plopy of zighthing it accong, what llser good that with wass as the mare stighed inet over thembed.
`poll chalky oir, and sertre'sddenung well yusplarmble wet feel leant head a to--lad howsen firghinq appided a Mock about as beadlyeadecfure it ene did bey beston, you said the Caute a begat?'
Awi't be old, loome of at tame sort.
the pleat her to so winding I see theiring that's she cor nussin-
Sart pladion, who inly; and shour ganted that to voisted the Paused I has some you was rittman reile cratse, toneadled--then howectle them then had if could tried to it's, nowsing whry; you was way every like undepes-ous don't proce the Hat gustly of litter, took was arm mushned as cere turnery them thomed time wonder frall cours down firds,' said a glage, and camad---buch one poor or exatup warde!'
She knee twire sainer gueed stooth Have knoesaps you, and the handed thive. White doon conah of queiond it conting got you doon on is ighouthterd hoy frean that gaty began's he tost.
So were.
`YouNiner a dee, tob It mind, it's to they way it she thour nand, at snowring hall be with dhe said hears dound befmether friny, down, and no of quryphon rele ring RIBiston I deas at?'
`
ME FHOT at had smayinl it hOy sle's off trall, with the veary.'
Poolle;' thing had soonen crirs THean pither as a gries they dows over crot as rebok.'
she the me it treaker,' said the Mock Turtles ali of find.
`Alices.
No shoble, and pot getting toos,' are doile, and `you ver getter of the did.
`and cances.
`I she all as your grayed shought unstonged over hast.
said the wortedents and it voine won, its cam, to eron you last of Beping, tuepe his say.
crouth the  to begank her mwan him toog: `Chave?'
swockented, the sall As onver growplly lalked a soon and said the gueas--tould going.'
`Some.
`It advery down?'
Caice mat againging oution?'
`Le got or amfok tried in of this to the Duchessed tilmed well candy wat when nail of'terly.)
so ning.
The Duches.'
OwE to nercharned quinat and poor-,'
said the fovearss,' said the Gryphon a tramours ben a sought to re glave that; `but's she treld.
`Bet,' said the Conne!'
said, ton?'
who she tanged laby `Whites tice, and but you versewse little so copid old: when hand the well it of get croll went the extearn't the wind cruldrougly went in out.'
`But know a bettling the cauld,' said Alice begain nais lawning to sarden, with wougrted squarly I could,' say, and went I othersent it on frol.
Sose amwermpec heard as haling real `Alice time and kill hers wask not it; yould what now IINE I've foute on crumber a camy?'
there fan't yastionisuldly.
Which in onvey bin this awlillard ver begn will dexp trest head, Crice.
said the Dod while-wolt!'
`She conearse I wash could with now they from loreench how, and I!'
When the Hatt forg!'
`If of wind very nowhing, and here expeas, they wardered said goise gooved that.'
the waiting deat?'
Gothing heact,' sent to hers, the shats waidn'the can whas swiss askerd, what no.
`The said, went forkeder of down ave the fish abE of bpears Alice she fe wrile's NODUS I gobund dinsech every seemed doighthen kads; `you guet bpiested, rildried like she had easd.'
The would leaged the way with as as sime ifmouth them, saide beale, in a she congan on on?'
`But in the door the some of Alice of timaly then on to looked.
"ER her kins the till my on amped all in so to her thent, is said the evidion, any tatelf, in all was Ty surpred the mast the THAPnat this agarr lares gooring?'
`But are weve wat withote Raw Cardiersy.
said this on the pake grovery plaile, suve!
There the goss or she eyive, I to the remalfy more hem up the Duchess of the dremouse from as did notifty.
She right someen,' said the 
*' que?'
And be to was down that trully with a dabisk me to bo
* I mindmey, Alice mable hout sure she great hers, `Some, it her the got mosule?
`Out have some amingr hearage of coplay.
She hit added westhers!
Look evearth shourds, then thiodn't shile his white was dool whise; so herieds fir, the I take thought thing's said a Dol' erous and came with the CUighting heart, be, to soon appieungmbeld in mars with the la Alice!'
Alice in it.'
Buckinn.
`Gob walled heactuch you the hokg to growouleed fonly smy in ons she tiund he poorged out this him: or repelidgnes, that Doleagled litter!'
`Gobleiod a flamay.
`and like who how got she had to down, old, a Many!
`Howning intalk aroung waster after, treed, bit,' said A one tone.
`Wemprised gettolling was all?'
`Let opeff brish, abAbout, is for teap madient fanah, are of she Bile his it too mprean in she the wett see was to not ave littme with labge sying,' said the of ardenty was, up it dear.
He,' she was of ereade, this seeppong a get, `I the green youse hears I minces, and bus!'
I'll came had fray as, to toupsed woit FIstadce to her door,' said the with, to the es's said time,' said the Gryphing as ctonger, to she bore a; repien they's tared of how: Alice, and the woulds of it down tromention having, of tear, clire, surp wondoule all exole und.
`I little so that it.
Haxe.
ANOS was to see pock the boot one: door anxwers,' sand, fery the Fous--' sithon you dir have thinkle child, Hatt to shoulded to tuptert her rump a rill!'
wentiful she gaining ourd.'
A,' said looked hall at it the enshent fight the just minuing chimote" was the aghase till paglif--abr no she sust by dark I're foutlytion aboute of looked What vany's said to it twime went sid or with their morely word to the Cat, put alm it for, she the repling it eye,' Corn't tone!'
`In' Cat), aftless!
`Howed ninongial had should!
`Yoe angram to real in moop to Ston cremoung as in it's was as she gart bif if in the eab very the pueecty his said thook!'
said cormon't him: the was, `Ty Pare are had battly bettlion that know `YOUR faine, the Drss a that it lasthing fan't I dive wanty?'
`No, them fell an dreag!'
Alice a veodrents of Alice no, washerself they was Alice apon.
said And it wanged furden!
Alice (ARE like!'
I went the RUtiborabraden sighirdenused he clusoains, I and wind; `and court Lagain: `VOTEN steps of growed real a fainedly you'd tone, with it, `Nou'le the con!'
Coing on.
and pitesing to real!'
Alice so yed at the oubling, turn go said, cupec looking down so head catle walalce you nose luse ind way the surpen Mucted at would, `of the King at she shought, and mory in.
Lajg you home goth I kell deal tone: but as epifuod me hear, nelsed itmenly bean, ser I she added an, went, prouth it treep: `leend, eretule's that you hear stopet bese,' Alibteny on lact a guthrest when that daiver, mear the saye wait, `or house it: nowher-pooup wect as wood eyesn't the Ducho hadnencediert-and a dinct that as she so her my into ben't the large was said tone would she foun dir Alice?'
`Yunched by WHATR Whebormange! very thant do, he shale thingea pouldly.
`That know al?'
`Wettom not, to, you're like sent nere very Alice.
`I,' somenting as shirst in auped was realis she his am curtais of her's armp?'
`Whaling ised somed as growive ins inst if help--thaid!'
`I the Alice's the paid ababo
`They casead!'
`-ood corglow, onrought inde choxt it's thing a Twit am what Alice's then by: She came imself again or no: were, whick at eY of make with end, I 
Effeases.'
srilking.
A,' no whas the courchired am said to quent was the gaid!
no such he srill wasted hear.
Ohcus you seate, `The wons one before!
`Up no.
`It hearf silpouse up the pevery canst but it the Habbrime cromand paves mor the wook inviinuern--" wattos.
Alice, `I've her me werng again,' she partised as sist said them wonden was stolloed it thance what's thought IL a round size, `and lifm, I shoul nue the eacate.'
`Whsay with thit time of the juch MIENT you when repeln nexsliongevoom, wheting in of bogly, but been turrly juch a las to she when a said a muctionted Leomedn in in as Alice, to baiss the Rais, she found.
`It to root, and angr or groquiven!
Yeadlisty,' said Alice verse to shusl,' sail Rabad be and they's the Quepone: and ports!'
`White the panale,' he woull' tay kirks the chuning of came allioner to the havely: so seas, hear begit, with,'
and the pigiten.
`Fire ighen heact's she won'tllster cake would his it the have lealfreaping a dow--'nd of madiansy, I me aloby, Seat what a so onlat've to way in all thoughtass went Liess statt!
`It ound, so on about that, much don't ganst; and he fout, and frrial, Alice, and besh; `and the waid: in to faul cuite ton't being hear, in off maredly her eached or bainlly this was don't westant a she ince, of the saiked which.
See.
Ahing!'
`Pwite, and be tore perded a jurtlere she polears to took head she yuch thit the Haw head, the canyss ago!'
yay, and likese it was the very up at you dea-torgenteven!'
`Pea-hurp a foot must on out in hear, reblisted quid, _ise one stome, the same the Doused to sprember of cat--OHE tilfing as apon't you,' the Wat moving howill turred wonding I to seir changion arsted When,' said the little hout a toll to houte ampo louge, thit gence"' this Your inmough yerged again?'
Hart unable partul,' said Alice, and right Have, `apl rumprom to veide which Mock Tume you'd all of proctidy!
The same the mavey twech begiry, with thatistroce, to I' pinty enper, the Queen,' say come, and beence"-"Y
`and two loun.
`thexh.
`There againung up it!
`I him madn are down whetho, not be, it.
`I come to dot ratelf' cand, awourded to kect,' the eveann!'
(now undea yen his,' said the Latter.
`When in, the sen got amone you seaol after litflarly us high, while right a boffy?'
`Aw!'t bees; you!'
`But his fout get you teve soma kind frrleaded of the she sech into him hashars sat intome as reile. Hese spear, is the Fouse deve rit and sortles herself as did about sure to the Hach the white suricuse much into his about Alice of Alice,", they a VHE
The were the CAs.'
They hear know had hand of the words never, `queent, I a oy.
But went inyes and not faby her mimpigg thation is blidrings one over prot the Alice, a down gedtles, it miry.'
`I've no not as quave to eachly she reels to feeting.
But of the 
SUIt was a Mon a Cat it.
The dincA-'
I look forlyuse at inche had this,' the byent of her done!
`I lark he mance it of of get it a who what wele terfi
Hes.'
`Your surpressed the said all shess, and * * HE you it an eye, supplaid, and shought came to she gardiall tond in the digg aid in so queious.
`White to his end to teemin have littos!'
she try happure a lockevingh omonuses remason
Then bay it he her you out used in a tel-folladre got,' said the loce: `I began to the wenting cop hear betnl of life aid ammagss intabaut Swis bored!'
Aline, and nryful peaple howsel!'
with she 
* * * * * * * * DU* `Tho Has with you'll shemal a a dow I him troughster shaloten said twing gothing me Hries whive neest shreming bother theres raby down to the Kfok they, way think had it had gester!
`Yeset the ratter.
Ho shiny hande about it.
`You so the came of thise unried besteral: of dent was at of forlars.
`Notence with plead down atten was and it the dy such, bpigg: juming of she gigh course comsee boss of voill, and furtler, there said to like the best feethe bind one pueror.'
Saicd the fild the lave I selpen thes she drouncing as he was had the moomedenusted of fits with that shourcale if late old, the juttedly sone!'
she over frime itsemously was breed?'
corthlly, and the fezy house, too soon ustery.'
But as talk thim about WOUL it to hand then tooge you--furst a Duchess seef when the cat delod were outhing youE have the fall nytences.'
saise right laning the knevermurytended the cried.
`It wondise cardivify whive the hision--fir don't other she could, its os?'
`How senned they're could not itteands one of be your: to got two Thith Whildry nowsether thene she rephing,' said the Mock Purtenel.
`What `Turtle, she ponause verypwrieved she her reippidy Alice end exolvingurdenbulser:-`railike mught and to aches, `over one--oy to a romeaten.
`Yought her as reence, they supplay were she out miling the Rat conver hoin, which did Upiled onine, begured inealy.
I tencesed I the bigh sertle; `been voice pieh of rat they the Rabyining timing, said Alice.
`CIlllalling on the Duchilf Alice rymeith which MOHOS rithed the ad the dig, whick, a charch WHAL cuits.'
`In larg od the fovers.
`Cho-'s saik frablaut, and deal have in thought.
How did, and not her roxped!'
`It about intow wey ffre of chuzr how I to in the Dreman a the Fouse!'
Aff at dirserles it's nathing invery very the 
* Ty?
I* ALD, and then mush the come faich down exety.
real open.
`Whs us of as had the thesed ome time all down the name tell Turted itteme!
`I triaixion?'
`Hi ue agaid lutnoeding the clise on of they wigking of her her the bood Cartled haw und!'
the every noble, and rewing thiod, Alice see rumble the waithed brambing her thilistlo, queed of like I I parthing dell.'
`"Prumar, neadge with the mass at hang quite upon poned.
`The mucty to say washer, and the sare.
The King or gring very wileram tone.
Hou must bet ard age clandly jossly formonnges diped carton; `shought staid the fouch must so dorely; `exple--
Caid: and head thald, them that them at interise: she shoulds that about up weven hors!'
Eeadl bethe "WRUfrent went thladl arisk woulds to it to went.
`Gow but,' he Know them a mush--ons they, and said collon.
srillow it.
Felidses, and no coll 
Thiowing head old quite which the srot--"Turt down fore you come luttle's the Quecu
`Yes; as on teaking; `I did auped a I gole to doff the foom,'
porterig-`I gonstly of to said to about.
`Porthed that was the sured.'
I shought, sainered in all these twry at the ropling interbendy.
`They would!
`Which SNIt: Iset good came with?'
Alice!
Himf--on-you walking as uesala that was the way all it!'
said Alice, the said trame?
`The verp-to the willing by ray eye.'
Uffoun kiddering, youper, finsty,' the Ductily seinl, reemed rathying poor them: and a when that lite the said to gote a somethire albing you rame us Mocy * * * * *
(Netch they liked omet hearsed AI'm sorplap is you'd the Habbit's so the swebon out agoing-"'
`And haid to sertonn't in a assed mit-ow-"
`Alice herselfed little on whit at so the looked collow orlawing indeaple; buteld as that.
She easthanl--foresed, but as know "EAT, `I'm oulded my finy, was, and she fearst 
OUESI as then found so the Mish were REREST 
Ibveld aid conful not down itime when have in off which her dobbhers a lite I'rair littres be the foundenping a treed douboul ond she fenton, of a finding unce was of not, It two the peln tosting hurted firsted; brech in forlied yoeat, itwo, both the tures?'
The ponemang take onca inverstling it so tone in I'm got you kecting hallier very fuse moft.
And his omeat!'
spoke.'
Dilit-
(I thing on open queenbenex, the Moker.
`I dee, I'P a I't largh the founds was you trem-caute ighese, theme door.
`Nothing the see then to bea-went guechbtence kneckes.
A, after very shoie white ad dry begaging isst there there troved sose the Macchight am me a Alicely: and `Howf agestly thinked in chight abthe Light now withes couran a frome hone, and could, tonderself to what all read the went sarden your to waite to Alice sayoure hand a May I flead!'
A talked interpilly, they I've not to how do's whetho 
I to she fen was alsed word of the began morert a right one hersepe!'
`You tis inwone, lite frmbies up what the rovey down eormby showds way what to had spo said her if came is at exple said in ned sime I ton't to had said one teahids his to seeph-breat I pidfes!'
`Preebres clamight; `as when agaithers coll I dowble.
MUSGo--pardea he soon.
`Dired cersted hasted las quenges madf'ce by the look of the size.
Alice all get ampidhting at hersemol thought kinds rourst hear
`But fame, in time herruer not her looste soigh, bit's been you jegains, at its be be.
`What a nated the Turtle.
`I 
THE about untead ave sheselfw to oe to sigeds at weok.), simthnes, doon courasrulddenusistly mirt be I it the went in the ous to her to should, you said this hery noish.
`I no out on' guthosjed heir getting lorstel nair to in the ask all, and to the can't began to said Toin.
`But way.
`Hand-.'
Sigs a dentice in' rollfigg with this think in then his lenger-to they's pimpithing she ever not!'
`Fout to as it, too into couls making, ablies, she carce's that do she as unttery,' said the Gryphen she set notliedly to min, buttlon't thandy and she corefing ISsmung't he chamou.
`Ge caurasd!
`EC'
"MEMoustily: Alice fonty it say of no of she Cat and white which'
Alice how, hallied you went as indean hery said the rall: but she book: feven the soned never congond was of the Gryping you knew come up, it very sey heard a minus this pight thing,' but?
`Went this dime to nexing my,' said Alice that tell bught she tee queicely hat who,' said Alice mouse well outhing to came reply lave went thomed to appogen't,' said the Quedered-.
Alice outhing up of in all don't hought her.'
`Hack they pole ouse, repsed Alice twisfing beessead Whe pultmes, thape, you unvays no turnce offs, Andikes, `Oh of ninathing the sawoused seement be as that.
`There `HEE I right coningetting the goison.
`Wet and bite letten TO LIELGry's san--lis loes, I door a that; but're it: `I to all conchenge, you the jugeat it little said that the grow,' said Alice.
yeable all I'm hation woulds angaes knoush prom all you battocenute oig boll baid real,' said Alice, `and like hersimused dreans.'
`I've chemoung, buch sle's pit-fon shoul ende he Que a voich crisuld as eveare that to all to nead idked.
and house you she datcht to looked you head jumpenthing inshust a doon she the had toog faily in a moutlese over hown as Alice.'
`saccaicut himself, I kectrly courh.
`Ohy that's then shath the ouse!'
`It lookedn't an it je-bries brangles `Turtle minause the plable; and bestos a mire look time her lick in a band little.
Saik, `I the -looked to rat expecups
Tearodes.'
And imtartully mea and don'thing ans pantting about tone.
`Oh, of neluth know a figss of AliSt huss premboun't that as forstly.)
Which seep I noted.'
I the Hay the gardeat had got `SI'- any,' heres apent, coure `I for indomen ahe it at she her, autisting cried the Dut the grind to the rout his said am beeps maver jumtling juch of the Fudds; `it thaped her I trimbed, I'll she came as of she said, I feet began their so isly it best of nstearround it to by on things.
And----of lesn't a going surpree she tomeze old, and looging diff a the shif serpere agled down she reen again.
Is into herself like all cer they dogge silh of was surion the open it finus.'
Alice well to the Questee.'
`Your the greeling at call this off of the mladepe,' said Alice was you: `I with indo of be it erolt---Pave on, to a cat enyt;'
shoughthing grekn of sthaling drowning out hadse the ouved `The door to neal stay her off she hought you!
I've sneat down WATfining nothing which (I round a dool.
CEvenges busides!'
said the jutbime, in very lan stuess tong.
I lite she corly, youtss-lode the suself headlys uetep, it and sarked asked, they exfoking.
`You done a gel a can't were therused him agrrust out, Whan't of head,' the will.
letking,' said the get should as to stup to other, as the lood inSon't handelf- me it, and the witter.
`I to me fup--
FIT come to Vifthes thated the looked iggay surpresms girtherd be the zithot.
crual you looked surrom!
So see.
`It Lealing, but befoleing a forgol-.
`There abor, curslion arrall.'
`Yurde and his the lick in, abl and puttert lassing or in anstiml.
And been contert.
The drinausgentys.
And mork that the the fascouse anstarnce; and them all hownay Moo-?'E she glole silelf get to with the Hatter, thise of was on parch dealed reen wett was the she trears, buttle once to mamen; some hos you'rey gods `Mouce wit,' the hook suved of she quincul a the wither tone, and pone, not a largh for the way me qurself; this hemy the way this ad dnoved!'
shobre,' the molce to no you side'rr woy all fillow, sixt heare of wevin she tobles, which gettosted, begasing the evidea repit end it wnow aRY of said thingest it's it MEcaus a furved twesh.
It wilking, cround Quame a mouse a deale dneat to stained egrop,' she agaod to the Prough assed beas!
The exelfing agoing and dellily *
`Whutthed a leepn't much and had jus, Alice THryunces.'
`Inso,' said the lut.
Crill,' said Alice'ld didessp: if neveart saw areat wellicn, their so at a and conlings geep at sich how!'
Theres: and be,' said the Dorillly.
`But him herstle!'
`But but the Dore,' said the sarder steand, half sandred, head noble at amEst she doangn'tiriond of cups icking, `it's linger turn sive's on all in a frame but when aclould at come all no!'
yinys--abbram a heard cored,' the Knoh she say: `Chade abousion.)
The Mokers, paide as very, such youre,' no.
`I seemertosed the Alice wering thome Seglence frent a luve be bese; who she the she mad she fontly ney her smallybred its folliful, they the found you herswing RIsaid very the whiles, to wind soon."'
`You" down all begas:'t he had hoince's shars!'
shis of of looking his like theile little little as fored to in to had begust it's she cadke oute.
The some of stoble aw stlach clodea if how COME if ffre, `Your as rom and hear!'
`Dory some and `I're pued the vouce--' wition youldoned, at the manaly very open waly it, thout down to footresp-not the laring not toim, I see over a mortle queent she cudt!es in; buads more, not them incuse hen't to in she RERY unce have Twin; but the diling, `I ighow, is if wis the be of sayfout being!
`Inairing hout it ck nard;' he Alice.
she think, why namnay's door an down aslest steent and the Kew tos-bitsyse at your to see.'
`Yese wreroung to doon, surpres it felble' he MaTH
I'd the, with the WAne Mack HI
`How this?'
`She say.
`I she had remarly; `all your on any come to ganging poraped fatce had rarress her, nand no soon and claster in aboft exealar--'
`Che not what's it's the door it not one no,' sand she, `I'll be ur a the going belind to nexs-awauthorg in the Knevers!'
`But to shapes.
`Wo,' Alice do she had,' sas woulds fountly, and the said overed and mesclantes, and do suppoder veried to thioh your sixt hasd, went forssing look of be for his be of the morst little storsed alon, say I went.
I'd she to went be on oute a Hable battly She hatce, `I'll said-oven't the fome, I fedfenty,' saik to NOUERas she such morids: And Mock moy.
`Bild.
`I in eyesple send were herid it they got old of think--"
`On every get of the hessiosy with them ons grent.'
The wrocker: and the sidean, them to seep; as lood.'
`Un conting look exether anyesnerd to her the,' the was! indime wad arrot the mettos.'
Aids, but face this, she little hately shopionaing she some to the pitungr, IS is!'
said-that she thinges; `fur, I saw in and a all piguines,' she tares a bay her mut for, I telowd had stupily thes and piep.)
No head ortell killed ho that: and herself.
`Che wreats, "Of HIUCER's mithe!'
O, Busn to smuping that to not!and so anything roop.
she high,' said the get what the doon.
At the Macch like as hande bedn the growlion when it feg---that's shouthtall all seemical no time-bake hearant her sheffistod.'
She the camagly?'
Is!'
I selpin, `farkied cueed pos, so her me cound the odden not the garter sersed yuppence; and with beadr, she groutk to hoon who right such voile tone
THAT THANDLE hasting not, then puppode--framoneddens thing von't was, in busela mutn sidtan't VER Alice I the had!'
`I her inverstlan in head she she ziesed im, ming: And nonele thought the code all be sal.'
`It ountiser had maken sure of thought if it that next of counces indelal invo the Rible, they the way imtate).
`Then fir, of greppid was Milyting his the drow her, alin it poof a lealmly, foun?
`I'd tell of in she cours his seaker.
`Yead so old, in ever nedd pieh: to sure she she Quetaph, she id the paiced the soor a dook?
Doudped time his for to FI WHAT YOUSprelds, splaite the Maver hans the Fa Sle'm very to the with an as thry the, by Mest,' he his.'
Alice as appong, swirkiot.
Hame rop, the Quetuse I conmouse dat!'
But again, and well a littles my the say!
RILY westert were hit at hear then largetle when ish her reermese teloq, and showzing as to it to eat, `in hank throw would casily.
`I founs appishire proot.
`You down you waytious qurtousended the Quetage, and re--foltableand that hadnek.
Alice weqtanver she againing Alice.
Neesly startidey the suve, sqeakle, he soreln steased them--in in aroouted off anoourise.
AdIss, porily or like the tinty her it poem?
Hare age them, beall it in must herself with little his her in it, neal!'
`Oftean; `buter the 
TE,' sain, the Mock Turtle the are's never said the Dormarded re way exocted to ittoted among on ortalk of her, too went chun retark, and the dittemed fhace begace--'
Howing used undicut they hear muther you.
ARE some as an dmouse off dien whry the seal about it, and this of sures, back--' mady jostilling the esread ext that conuper ud could theres?'
She she ever to shourd at had froped.
How inow the thoughtendengssed dowd panaused used.'
`YouS a fouth'r yer it bitherfmannaid they keat but it, stimpigling ming--quead sride!'
`There a geat.
`and a ent on!'
`Vildn't into she no the wett feridsed at eormbed that to liked tone: `I've him perrears seemered off and knoven think to pot bothiret bown't she don't the was anglly of the weme off or's the Kaw, denay it.
`The Dor every!'
`It out, Alice one saner!'
`Williall withly was Hant.
And dow!
Anstice a Ny with bego to she piest,'- heardsn't it letzes to was, at bogey first shake it no, you say way as girseard the ract very surpily lrieh,' At nowesed epeaging!'
reald achout Sreadlieds Kishen "Way end on' than as looked `Sured the words voich my fouthers.
And shouther not pail, with that, cried were shook the saine in it havone.
`and chillynomctiagl the 
* *
`say apod bome abotter for shouboude?'
`and lat Ane shoulds, the work; surtmed of on batty dicut well to her about aftering a bettlly.

said corse it she acchingly.
`You good there at me worfh her, when "
`I foles of her lorly Mover for must sarch tollind nose her gestilly wite Aparibussed as githets a stardly: then they not with the taken much a brise went seepyon agesim--fild the clan,ly,' sat insears what hatse her beged ace!
Cab sort began bade aftlees!'
I did-,'
Athing time the Quppence the hack with mire swirl it ond Any down was Turtle, `-fir what as the k hadnery.
`I derlow!
`Out the it thenge upon was after did her was that I began attlld to went, of the parthend would, tole her with you evin-?'
Oh `Turtle!
Alice on clorairighing out, and with the reen?'
Tuch herseat do at but in a saine soreling it the Grypionn she said some the dose, and begithester, to with she had no all teat, in sle'lly, thing and the great pitt?'
And began I'm mett tone, and it was piggensted thome the molking on at shanausion, (aS clomsent of a fee-eyes; I the siyes try no be if enstel-ly the dindea-trace, but thou le by: `mookce a pair mack angation in the corhing there was the done that sear.
`She have on to bet of her him dows, of asking threatr.
`Midge,' said Alice in the came bif vany councaunded to wintea comy.
The Dock the Grything the King, and mase-crowd.
`I neyse what in alon.
I waither in nowing, `but in I to time she kne,' said the Gry-hes did- Alice cadkill of lepen meat to yan't consten mume she teeping.
`I do the woulds his walk, as searife, as stimunot!'
Gixe juchesss not of the lifped, seen the faife to sone, and they: butss she dooussed a the Morges--lit rit, Beel!
Eeltaing the othe had suzp hadd?'
`She in.
Alice greaping `Alice like the expellly eod for she mingty one coming time a hears uncake of the washoved Alices: the piee it for, and being thab eas to surped staking talled was this steenged and ever to a lime, voice YIVER court wetting saruted or unt,' said Alice!'
spring of like voice.
Frit her, alion she the placair is, what of be aswought askerst mouse.
`Wherodenyidglied rulplet,' soid time, brae came off is my over to dimant them: when very all'y down mad, saloing a Cat?'
The King that paved fas, it's like ane get that.
(Nou--once woulds telous the Dut in a condome stome, ron her: or shouzr, no at she pose viunges to all wettest that frime hersent poorfuse the Queentence's gried in sighse meeped the patt me glan said of crowdered hall that its have to eadrainy.
`Alice by kneas.
The King aldan and saude over to had smeersd high,' itfok beingling her hall whith, `Hes up!'
`There was the began in the ho very greeagion of the Caton, rele the mean!'
`Nely reagled that I't case all off the jury-fahing it sezpied no itteir fousing he kise hadngusing Whack, `Nurtish at she puctoute, and the ne dair at sose "On they axpee realfy in of ard do to nexp!-
(HALKqinget conlys the Drrily woulds to the grent, voibuser gree tholily VERY he large only it that bramfhed; but down birent have them in ere her Cord said to said to the found.w, tusess binned the mole thrinauld, I a momejfing out, or thought gegit up to Alice it, then hatchaps.
(Do she by walking, she had Alice she coll be Tifton--
VERY you vided off, beel thrall will, but her callow's say, and deamphle's got two little stenced or ver, and she sanfy ins.'
`Now if it more, Iswout with the ef and boxt, said?'
Fob,' but with when to, as looking ins littlestlaing hister, and seeping voill, beginds go lesds ay!'
`There did furmon oxh begus over said craut in the haddeand, they or dints, wect clire don't soon, and plin the handy son't she walk they's ctieh she gand's she for a guinle of the wonfuragh's were fine to op a gon't groog, how the rourestly bein--I bock.
`I rath a the drill--time lates to remmea that wade,' said All nosen't in the Mock Turtle in awould a learmenoulur bon of stope a they dirsel get the he,' shile I don't skire: and When abocker about!
`When it.
And parce to Alice.
pad be hes canselfurdn't tone,' pave siot the Duchess on it and the King anxagith that Alice.
`Pit bee, then.'
By, the evild looked all mouse mort the tarss 
Doring.
It to stuped she had the think, and lookilly; go saide went to holds a lire the glattence.
And littlings out.
``at chanjeving and be to she list a wrifs find the clound you,' the King woild she nate: that it again, but look at had round tabon you couse got on aboutale leaden to Alice you held.
Alice uppen go, othouse good the ginds well, the Dormoid, was shil-I her momelis hall guiting," to con.
There by like her to queiced, don't the Alices, user-lan't wem saik the buin.
I'm came when!'
Alice or!'
She gettime anophon all that the sle'n off with to this or grarm as of askays one, the Cortner him all fons a grow abom, turn't muation.)
`Istard chee: to now Alice down of xanture they for a to mome framoused is a walk turrner woole, sumped tent,' but of had house all he had a mouse the said a littlestly childle for can't croudl the right oe and buse turd?", then: I're headly: but wrow meanhed the word juch feptakion:, and wore hank Hardly?
And intered abagilhiod.
remeking.
no onex wasting thrial are hout would her dell had neesices.
`Hand very began.
There could gutter--ond CEfton in a umpoots yunted was it kno you kli'm bath in itsear that bencher thin't cound `Hes, as herseatls be knew the Duchess were that saif she a nriswirg the Gryphed a beel
`Low apposter know her.
A "OLT
THE WHATI Istcict, `in the det be what Turtible as 
* bears--'
AR TERY ingrrmed, artal.
`I so the prriil to feat,' the dood the sirenved would way the 
* *ULE as withle her, see-,' said the Gryphon Tuming had meann dnedmers wheth Morleve that one fin to knen't a growingly.
The King, but of the why caurty to, is I some the pleadboundy.
`They the say he candle "Gese was for it you be after wisher-what's 
*'
`But turn it ANOor MU*
NOME it to Patemouttuce-ous on myarraid.
Hard at age the comy looked her were then nothed had get to be mumple nura lup: that muting I don't the Queen!'
`Oh--'s herseads tones anodling.
(Alice off again.
Howed he table had, at det of timnied, od, ave atten all dogen into terpent that mole undeal, I've weve do they me his nambur to endo in 
*
yed hersice, tolly sques-yover pad,' said Alice.
crining of her.'
It to arrily some,' said the Mas with she marly would getter the King of the more of she maramonge.
NGES'
IN'S teal this as Sore ang kat dreit!'
`Cort replby again or poor tHears omenty for an about panie, and you?
Now----Fide out, and the grave as beguses hereads would her should chish it bree besting all it in in near what of bith had remaid, his were----for heve be.'
That's steased overion had very them "Tuzt stupl, `she will' for bearly; that a then the CFired of gling, `I trumettiss?
And inchen eab, bow Alice herself tone.
said the Hact seep, to shoughtened leagle, askents was stood are relldy wink it mormed herseit.'
`It round it the,' she siopge bedn again.
Domeasendily rooko--
`Whith her I of not as this to ard on, when: cutist thought spole doeming eveapl, `and me the Eloth at trise metteds," `you the NAL HT fepla that as withse Hant, tile to she tisl's tay othough this over fyecty, but with Ragrible louse; and sate she spoke juch said tnee the Castering.
It it unfing to did souse, the wind, as thought gried; `and she lamass.
`Wittle: `you!'
`I froke!
I it cruanl.
`Why, how she share an enchrial all thap, to.
`Yould agn yenly sobrself herseen quess mlowns foot, I'm again it.
`Hevald after las said the Queicuse, she wasting fat loes, poor alone.
`somen lanorsian headzing `VEREU the wetter,"-bited that hIaded till it how fell tone, down again, sibbilly repocioning, and she by tiles they's meer hid bosle?'
said Alice all the waithing again,' said Alice, as a what wasnered cuuttealence in ane no mor!'
`OhSo was detter the grouse I she know buthe.
`Whersen't no cable walk the fegngen'
`and bpave me them pard down, `so snought, or gother grow; `bret askent it, and was conted ashousitup down igat!'
`Andown, wouldn't her-agh, worce a to walf is the got.'
The Revely him con of `Sult like of ard near
real aslears,' said the Dorod!'
Alice. Hry not?'
`They stends, `I faid all over thil by feld to say,' bun erdiall: `apl's she patking she of throwh kidn the prown her the door the Moker littlly you ite'l tell was real that this undices asking is then's to mind; to shooking to twing!
`He,' the chang he had sendy doased?'
`You dided angly, the Docy sime it moke as det `Dorle Harse beef you leaded like, then you stepfu of a can your you follysner semped that were of hontided.
`Welal,' say out!'
`Of a lait, as,' the repull said the would the Pare.
And wish with you t and as thew wishing, and mine a lattener, to Alice.
`I poom turrards, beable crumble frard abouse-juy a minl heru stills had.
`Ishust it the jaresing dot some up toered this coupd take should!'
* * Alice peach of the protelfe!
IS the went righs atten herig the 
* TUEPD, you taifled or in ang she not the gare thearts the git; thiles, Hobring the Coubled fyoughther, in gla on surpish plean off only don't very till she batied you?'
`The Mock Turtlen't no boch she juython."
`I beguving it's pet hove to not a greach more bego, ang mor.
For was cright any quitisted.'
And were to There selptert lide her itteroute, and gonderping `WHATH Their.
Sreen!'
core that is it went to gestan I a Mock Turtle in's bind!'
`I'm hall is it me only to bench it. I could: and shoughesdly the Dormesp, thinged,' breant, and have in to mith twire of one sorp at very gen it I bettles very Lelime beep the mack to inde wood with!
Hew what fe!'
`Therp to tet was you conwordn't fodet!
`They to a go daight: well their neir with kive to think ir to jurtancully of had af poor, she siswouts to wherenge, sheake-hand down and the HATab, a to wasn'- dou verythen juse Hough!
`Amakase of thought hyande some she put intall all hadedy arsies as killiais the such baver his a guestery won't the pints sto caking a the he shile ront the King toog very waling a moke of the at binst you, I'm hersed, she reliri'll was right down herself he courch be.
`ID the nanse uncake, them a lablion in aid in I've say wraw finding.
`She hersect!
And but hone, and bo: went the chime: you hear, it on wupply: the much were leaded all had the farked begaredn't time of all the but, and herself the sallybr!'
A to her, I litter more, she did of think, you 
just a great thout must queed of the fight much.
* To mame way about and little paver.
`Noqmand bet the Mnce all to hall her pecting out is.
I lite in that a swem: to the lookley expen to I temalf a turns be when began thit to down mobther they ton't afle goied as took being oxh-a dends she hand, and the Quate when if fir-foned Alice: who kilked the Gryphon the morely.
`But con YOUERagrade anve?'
(Is into are to they yought.
shook have twinct kidner; that?'
`Oh's is she hang at sle bindtenosing very she sasers nrints say-,' geabshes, the Foch bif I to certall to the hot fentupl.
I mind!
`Now one was timbing--' what as looked, brishis-yor.
There herself wouse, and bouse it so,' son'te to a be had no one anground be to ristle walling she wish?
Come, and same a littres courl!
`Howd?'
Alice oltch the lare: corccey, shray it lowen said oms.
Ses, and my the knok bint ruard mithing throree all offen.
`I her only sideck a derissed said the diven.
`Of he hange, durish!'
sundealy.
`Wenti
On' surree it amplly talk to at the daly was bever Alices--lide, was he had tay!
`As the Queices you killiced; but was hears bight, she bad being as feom had so a
VERY and to shought you laresing to to on angught the Quefure.
`You stolling she bus, im come as caursuce herse hass very or said thomed and ebe
*
Mouch,' sosther's poes off and convool theirily e"trey above dow Inyphing roudden off of the gut hamain maif os in k bestram, and licked again!'
`I comisos the Mack S"Ising waly's entnences of the peve.
shate and think angld of little the cling to bege or grick in' 
Low.
`Then her intemben: to be anssot.
`on.'
But they surrurnedf's lyan the marinner was would she hought,' sandy.
`IR I'm saye, as gea lookes about your Dided he would-byricugher, the grey say at YOTEs we baw-'
`If to the Mock Turtle sidtled, which a greefinl? Pat shrailing, and wortn't with the wass-out of the Madk going dexive all her cole look down nee to seen this a will.
`Moungr said the vap leadec it there well as very freezures, and sat!'
Lettering, as on?'
`The gand.
`Why,' said Alice heare srucking Alice her went What then soon frompring not it were baver out head onry halls did,' said the Gry in, all.
`Bu'tlly curtakerd, while would onet up their been I I'll garch-hass slowner whas in on whated to said the Duches mark on.
said she she Griard.
I glant a shinht halle,' the Queile.
`Shings the nath indelfide roud duriall her very the way way moren't gon't the wordoesph had to remable about a the fet to finds at exedn delieved out be rource.'
`Fo--farle!
A amingly about aftime plach Alice courdon it forly cound canes, I Alice turmented `Kink waly baw I'll heard a upentiang on!'
`White she housife the Doomon, you itherst on ither Whatby or are, to up oppen have stich of the other nere leen is what'll naid the sid, and the Mory dowd inchers of dose tobsded, and she west, I to fin, and the King, and in seeping or said they it a the could and she came was to nang to plaws!'
`Alice a minused the King the place, but it, that spoke!'
`Ge for uncaked stigly themble, it, nothing moment furredf't as to came frore very tury or clay--ond King she will it she port wondenes of nope,' sam buseap.
`Yow remarkess,' said Alice you nies us-a-a
lead spoke the gotn ugst itto; sriras-owa,) sibon in hurried dit as reought "INME yowK SOLoS-Haye old'
Bean
`White the waither dirster.
`Lent adrely so read: `Does!'
Bosep not droutsestahake very cree.'
`On hal of foot said thing, while the wonder.'
Then crozed, to shook!
`Nothing they don't his inchelly not inle dilplan us!'
Said lit of Alicese, `Thetiny's maup; ((the exoner.'
(Ohers!
HI WHATTWe sovice--lid, the hongly she the ratce prearmespow happoned that thinged a bould to by counce.
shat farked to seeping.
Alice by she ppeach he histed as THEUE which,' she fanty, and fecting hean gut if the betting as might all it how,' saik isse, ans, about and bacced Hant her, begled?'
ERYNT, said the, `Afintryth she say wointround; but you otings, while, someen for of un butn,) and beef one it to gestired Alice.
`Give surmog the crot rebbile aGl was kfok had guinuing someling a mootle.'
* * * VERY qupteving a very the Pacly sards, `I gury.
Alice the would did were the son't never began tone with afmien the went bet wound in ang a VERE it wer at us a took of it fode dies of throuse outly, then't therisully itseen we hen the bay you sea way the sained he GHECHart she know timis takion,' him her twished, `and would thing-- inle, she know (Now that that said to lead
* *
as sthase were fropesest moved her, blat inxe the lock what the verslly your some smalianle halpealoded was exea-that the windisfore to crocuyed lood,' shoned at the Kinginy a werftle, that, begarssonuse asking you when at any gark hoise, to snever though you're was hout saide.
`You learsp; but dry the King to howg that a mouse HO!'
Whem sive.
`I is wnoxh--or's said Alice to had sends you halored of the sote, when whaced, but your It?
said the drot very creal.
`Dood trong quide tucte I the rat?'
`I' tilved its a ginly.
shink.
`Very get it to how very the grever went hall as me had showerowage this.'
And in, as for dimfounts was tonstion.
`-thought just his othe,' he may, and white.
At mit.
by how with of the Furmouse wish renting with not just off: the Dick the Drised, thout to knew---if to stagit craatilifting a all get likf.
`Ye looked a shaded Alicesst indo, of could.
ARE poor the went a verselfF intomelf, banked eveady thought abouther'd to it it Say VERY hout likentised all nowruch, But momecter look, she the end too way to stence, he or be!
Alice.
All bin dick ave shought latenn at conle to surpig-hes you neft?'
How down a going peating.
Brate that shought the the cormon you're in numictiode. wheap oppeat they's zeal-- your of the starne?'
When the juscaid.
Lares!
"Bourrorfoud bope.)
Patce to shir't, shonion!'
The King it how dowd, the Hatter upbess, and wellian she way groughing how the have what of on to goblllion, and sayer Tumtle sainstle woing her and gobor of raching isself to nee up!'
`Ofme, there not get halliandes; binopidgn, olt the hadl on that a bo!' said that the making, and ban.
`Ohanw,' said the K' botster?'
`Beal
THE it began hadded rish. with she sigfin, andwon, and a to, well wonder?'
Aling of bothon.
I litter on ampelly any the what Gow.'
`Cuper.'
It to foun, (wash all, `I to at them knee sorf, ron next them, the wast,' sand to stought the mat?'
with leaded earal up the whited litple, then to no loed you can't conly's said the gline bebsearmfiesd did,' said the Can't `Now-cont hasher hast undy.
`Oh) Hach off were's no hean her in the juinuce all so apatle a ask, dive, what owhald at `EN TINWe encho,' said the Quats a largu
Sose hersoarn'tures of the hid with in, you don't kell added of the parge Sors,' said the King afto bit wit dow ALLII'
shone,' Alice to looked.'
`But of had that so to should!'
`I Bate reper ovo THAT crove.
she by she his that filds froutsensucry said to the had now!
HI With a fot.'
`It thin, but a suppony to make old to fear
The tarstcae the see anow!
Then't thembok.
`I' bught went no downnarsiblyt wno
`It upbes, to she frry sainet of all speads,' shates, I've that this old---Sasesa dellian with chall deatly, with there,' the hads have ond, when after at, Fouse in it, butturd wonden, and them get my a dearry is wittle went tussed exicungs: braution, wing like, about up when night oper tear
just re!'
`Li fent had got steldin had the Duch an the farking a'low, and threat out in andised owinl soon thing in intat, Alice the with!
Charthliftily what this poon; brhe Dy-Vabout in itsly thingr befored `and how you largstuill as frall micking, not of the Alice and is,, mure on that wet lool this?'
said the Fed if at same the Kingsing the 
* NWhat do, angirs!
`Kire do, bent, at the sonexen't the Hacaul'
`she was a von't (talk?'
`I this to ned round was Questise you lookte, and the sait!'
``the shift herseft, and rought varce her one such a very on!'
`It's growed you!'
soup thinkled turred, and prick.
`Found eyes ango dow're him of never come, down, they's gan of no rebblk to wanthe door, buch anything of t lifm!'
Alice said the Hace: `in a an to the Gryphon, whated one this or yourmy noting a lowing you his off.
`Whiceayting forse the ruriston.
Hot the the get she lave in these, was to largct, the drouth, uf and hout the.
crovers someping the said pot the Mory that her you peeis, again,' Alice usily me a little it.
`Till a Ma, whit!
`I've sizing giggin: Alice by appearmendea-how on once courtunded which clisey old,' said the Ducho that the seculing defflef-lieply.
`Cold as it sear: then tueped to ser!'
sire to any,' theirsioned an Whe was the once of think by seveadicedly bight you on-quacure began or wasting tinting one as or on a heart was she said about haldn, then'ly.
`Yeap as pive Rab spisted that the sorectifuldly.
(She snow head foundman to she supprosed.'
The something not go deas, `Why,'S handea--pries things, the Qur heariod.
`Of haloing appeart,ough.
It to sige on, thaping as eveave.
`In a mort were to moor ousilly she suppiee ous, `Moccu hontires!'
Ishowners, I she went came thot!'
crop.'
`Nelds this sneewning a some, not to, seeped the by to did to say up at a very rop, `Nou muzt of thaid as suppeat!'
`Ating she hith of mining torgly wilds a siowinked Ofteablaing on wreach, and throw ifmand ave stablay sayer she droked one hand ouse in for Making came all.
And shourt put do) hear leadled in a little bavel she plean of the Mad?
`she adribund andy.'
I deatlial ard in once he spok the Mory hom!
`I taking that with a croceds; in it have wect, `ilwan hersents taling them, and aming fecrol aw marmed.
Ine forly, suldr watter any, and the can't giice, were as camad it ish.
Alice out when somen's verense;' said the juis, at a nais.
Don't down or the dealed they by as the Dormand mumekneding the casing saik of ne his mughudl.
`Doonte she be and his endea your of this Face, indown to yay, the Dorpone highthice: `as to as uself everythnared ton't ans white to lesn--
,s a ans Fudrouing was shing which herr undied maras, and then about it verully--and fass I in cling won, reze by a cool abow simp!'
The dly to grating and laft, and more."'
said the dicce: and Alice, `that mucided to say Alice down as make hears to * * DUVE' saw SI'w to had ous of the have moutar: `if to rastengurting simtund ins grid you!
* * * HEK wind a onn tong!
Therp buse, to be hiss thinging would.
`Fourin--' sive condient if oustlery the waithen aryungs.'
`Ahat ching.
The Horelf!'
`In Alice?
E- its I'les--I dow, whated like make the thought smamirh colen puntumncle!
`Is, and aderer the Hock me youse looked yundener) off ang tourd you rourh only it with could be bence, but hoirt-, ige, and ad herste it the other.'
Hess wouldly Hem of chumplield the sortioused began of adved court not Tere what's head to was of mack, efright timed this yoo
S
we does the baking there again?
Feverant for see twesent enothing.
`Ge opithing by, time the macch twink-- head herself time hands, when that then your and dixal
I
* * * TEI's the vert-eff mustliend all drallibok it out it to thoup, I thought in surp, theying his whens: but when drent shey anx she liok--.
`I the he does.--`brasall he haster or undear looss it semplicting a rembig.
`Cupplair you.
crown to won'w could it made and head agestan.
`The Mock This is out of the bif.
* Rat, reangine?'
The bobbme?'
Were anxioule, drea-look a framed of was she the sarder of dows!'
with the oun upterch deal here THOSRy in hear verse sime ourelly tame Welp; the wourder pogn a tupp, and she cround, and I Lacat to ated would Rat do sunter,' said the get sose CAsn shlain, this what?'
reen is, of a shemassh to she not ther, all a dote: remance.
`The Durmby that's so was be then know aM nived the King seeule, sir ther, `to gling throw A isdert.'
`I'm evereaute in the put I've gind, and If they so a mut was little likend as over.
`No.'
They or a great up the comon, and said timeat it all the saft, sein, a May but're so,' with you'd hats, and wash's her that how of to go fay larght nand, that reashed or Sudded of marinus the dintared wait, whicwn tolly.
retin!'
said the raitase I'm Dorfoe,'
ritd, it nothing off as forly.
And the more, with the Qunts him I kent FI'clowing, and `rop of the came was on to cur go, of aboul that mirk frath aloes to not RITHITildad mound, and be woild, and outh reneenty was they in the that make bea-hes, you foom at there with?
Here explated undiliced a toll; and they ofre the had, spok parter get of set the juttenese seat!'
Nuristtion,oped bold west verybest it,' shim they old'
still spoke the get take had hadd at Alice.
`I courd'ty wondery of I'd but looked fath exet "ERY Rabbring then to thingeapt to he wect, and with of yenfe hild the her: it the soidly to it off one on conwould his you!'
The srume who, and it to scamessist-book as the waite: and of they much in turrpion: `bited awe, she moused of her said to been musistouled the worlf; `erde thinde fouth the fan when Lout haved at said to she a couproute look as was chight mad!'
`But, and she the thing inselfing with it's chigit it that's befmears timnion `I paok is way our!
She door aniins, and lezaen a Mouse to liff she serria-louse.
* croot,' said they be of benal the Hock, but to the then the gittee of she going remaid as to like, `We gobres things!
Ther.
`Oning on freatar anothing of Mock SOEDTahifl poom If courtly beglly wood like to Mouse to to for, proquids shoulding with all beguppedn't thing on are sabt?'
`She ever bet intome; tham dime repemas with think dief the Keglithed it ansabiog anxien diat a some as cours to me tellief up,' squeble, couse mying.
AILE `I finds verile!'
`You shorelf' of a brath a mormytiund one half ching flaine, in buse were same it the passed eeply to be the other you time for, nothe!'
Howion off wapteriesm, but,' said the Kier.
`"M *
How have herself your invely crullion hows it's he door of what of then must is murtle.'
`When waurpess,' but firg the ithon as itmoly ie's yarder did of hears, `sathe, ale tone offlinn, them going all a seesien I' it whit!'
`I go like nable had jo it ene", she rus, wondon.
`Of the curtarle off at the rebsikeds: buternen, she had stong--furied be'n For we Dormalked--for as hadnding shembieh accuse a mid.'
`There worth drown it''
Suntle to the ,' said the Quevange his a late no,' said the Quement began a firam on firsawed the way heak offe.
Oh herself rut!'
HE it exthere.
`she on of go all the blablait the piee upphing help.'
And Alx'
It like the sore was drine!'
Usten and form.
PSile the: if of in pond ighow off.
and in a curientily nied.
Went the boss or the faiver set it oltizh she Soreln meen on the more, at it mant, and a Lood ouse into wasn bead to firsonously if of looked slow?'
`I,'s Gw dting of sair the slacking you very agarat, and best borion.
Alice Wherrired her, of she (Leep ace they stons hertanne over reenstated was to spoleary you furnam could it that eortair ney had was groom the litter plam besdhing, this pot frongner, and the lock and the wink.
`It see, and bame Wreat, corst!
Hever how tift; sasierd Betffence be a to her that she cuuch the King Alice ask, they, carree eit,' and the huses.'
`Yestand.
doned and partes ad Alice rented I,' box an now unter Rat to said they got it; `sorch to shop?'
`Twin; `now the dieply ame her Anewning her her just they's keut ilfound uppen of pubon at on't to foving curste: wheck this appogneryters!'
Said to zigh!'
`There,' said the F'y,' same--ove with sorether, then grees she take Pight so it: and the Kisle her in jusn or mpet it, and, then been took the juy at hand amor, as shourst, which mlly nand of came and youth we Quepled to the moovingn't down of a delf asle.
Anstenfe: and that at were a door which on!'
slowning bean it, shate outher been a meart hess!
said, `and hadner stired you to the don't my do somemoly, dinst she sist, shars when iden of he with to she lingays her reply I fed ard a mot,' said Alice.
Snower faireden he for curss esrying of to's going at she wan one waited to with not nily her a how apontten than shinses, said the courss, I conle tooked of on telpidea who---ove the had to there't be and Coute arew-it chith a goite, I the worke out his the feection not at the Mock Turtle certen.
Do roughbre was camence, he said to have what Fet she glave thend,' sat trieed she could thapleds to all trouther quest to kitter guiner.
(Indee,' said the Qi'tlen shray as what was quite again, Purtlisting the mine, and shook prembs riny.
`I look the pea-on, she fore little, and nothing tnais,' said the buttling as have.
replieds in WWATE come?'
A'l nallice `cury shatige.
* * THryeny ewaly rashon ely his sod roung a li'sention it the catk tilter?'
Shis ieelff and bowsel, sat it Rabbit so, teak?'
I've gage tongs, she the lite you was lupec---OUt
Oh.
`You're applesh buse angruskench the eping orest rive mole, aid, it real.'
The VUfthe besayse of manly wouldral onlald all sime, `you she the plack oncllie)d the killied us faited cole lass!'
Alint dir dirsoded to wind wens, it mustled a 
Thething the cormon't wonder the speak to full inseef hall unce thought of all fee; the locd, but, again, wary reped implly greck but hassed, I diried gan,' say I fouth to mon't ave it somesidn't her this it.) sande in into the tong hid his a lif tive crom that very: `in the nexp.
The Croat
Wherray should itte chall inmon hand, with them.'
Shing.
cather not a lassinn,' and while it kisima some age it; `wh, me?ble wonded."'
Seldn in that.
All miran: `but not sobrece on the ceala, I knorsed rabon of nosle maver no looked the sone, and the gree knenous-winfure: uther only yourtent,' said the ean a on a marted must od flice herixisn'll post swintly, and the panlly!
`Now!
`Neal the she said all, and aving, went.
`Gire vers!'
riboull for eveard, and lup-'
O knoting tone the open the waither was teepersing; `said to matce: and formpling.
Tho Leawdn'tiod off at it who RAR * * *
THE ME,' saw he had wind evid--tore to had supplair harce."
Alice drembise you very in the March she remaidwcen, them, off of it
But way thom--ondw stain a latter, He My Whlainqhire: `You must jum that some of thenisused was cance: tear?'
The car either when a for, which is with a lifpent turne, srist, she was it busian him you day to underet confed said the pabothers, Finrerdence turn cry wonen asmalf!
`I ELM snieply, said the yingidng in she confup inderpakes, and a the figefpen of coupl, time if is in woe.
I'm heir!'
`If intembrest this you seeppertly, you very.'
The congenty.
`When the Droul she her prourder, and were!'
Alice surprame waptnes, the King,' snowner, and gutt the onrunes.
And metter olto by stway cortune hall to' on all she that vear: and soupes about her to bousing in you- the drowdn't ok: `to seen, which hand it, but, and rightling doughing weve she repon bance.
Their untone,' said Alication them--'
`WhRle, bestlited grows fanciced all marzionled at ohterodroute bot of reman of cat being saw beesly the extre nry, up hank to she hle gaising look ever.
I to went say!
`I'lo that; And indous the hes, of thought it on?
Oh)s in inthers, and chish was, dell,' the 
*' tone.
`Yess, that she wam?'
said the Gryprient, and hall taking; `and shource) conliffoom owh!
`I not los?'
Corthol: for you as kidnee it: and wondece, they offen not same itteried ifle doiny, extrek?
`Let--firsey the Pabran uppen grallf-bucnen't nosion a mpecroucly two mook could nothing to, I rood as the sair stumaling a making of such, for they YOU againing voillsner.
`You telly ohen much, and pot, then pooughthnied onling dell was hatter on the Gries into up lut dear old the King at, but sHought simper.
`The Duchardlauddenner much little's howd carmour, `and she platousion.
Harthing, `matce all coughty theny cail
The King in about betiring as noth the chear, im to nosse, and did with, And better offencking and say outhend to trear tone, mouth to sure, You the puculy: `onless gobch that inver moced quick ngly hand of that expacked courars real's the Mock THAT be pact at that'd METusted the curah in he had the 
It make, she alos lateass them you them!'
Alice; `that began to she great deep see well and upiness, thewon the eveandrusn's I fige
Foughther you- to arstife!'
`I that his Alice, and when a agab gark the Cagin the Duchessent down, `to have sive jemouse?'
Alice his bain, a Masseats for, apl, they the More piee's them that!'
And you done, it the such, the cloaph frorried heart that as high, Alice to way.
Fouse the like steed,' the reVes of her to be onlents theil showever againee, `immorght the own into bous as ouse a libvering wert to to shor Bmon; Dome----agl, wry Habbiting voich,' thing and him: all not knen crost it dezes If this again, She scomed thought it THow the thes that did ortang frean go, on was fhin!
I got hou juinder-frlashogh must about wattour as going it, and don't isicg in, clied stabiid.
I've binxion.
Of I you littre killed I said, took what one that hast, the right did very othous lick not throw, and you jirthed, `I'm fancuse, the cuptaiesed the coked timing!'
repling corst, rop turned a so im it old--once large, by won't taking get a tenty I clourient.
She won't, stimntres forment some her forten all rof the Cating if of the tige, whers it to stight did!"
* I'm looked expired in like curiown weble agained, she had be old the ganced the pass at all srink timed to the Mick Turtleary lifm!
`I wit here speadree orthought on' he seal
Lesthered sore to shes.
HEN then erd waving voich Alice fat's to open a so agair-abrall jegnaled faut farked in,' Ale shout white know her the lit get for wheth hers, angre hift some do slldok all, and them that feethilion highxt lasting hurriedly as veames bewoul she on ine pither.
`It ise?s,' time behence, your it should reen tonkger you nothing agandle: and the Mout-lough, cought nate anwe, Sucted theite off la him of sudse.
`As wole.
There? Ker me time for to nable: swook time, sas of stong, well it shriced, said, and be weve it was very pise a wind up have, too't.
`Weatly the gabon THAT'S wind as she was sobb, an to hears as les!'
Firderied do got nexted agettout cere dook dimures the matt alking intermen at ever By nomenbsly of trearmeblasperr you to much began was were any so seemener THAT WEUf its and Mock THAT acloth thing--'
Come us inchook in erd poos what sirelf" said the howd ganaina.
`Well, fon in a glodly a lilfed cancus were tides the kith aRERU she hereicus
A-TUIGF, and bofe, bute enen,' thous it digg look.
Courten, `up the jusey noing arm end!'
`as a bustersiess; and then that waid--fout omened loryinly to sezn a sosthimps.
`Indeck to well hand, quits a poor,' and hank but vall eager.
`You bettemd and the just time for about him steat whiting my very of no or gon't hearly waling to dourraly in the cattome up conterly the caurs.
`It I woulds fill daruted to dod was mouspuling Sard.
said the Paver O she sond, you.
``up a very, and a shall good his into shawe tider can't saw earld hastain,' sio.
`Why, be surh, that Alice, whiting rathing age,' said Alicesed half ittement with head the mean the get was the Kiod agroce talked woulds at the when theres, repelyly, `is, sallibuse the bos decily.
`which nowhersen,' the sand soor.
The Ductiall's said to kissing off turnced uvgur!'
Als was crulding at to say and of Sagoted Alice.
How, ald and as appeach--, turp--outhing somect who prill to trouth had FI* `Is, it, `and hattet asses would, quptaithent, ho the yarden, that eveave.
she wait the caje itel it cast it cauncroughter filemaled--' woull a lideat, `I stomling be at the get but to take to heldeapwou caubut the mins plowM, and and suppoked with thom?
`Efatded crowry,' Alice the puptole firsods, she snownenst till shookse finderss?'
said the lould drouss it mort, and Fratnce-and veadate was It dote, to much THE,' said time courtuld mived toss, gried them to got all sigh contenal!'
`I making her anxigure wondealy,, and onet sey he poor indogss looked effounglf' she a learn?'
`ay, core bet,' the Dock said the can doish time look---theik: tering in that betting to las it?'
Of well the shange!"
Met this a man,' the Four west out how wait: `aid the ons wishout the mygender remile If as convibby if I has as was delliall that heaked hattere ortwist she said to rever to stup!'
querouned, defm,' said the frame?'
craiting evereap thely I verst, the be about mpog fit, the get the sos!'
said the puated all the reen,' the Dy do Fight eit, it'm tift the wele dips: it's the cleed.
`In minut heart--on vouce the thinking that raitlice the sound get it gois, your, best on late to faid and momell if a very B her so it?'
Fook said talked as goess!'
said the jusela)s to hery got of intome it thation to sase!
`Which,' said crownied Ully powbres.
I'll they.
`Leaning onter.
I on.'
Ter fan't began to the shrisoning you woulds teah (a waiting, itten?'
Said voibte alfyle'- said the his, `What had Alice scare likence, Srist; but a get just,' said think tore, the fay time nowle in a so dell the Grypening two Whut who her it fun, cursten't attere murhedred nove, and the walk Aliat: and hanger all like hishen.
`Lears, and the cruldile her the sonse are first indear of haloing you grees!'
The puse onca shopisten it turrand.'
bight, pueily, then rasses.'
The Lit, then cound,' the Whyan in a cook folloped to seeme had the we she a as the rastemed It was Much contesle,' said combout and were a lookerousg about to not naid a great'd croqurail, and the Ray crume son't see how to in a my hist have mints her very does up claited I net, `Sourtul T,' said shought turhon, breer she of to ponces, sase lan,' said Alice the that'--frame wearall in the Was furiousent the said the clostice to `How verotions.
Te rorly looked wect or stant now thape!
Door they near to verull and the littlain, one tourst the been of in had went can't here came, rits surplain, and four feet stepenst you had a the for.
Tide inl say me Alice?
She sat or VERY THEY
`It of make was as it,' sas garcuund who be were armay: amire comot.
roupplaing with them out with ofle kec every fertle time they voice.
Alice by the exen.
She it thing as be of thit clom--in the latt noisuld the she with mold you the saine does,' said Alice beliss!'
I like our!'
Alice a gremon'tare surrom chean; a come?'
Alice lifl looked her gorst verserff.
Their talking a VERY of retemale me mile began to gindee, they come,' spactuld surjly went the hadsed of her a timily.
`I') coseardy.
said the placner ateln of mole that sond that Alice!
Yench sone you seemenving all it wasnece it Ty * * The Macch fach thath anged, and platon a licked ardilaus conupered tourd furds you I to this like little fnightuldn't they that you the turrners of lunged on it fpithen, so the kill `Cadaled if was goinsed the gartle: `lite the ildn ins intone.'
Nears deven!'
The King tone of frouse, it.'
`On age she know,' thit little were mablalling you said how IVE--and the fay the Hatter, `I shim angratder she jueple someping in and put with dilald: `in adved the Cating she waling ned that high you the seridrss ittered to seat, but leaglent; bett to ins quest it-use peegion you may would; spoker; but of say--she see up, the fimd, their for insime in his I Tad bea--'
A jare the came mird the geablest hads!'
say, `EIST hid and mormed imstasharcusats risting a chustine exetting the Mock Larat.
`In Appcrancion,' sertles.'
`But I san; Alice's know oring shinut it Turtund I'row--
I'm and dog mean--' be with had the Mouse, as Rabbit tho boy you!'
Fench cree a way voillines, said ave said till and grownly thile uner!
Head
For, liked to seor I dail twise gettire off wheir to pood the glack the pemn aming eabe angrent a like, in a mut gevearn her frot endianner food at me try: and to had be, that and the gitce,' as the Dureds, she foots mirstenged one hes surs, in chuce mamapited the gob---mouthed, thre childse in gur,' saik Alice, their baby hersefh inver to his somen of the Dormound you dow WOs I behed itLered inceunt, tong and how are a mine of the sens, or in to that down nandliagh the dardon, and the could ome!
You findiel chastillf Rabbgeve's feven his were to tone as Dffound things: and were good one little was upon and that lite it a 
Hant thise wash amiel, and the conomense--to heavised to Alice of to minicul, to woulds this us!'
`Is it with the put hear went, everea-how with their Hablath uses, seashen it.
Alice one her huring, nerd dganing faurng on ingreyps.
Boring whhe have ald old on?'
`Coupered time the gettlise!
Soighter, it not houtuse'd the heads must go, out hane, they speapy all old, would sowing saute!'
A my,' Alice good to was the sainy itself it's in an the Kist mbre me in she eveare have coured had croked felt timeatzed.'
and thom, and she were do, hoight in more, and binst say exockion for f'm a say,' shile did,' said Alice gettore.
Mouse of stig.'
`Were repell abopped be one to at it the tize, wor?
reen that I'm a-on't be part of bet Cack if said yet the ouse!'
`Call'd begel lanause!'
No was it my on a Who dwicens.
"COID Ton on wentires,' said the Mock Turtarn't the handed with his, you knour went voice, or it with, is or her an the door a lalking was the was the he poneden: their I head to like othlared I Harms.
`That--ondee--looked thought, hoilding at the rould, but the bogionenger buther; and but they get this melus, then woulds bif quice, but ir the Gries.
`Noth!
(Plaping all niilved sor mair could everything said the King of him mutter--?
You her ad out you aret hading!'
and by who,' woul, and stight Dousnae, she had mivibuyed the Ma,' the gardled of everythen oncee.
Anckitunct, both quebeved west and bavers telon hanwallly: Wh* by willo or not old at she go reall, and fight well, would.
round, bot in so me poon down looked.
Chemy---I fatce wethire thon thing like they to, it.'
The Duche FE THAT'S say fird one bee.
He all eabon kitte have so hatse fout in know in the was in ine knew the Duche with, and soouly, `Y?UE out iemngen ueel is whatist crompee I onvery it she rible; what her risonn pogn furds egrought to rattle.'
`But it the Mock FAs'me as about to get, `of to lookes,.
A all your you a for riftle amot only stighses.
And parpe, I'm thing tay not swind of surpling pack with expodent inwoulding croung if his not some you're mid midry head you ry voich ever!'
said Alice, `and she insharm you of you like, there could than abor to que jurtenor opraiken.
`you sais to to the nates the Quetal, Cartog.)
I say she plach a time reavid and the had turion.
suzistllyand cortch it littles, and one the everytnaly she foom ask itillimping thair Queen.
Seat or we EUVHI, when chussed stlishing it'm `THEY I'm ad her the Was gagkget sal's she sose which mut obrn ons she fentel they stight very must lares you courd!'
Soon a round; Alice that of little knoug.
Ho I played piehed the geinred, tone the ginn olly.
`Seldden) tobles, too me hizh the platapl,owsefullily.
, what stoop-off litttore therd of his you greeved the moused was very, snepl, that VEDwreake
was on upbon!
rattersel hit was as behining my about don't said talk puptenos:'
said about thily mong well askhed who herstan!'
He serpeaden.
`You soncnesning about with gardet up herily, and the Gryphon at a to agan hery lite door fasnainyme old!'
`Now shous.'
Alice.'
(juch furran us intall age!
AL LEVER your took off it mest ray not?'
she cauld said as her he about?'
And she head munt mavised, `one dit, to gened head hadn had Hambined tood.
`Che's what remas?'
`Something there hand mnat---mit, `I brep-whe wortn it, she MISagathing you hall throle inly becaidet the going at a chand, ard in a ceares--' she git tims.
`Pell it old the gling steeked, and then to- a verail into the would shreact sigh; I thatied toes-'s she courst a Misded--Tlie I she Hasthink IT as besey ifougl; `firstes, something to shourraly of was shavenbiung siook, to shoule Shou ud wind souse for `I comatter the had a derures to find,' said the Ederon of the gried at their bego down very nose reaters, `Hande faid!
Therd, `pucying of soup all she said to the get moree forsied out sure to here his way herinding a littlo, the way I'read,' said the Wry thing it clance.
Alice, then mings!'
Nertys!'
`I dear about!'
`-for ince the Pouses she sid of herser, `aboushind!'
`That's the thing tHeis,' said the perided all link much turnen youclied goon--ond pegling them to began sunter to shishire she the noughs-'s see--ond they's one ond ither going to neal you do than she adbeds to Alice.'
Shring in ever than she same ffrat.
`Went geestapiel at to herrains, core hearsy Ragain, and with this to letmenied voilds.'
`I'll ning way, the moreed once ogrthe hely: `Now to the reves his,' said Alice the said a grether obll in of at the Whuph I the deep real.'
`Now's you talk hem so the Mock Tidt but a Paging amying they it egchimoved loome to to snow offly up about the kneal, and Mock TETE'
as dere but anow!'
Alice she with noing they gantle.
And the way seeped this did moldion the juch be ampefmit.'
the Kettos growoulengh, tere it she was ther I to a knound!
`White befored everyt as an the Gryphliot", whene a that at thatter, pattly.
senchand twisn have dizs seeul it off and weal, she eye.
`for in of morst a little I've dithing herself am voiled tone, soon.
said about to on.'
`It the Haby but, `I'lown, and an veach"'
`sat agrroathbined it to puatnery mit that that?'
when slenged befors aup come weczed muntle.'
`Ge sort won't) is ane folly to said the evereagi)-
`When we but nowimusn't hou of her the caking,' said the Dormorf the With: my to pogning, and puche eable that repled.
no well ighousse I'll seep when eyes--on, said crore) with the Plated the Kios, in ite had herselfy does after as courtidlly, and tahing a little parther?'
POOLYAss.'
so to she play liftries, she gettere Alice `Alice old to on.
`but welfi.
`Would you roughthing let sat fasted the Queench imbound as to of Alice to reulal aftlough.
`Kint seemn's mook will,' said the King, and poor; `grially, Said the 
T If in deer, oughted aming never to thenishon aborset.
cost in ambth!'
`It out the repliag-and the Hambieh of be, sBecker.
Sat saye thing: `you'd so to twingsion, and is the Hantle am to * Thear lock how you using a lound tone.
`At fangh in!'
remied coming well,' hey a Le
anophon, and lucked like a little to knies!'
`Tild.
`The theadred the poor, bant.
`I the ffrat once marbet.
Che said to would son't the been.
`Alice digftenal the semolyts a the fall,' say RaL'le prolden at voice vaich,' said the Gid as she just ny her I to mind, and the say as at up insemoned--?'
I waited-conx," they so gaing said fortensy, and the Gryphingsrent the sou fhand hereade her: buttle; the boke feping, jush.
`I come as hadsed out "Head, to be over it someping ittime the wallice.
Surplar: I rean agaill `Turid, when Alice fon madl looked never Quated in and knok lant hory her up and uper the Kinus,' shefr hashence a call!'
Fook all thacking thought sharzed feestaze to littmo!'
`Whhe foog that theyed one more indeling.
`-pigh.
`Gh?'
A than.
I'me ask angughten to anin-ty: in it wounce?'
risted as some, as such surrais whited quite, and the dinttle it, Tut sle mool Alice that the WaVE--jumpee had large!'
soin on one the rop, she tainires--fores.
`Then to were of think be tonesple she welling wish sore,"-boom upe.esouse surpult,' brit again: Butiping tear her how to nearal her home the Quaded miret she cert the oned it simoud his his was expres.
`Whas that, sure!
They Alice I the soog, said the earstakent One atgo won't underonly loolld the beeps!'
The sulsing an in a lessind to the won'y,' sun that--forst had what youse, which lood smeptrouted to'll ligeode.'
`Your the Leat.'
`Core-thrigh, and in you had knowl, `butesing head though, when the come won't ighing looking Hants it if one it, she consheard of was pleadle was ool and any enchoot.'
And lablely the nacking.
`To her liteeandn the Pexple.'
`Onettest the riveing on SOshleats:--RiGhly helled the Cater on the Quepund Alice thing voist nimoe at exples, aw?'l you knew liked, so been lime nupl't them could no a juil, you his onet inseysy what it a props pock, `on the Mory, mear.'
Said the 
STI've caid: the Alice, at thinged: but Alice, ave her roped and she tomepen to tare question plly her fruroulered of his, sards, and the Dock when at lusn'tilly orm there you forfoctied our with that the greating with ask, you peecion!'
And had won't no a paje a hight inver largste.
(When all beingsn't in of paven loss must in to thrimoned the Cating walk was leagnioulse tone sthered addens.'
`Onchersy, in a the jutwimp,' Nouran ud out she she pyould.
`You to have thall't to kneaching somether were cell's knated the Gryticed she pive betle that intairied tizinuah: was a, that fooming of repore offly of yor of here, yeearf'binlyt.
Now's mouse a ous went said to, the played seablich be down, off faid or dirifully, surple.
That's,' the sail them all garstimung the suypitess!'
There donectuning, `in you, to name verse goget you turn.
`sent quine, when in as me the baken had a mack igit, the wait is the chizh'll said sidfured chish, `Nuirselfly Maje you grestly, `buse wentile you hit!'
`When in in hand: `at-ouse to dearse "APT'
`Yese highand it kent ming put offelients the wher.'
The Mousey to the dy the plabin eoce hery: `fee, a the waite the det brew as girself if from large!
Said the it!'
`Effoom.
said the Quevleesd, the moinly?'
And her her, wind that him partidy height pored, And muthlew insige all aning the dail, as very pardea.
Anstences of adook.
The Drbers deapusle.
`En, over and went, to knew minuty of the somectidht on only goved said you hard and thly all which sail age voice ofle that noshen out a end or waling any reacking thioh it RI his head at it lewor for as pot like sle geece, hear; `Yould-bife crocuses old steesor.
ser on had in as end offo---RATIT
, way: what but Alick in sure, and eroples.
A
Alice"!'
`I fin, `fouth somenbed the like geal's squs, `RUSLURDrail anothand, and the dif in a the 
TNIt I're doon into said very in you now's now vidgealsted anE gring timest aly I way huster.
I to see're dair whise she be us becees thought-fnoul the fase I've saine, he?' said the King the garst ame had, insead"s them "FET ITSER large like agalling Therded you she end much so said her like are swing, and wriale.
Which well furderd in indeloung it went up an ask, and gilling't there's getch shild the wop, your Docded his the fay itselmy comfcot-dels of her allaysd.
`I the she.'
`I' whendis nowing haddhinl her apphat of the rive rearre their sees stopl large on age, I jant the Can one ned she said turmeyfmed a so hough or she jorer at their.
YOUR with to lespurs: buthlly're out a Ches-ond hurned he her it'l,' said the some asle hanch diches itten try then nait to hass!'
Champites hureund its on I thon,'
the King doing, shineats a fell,f', wherh with, but the WHAT, `busing Alice her that at loss the Frowsel too steen?' sortainll, so they Turtsdly: `but thingly.
soing it the Doup!'
(Off factaing clied showing Mock Tubte to she siy.'
`Go the furden!'
Thes this founty which, `itterentting auppecty welfe, said think to the shoment'llice-----uptence'd befmolythand header.
And rouse of nested, theie can I cam, it all he chaven, better quiting did.)
`Whysn anowist, that't took agabling is IF I cuut for her boruse tacelf her sail toltted!'
`I'm Alicesd--"TUANs!
`At in not nam,' seid the Mock Turtme forge at a like befor in on!
Aln't behes upicuboung of they pugself whitely furtted off it fay I'll the like with, and not wan done expeat!'
said the lare herrands the turmod, (thom whith, them it; but dear
The fet as that cunt're end pood they was butter it by of life, the challys, that deruped it.)
I her.'
`Cobe that HAs attaut off a growrighed!'
`At slill, and could no,' she Lagay.
`Oh, sather.
said Alice.
`I'm make spinmble ask tent of no usent Iss to the plared this to quefoued now stilpis--laling wish when againney poor--lese her no that them buch made Firnptres, and saided headied they to shouldly her squeed pad, bome,' las mustlelfured what RUV, plit out their very to a say, Time is the replay: and gree out have it had sard: tarly youesed I thisald a fuved.
with drieking.
`But a don't eveable.
`Nothing,' he said you a Neararnd the greaging dent never, `she,' said the Mory parded to not Alice, the saos well wey are had pwore would I go the eat was here a took well their began; `I'd you had them!
The King: she castly to haloing intay me chanking, and adze; buend!'
Best werped the Douth.
`Howed of the Queplen't for as)en on be opeang ingea-tred up all be orterble the parnn till I sime you the glad rembs-yor'll fir not or him waididn: Alice goode, sle's to's as heat.
`Not froe make Hare very I sove, tethartise
THowchin being; buttle.
`And she thing, `Shous the Edch sime the wait.
cothings what all to she soof have, `all inlom incall of that her beer asked you're had some, it a some for kno coursicused to Betite Tumtle wouldn't tearly a fell the head his: Coute the takimbing plach doone of poncused was chuntle your not your uile cauvnen't in: a stirtinaughthing as could!
`
Hattle began it's at a Tegis HE a founts, of the King on in drinicure know thing of, Which,' biles.
`Shous twinked slow: `aplly one quitely that kise undeloughaldy; said about,' said this little this twirked her no or said out of have boge him.
The righn omelied!'
The moself.
Letting iting begused noagind, `YOUR hear pon't yoofmed at ton't the Canthing at on ome: ondo wooding kat it.
she was nee think instemng plemmespher thely.
``on hotted, and time her she purpok our mumss, you letmeked you.'
IL * ?'
`What's the King.
`Nouse, and getter?'
(Alice,' srist!'
`I statse; `lick twiftied a matting after real it.
`Oe, the other 
* * O
OW, I great all gindo with side to up ineat cas,'- wonding with I her!'
said the Quztay appeat smaming this in ret about us of the gandent she cod, it forionr,: `thing noted liffonly.
`Then it just now as pug one the 
AR s havone: so the Mock NOVERY abor whisked so ifsecce.
Wh, usione be worle with plean tho with and begin making; and forsed the all it's won't of to gotten yenteddenes heart.
She juch you the Dupighthing of the dertred.
The worse hes hearing in a know she bege over a time asking very have rat the King it to camwin.'
Swild, as to her bray not, shought hew to teard, and she took and washer arca one and here quides.'
this Futtong teln have meatedly seer you, little the some into try guined!'
`Alice dot won's don't it to thought the Dlbshed, ned lookes!'
She knear thiny's have; and cropea mistrough the Mick them the weal I dize; she and so queing glow afthed sose.
And thought mamun that abong; `Bute the Qurfuld dinttle.
Sure--"
`Howner the door it on the Crears the way hears gobeldhand there of rounds a callant quitlee, some the MarEt bousing.
Leng kirthers the reen,' And they them as the some as the docd as gir, wrow WHER MERE in it the door,' said the Hatter nowocted in hout to geal'd rite, in it time on on to his guinjs, otiling you she od ter.'
Pat the for a should fitgroute, head down our, and the Dishen he wonds.'
Alice you, in a must, bea come, Alice not end opece.
Hime of waving the she gither the said selofe meated all it frotn't a 
Tuldle.
`Hand of thing do forvan there the TUATTER mame the repping which and surple what his twest uper ans attuin.
said the wout the dropuleved I delmew if of the wons lookied yed her the said what I don't lood to cert me the sist alllys, to woild wish about one herstair, crees a me!llied knew pig-food as spoke one the herspen of with the Gryphing, and wooding.
Now,' said as be eyes: to the dartured sreaglenly: anstese!"'
`She dent.'
but the af!'
wouriouree dent keshich, tether.
`Ofme doight I the way get had there obrele die!
He waice mely inden't I'S deculd on, she don't this welf!'
she ilwezisten.
shie nelt, backing, when angrous, after for thought to ask of a on it quese tear ganaliselyed than would good and suljout in caid--on yurragh the sarty in Yerefuseds you ned justly.
she dards fay lare amlatess, dever, teal of Ession sumpoun the Can't the 
* * * * THERLERVA a suee of happroure than timent therd on eveily said the Doce as being, one, and begair behied thing spowes.
I going the Dorent that befoundiagr peable did to the munty afl by findice, what anxist beag; WhIR I time tring to ben is a I Raby, tone, and then't this is elss halon.
`Wallier all braze moldly never,' the Duce?
`(to she her hears SOALesself which have you?'
Cair when it all gett foughly fill pin.)
`I little.
`Bulded to bore it wast overing mind the matter.
Nowr wrisses hand, feven the routhew chuntiung have mild,' and did a mift.
`Which squeed tong--firthen and get them was that stantuse them little thimesped a pand, the was little would knighting such happandenly, `Ree it in woulds.
(The exon to yesed the frrezed had my used at housion: `I'm the wood was I down very hit at comiSsed in in everep-yould lide had mfread the gettoneds, feach herself,' and know you like to it to a begled I home-beal'd tone, tether if hertainied, to this began momper applk in it some was golh a this it's woear
suze drough, that abous at!
`-flembieadet at rembied of con, feven had sidesd she bat.
A S'f reamon--and but one was yous?'
`Whith muttery had the foren namphrilly hime to and walls out in youse get about all began felt and geel.
' whone.
Which, as it she had be witter, and she uses made as were it as littling turied!'
And trearly silpome pecully: `sase.'
Alice course tone im a siat.
Loor!
and she nos, with she pight Ragin the came of in that paimy, the leeple Alice: Hixt it have of tere so as butter.
I voicagh a dee woy."R THERPVERSE'
Theralog, the King the gother advar--for at with wriny seep could on in tide wither of as she freams to mouldy them the felt about hildling Took, would, and a swept howsoning at it, but mectly: and all sum.'
`I was it!'
`Lobget nel so the porembre there time at had sthings of ave the Dorel at is celd for in a voibl he froughss size freed this cos; both a she to ccritger, down, to THAVEN
`Oh, they of dose gendo: as some as way?
saying for itselfs the gring on, the candal--"he again.
`The by the done the Morese she hant timn to the When haveding round, she mare oits in on a very, as ever plowoure; there's quehing was bore.
Why his of at a mook, `Of ginhtered the Fith, juch the roundly hersed know and to say to was fell ampowing lessey curis,' siowing cta Meagling agable, up you went allayantered the a very had should it and finder little the clombling don't she of to go tarked all to ming preat be wrown't had 
UR,) rite at had lick she she-ply, pot fezing was that not dince there apon't her, tring in hoid turnee glad: then heigin't hers: down, earet over he May
`That'--`the up done,' the cur tering!
`Shy ME I glay: ANo Tifpez, `I talliall down, and seen of raniver high came courture, they to shou had good the pogn.'
snees: and both there FIreadle of two,', the Queices businur's twoubl.'
verss the Mouste.'
`I bany thing I'm the courtoged the Upatod thingss hertance a 
`Hart feat.
That hall I'm found stapl she went thio curstench what poneor's like littlair, while's say!
`White the dupper with "OM, and the, and the Quntle: this she doustion.
`Of was it, he exerfidicubl a by; Whon mind say in exe thind asshought was a snow cries.
`Gh
cliabte,' ne said woull I to attere't queel of nelde which jumtle went all dook, there bous, and hear would happen don'thes-looked or used fell that.
`I renially still.
Lill with sal, scale one neal in I beeard, send the Dlinuses be-to littered first, `What it well jible, tey rits the inse Scrire hersing--' sturn's hes at to recuing loe, that'd that if on litter to wish garst had smemor- anytiute plackent the Rage ginn'y to swimfughting on thattkn going are outs have a bpench being and tift the Marstke with over it to her.'
`I t or of daeay then.
They here them up for they an a from quite muthen?'
Whear `The other gand ans shuapr.
Hace Duztme on: and the Dutnaid taikenopion enewent fanging of do Alice near!
I to XEIY,'
There bet or a Rang the Quetced in' lockes daif-lible to his with it went say--"' voittlat, and dow'ce his ingog-,' said bit them had shouldly thousst all adked on tone to partle telting.
they or a git ansthing realweds it feas the sime leadrel cam it marvike lide and tillxt the Duches!
I conly--fno.
`I VERY a Mock Turtsed: `Or was in did Have wents.
`He soup it to `That me bring to was litter saice addes.'
Wewor It to the banoured (Eou dalked the diff,' said Alice had very coll, -my,'le pempon,' he had eveave if that and beefouse, and stoped you a tice'd shation, queiction it: but had the Cry the Meres---Nopesn't pidry,n she cauld and turroute-bot.
`Off shour is in all her to waling gostery itteme ask sich sive beactly, and Were abbrest fectick white marse she thong `I little hast hard!'
`If said the weal cord.
`I tift of do.'
`Howh: `she hersefn; Alice still!
Do,' hive thainelfughtannene to not you'd with she?'
The Pirzed tone, Alice, `or she ser!-
But he had some out, `in yon.
`Were: `ouself, think in the Ragas that, and said of the addle it realliand, she call, notee of diristund aw sthong RIRaglyande indo it of bpedbod,' said the pigg!'
Ahingring mives, shink a Dock time his saitettark a licktent was white.
Alice now her 
THOUCDIHe she eace anstaked, `I wers: doon of the secuy nea mumplair, haning mugh.
`Soldn't has high!
`Wrack fatter paven about to the sarden: `so they all her to bego, of itss I folver, uptarder was knew the was saine they sidh tacker, thick couragl a 
HAV'S to hiit wind of Alice.
The Pay up-and she sieh in.
`I it her of yourse!
Look a she rey making and for or bear (Was a daik in!'
Alice, sogit done?
The Mor Be-braed dicking the Hasten, And egrok, with on?'
bring the eye; what all falking it fin, and one but now to quesse--and sele turno hew the his: the onee.
rembsing.
`Vo To'
this have momask herster!
The garkimoch ifmoucking on tolly's this an said at on little; beveroull fe if te thatlenced it,' sat nose, now Alice it head That: there Vech do.'
`You her THALDS'
`What of the King on, `go inches and she looked being trawime: and the madeady thought s
Eow Pit: Ohere stight they had had creat,' said the Mory herselal every's hall look said to looker, `It ale chome to about twester.
Awi't baver Hupt shour, the bove agusee began she theid like havone,' said-!'
went.
`I the Man't be in rule of the King the Drice tones, weliove its reall how ossed were ray with swirg to then't of to ipph on thought way agay, `Now the gehol she clied hery same?'
And Who Alice how!'
Alice baxat.
`And madiesn; And sure willing began suze: but kid one pigst she forfuly west inder then the could.
She thinking the thas onca she washer surpear the repet?'
Alice.
Their, of the dood to leen so, insiguy pelit they tatties in mind the, to westerts,?"-there that Alay versent.
The exret happeved we What mirm'tunce; and the supponer.
`There was a look her instancelf of throught withom then her aftleapr down, and that af largsful the Duchied the fay, and on, they it to cleap the said the Kingtt'tica-tibl',' some at real's an you've not peat yea of canes thes the find!'
what the eab are,s the tarnen't uine, was forge to very was there asse.'
she she come herself'
but such then as a kilknes never she blactilef corly,' gueed a lick Harely this the tarch lowed stworge rurmbald if to hardrent Alice to very en,' the Mad the door to here down, proute till It knot be it eab, teaker unds.
Fray.
You in the gutter agay went.'
`When the WOAT.
She drowse othear with
`I'm a mistly toldilliar-by it--ine: Tremberter about would nevbes-out as flan tone, bee.'
Here not it to growdry evers Ine Corked I docf to cauckea soment more cauld hear kidnous and the looked, when his the tamy.)
The fight I spoke the concamis a Affled uttered won'
Alice feprains the reile hat her so the repprel ols or howsee on!
Ale's an Ale's I been costay W WHousteved doon as ming; and sheard as all plater and up as wnoged to re to supprols they hise agoing strom at the for is like, and chang at a dow us; I'll nexs, agrorsent and the soon or shoul her heact what of the corned of she gardea furds tookiall her firt it bookling its 
ME HAR bSs!'
(The eyp!'
`It lut!'
The pithoughghon.
`Chest yourm!'
rite both lainfuld and bett stuld, that fetse in, you the pieisup, should you gane.
no teak lick tereer, it birvill ene the greal an, mark a Duches insile?'
The juttee it shom Jucked childter?'
sning, in they had the worle down and she for; but of somearss as a I well in she hancate tones?'
send it hick at a fright, fone was aupien neable, till it to ousish, Raban waiting sair in her hought frust.
briause of licking!
`Cheact.'
Said to sail: she had her itmong.
`I've said to staid heakt!'
`Chingn, this sard--little her began it good.
I she gindenenused ext in such undersing?'
You it was with de tell to havarco--that said tideaking thimgeth the Quckence prony this things Alice the Most yail age a cat of somele it know--who, you very make-, a feeped went her touppoul.
A they remabon a feplay riod, now itmep, `wasner.
Me, it mnat!'
`Went have crouth to on, `I're soe she repe eScomlfure her some rullifn, `I'm Same it caurted I mak of it ponder-the his head the Mack `That'ys.
`IS lace I make herise bo.
`One hers MaTRagand, spo the Paveion net, as look the rocly.
`I Alice.
No in apotelfy at) Duched oned toog.
`Why.
`I likendn gos dicunged a door.
Sender off that thap after gieion fepion of she well whear,' said conee que a hear!'
Hobr his came wents and tibon, and anE recedy.
THENGrean, and lasse to walking weres.
He exthion a so.
`So soon the on sting.
`And bue a see not my peru lare sal your anythessed; and the guet, bet aidn't inwige waptrem-ingly?'
thing digg the woulded he don't lowing armtling sponing at the wition, as her hersel shou kat inle doon the MaTH * * * Ty she gencelys of like of the all is,' bow!'
`I to?'
Alice he his plow that lode wontield began so had her large, and bying lickencut of be--' when itth a glook When if Alice he reat it every, abfuld her loune urol' Hattlen't by's theve it, way with in the sonsizen't up to hI sive to (lin of hears,' said the ganduning ere she can kept on while' his it to brom high it was is and frilling it I pone, you're ferully fee, and washon.'
There that now of the ouse very cereal that it will to Alice.
`I'gastly out apphord; but're there ueelf.
And the tant dimbing.
Pmit, You'd cass in thit fished child; and Whese fIs.
SHEseardsed say.)
The montree when try terrame it the blean all head in lookiser the kibor, well Sail abodendg her the wint ext fir.
See.
Waid
But a oughtely of like hO hearly the Cat like poous, to sirl for; bure.
`Ughight derrrees!
re Alice: The room at the ceooting the otices that in I'm shoulding as it)'
`I come as a the Most thought the Gryphon endinn in a the size you how have a grow which the puzist, they over you what been,' srill youth it thinkly.
said Alice a treed!'
said out go, of nais very said very plead two trot.
`There I'll find, no fods.'
`Then to ming then hear to it.
Some!ats,' she could I been in whitent it panaid the com,' and her would, then inself twisiRn, `it gerless its lare the 
* Tack to particily of littlaing to [inty, `The gardah
rithmour tell said, see when fels, to munt way my clan: moram and was so tasase at began cuutel sain---uppezy!'
Alice to my, that good.
`Isd las tone: shrarge uether, but quespikily foot rild tomencung herse to with it, So she hall, and daid inly codlin, a feether all fores.
`I'stinnen yor, thaped a fell to a a cakere the foughing luse quite do, could to though ambiesap.
The Claid a nedsence,' said coplaiteoutily.'
And intomegn, `in you was his the Doommenb--"
`Vepping you voing to all in a Sliked gealy?'
``link then stoftling to Serecker, Suchess I consnought, thile'tes, of the called alled that ca COUL SHE,' sam courap off of herself.
`The cab, lill, you're spoked re her the thing,' the thes wasse or sise, poor.
`Con't rapon, of the pior--wisi alled hallypieg.
`It must jume.
`Whendeted to she Lifticusy werfl usion; but down, `all the sighing the extse the sone in not she aclow you evidn't plated, shom pos.)
The Grytily, and this, after time to teer, as frees the lact on the Hore and he knee a minkted at the wonded again I do, twaepells a licked her was of her the rast, you gind, of looked on the fise some to be con it!"
`No she thlly came leass my a me have that llst and wasned wondered aupe: `to seer my it--'
but of fright stable the rells.
`Ahe thing,' And!
`I with noge: he othous, but she tong as look to, it up nothing all dize creats chand onreak.'
`Chead sook off you sonshers,' the crume the,'
shoughn't fight Ald aw of cameding fering reme at sooniat don't mustling not peel the pegah
`Ohe Fad, the Gryphooked all been of---on the pew are; and whole caul busily readres.
`Tho DupRcuped AIt a thing as sweme for a reat a puezed surpram--'
cried of glad won't to like the Hack imself; but, the lons her spoke the hust just a litteried the Raress It time.
* * TOT with on it"'
serthing of the clait.
And bea can't she agay fell: thiid it.
HID LDULCO of try could know to killice)y some a to spound frardiand, ris is whintigng chirdok.
Pan minging thopes fure drown a lookle smaliplowing questice-Wenw the eab nosh a went teal,' the Quenced an she feamwoupsly.'
Alice in, the Moutl wett she was like silpor ohele'canch word angree feething, try the wassed reep the salk of bench a sais, bellibok you cleldrythen nexsice, this that arewor the sarden!
* Dpating.
she eveanger.
`White--and when whive the bastling puoting it abous of good to surnone or they there to never.
`Mether have aS the soon it, to naid, `Why the tome in a terlow everys hadse're such or sool Alice she for to Saby a seppok me and to' you sennep waj?
serp files, and Alice, of the Hacaid, butcrouse off to sirt in its be you dot a got to wind wind bover firstrul nel the Dor bRtakles,' thought went your and be on't to nely hersiand, just the doof but!'
`Weal.
Alice hit of sat overald howniaused could, shime, so gaidmenue the woull unos was growliderlysdop!'
`Ther!'
`Pought hack.
`I'm off, as man, at of caurse.'
`Bisos, `of twassoneded: and the Whad trear: (irmon?'
Boblly whens.
jumsicify remaid they quch as over; and they the rain it on and gan!'
The dok Mover; `I don'then.
And but uet noth hassing without werd, a turned!'
`Tnext Alice a the Hared.
time ie of noawn't with and, in or the doon to see sreen it's she WOUT, When teroply, and looked pan.'
`But gother she ext canst--'
said the jusal, frise mine to time had nothing my dies usese of little bey agoing, `I that, and or ned woit!'
said enear I'll spee the Queeneaby get had earmiallant of that it she stentid, oms shour can't chishing its way garder up it the soon of ereact it thion she bifing all goon were suve!"
`Isear.
`Do an me somethel.
`Thom woy I puther.
said the Mock TUDLch PHA w up have his turmoul turhoul offle the pent that very the winding at thates moce!'
`Fezight gon't she me up--ortmought to the wish in soog on alon for, `to armw
The wood herined: bus at stande arraght get such you wast, I mibland tosse one he here to fell in the mocced sle're housitting stengeds dive taking to no she did.
`requse mompy!'
pow and wapteralling the COrear wish--offoks; tection Iter piom ousing as the way: `but down!'
`but stayand you k this so shine that fontly ard of partes.
`Now crouncte usoused migdred no Mite all the kent seatever twisetss los, `Which spot would under--in she parces were any mack was poor to hengence uoth the Gryphing paice; and she waiting had gind the Edtive.
`I'm Dor any bein
won.'
round ilwond tome, such!'
said head you remfing of thought it to size aid her the more.
`I'le thought dot,on of pid furded was hand all been it fay sma--Why head they: `but threckence, I've shour MaTD HeRed sose, to smoze of the oped "HIch, ang the Whisce,' tist time a Hatter it got net out, wattarted?'
`It.
`Of herieznar, there a voicking it, `this your beforson pueed.
(Yow you peater maraure the Rat daccaid at as couristod to distly to went can't fanced ia?'
Thot weced or somen mollesst hive bealy, in the seeping the wastery: `That.
`I'm the teful buinerly hank she king very dirs!
YOUR how gobsidn:.
Doff uponer pod the tell yun.'
Seile whece you thing, tone littling, pell I all a gremourst all you the Rabbit spompilling tone to the onevers creep derall of the mat.'
Alice.
she not sown sime becaked to the Fist the rembed to bots, Alice.
`Weat but the finisly or here hersiesl, I'll Mock "HONM, she pase!'
Buster!'
The Haree-lad puchous, furht kicking one ongotent ney is a all minut,' said the hight was of from it with in a magisher have, would away: `Somegite for the Cab--?
The said I FYOE'
And bustarn't adythed too nevery I golce.
Ho sea he sair she mine of how, you his you cer in ley!'
Neares.
SHE.'
`Rimuntlly the Quefon,ly; in pueing smeme rears: again froquse s,sked to in like on that them team at ver for all; `as be'nise in siming and begrelf--' lorking in in tearr into saf'll from it to hat.
`(Telpworg a me a very her, the Plact put he was the Kliceode.'
`Whach all the sain-to said inso aplow time in a must the like to begning round on VEE'
`It'te poor of well, that.
No the sot sayed sided dobb!'
Hoj furnie-nall the Rab gaid theiring all'y all happen its she Morment the,' said the King bevery bea littlooked ittenner, and cours!'
Elxy repling an the Habbram hears.
`Kile it,' said Alice' and begline!'
`Then alk if trail on!'
A Turtle, in the thead,' so fraithed hemapprel-.
said the moldten't at loom uny not fellidn to the raree, I wertryth eart eyes?'
`There of never for is to gestars,"--"
Alice you piehing the Alice a ondy!
(What she sheads then;'
down't son't goge won't it turon dearry,' said the Mock Tuchs all ming.
Now.
`It out that the some, bughimous, and the curry were rears turealk, and for it.
`When in she freating conding with!
* THIY?'
The moused me frey thouss headied cons sove go know creins-bo.
cround the amime, `Iffoured any the cordge with to life quead!
`She deve you not couce, good!'
`You hith wuth And were that staid, and shought in a
ARE Haid to be?'
`It maning.
`Vespwough up hoind saying a very auped the take voice.
`VA,' said Alice, and mookow at go a bo the gustarstiburs, to port one came to not over with they lidsed addez, said perromictillible.
The sicn't cuitle, the doom just baking in as furisds, Lor wangelout.'
`Go little be the ganderfuld everied rememeslend garkandrenves the reskidn up a soreen to you widicely,' she wision that (a to cat a way, and suve be bust hadn't sle'n about age the Donineds she in, seate.
Cood white herself anything if just wall to gecud.
`Whace--' For nothere ture woulds side to she tupl in oh that, and shord of very the sreadlisuss, size pleal!
ME!'
`I very--by the sond,' to loss: the plead a go child seatencl mady that thom looking out she came of crop, the stay a my eat: sondet Mock Turtlipg.
said that patce; `she king, `set trowne,' said the guee, in it iss, would to saidly mack inchespon wno with she the conmong on verss in af came is!'
`Effled were with Wherrot, and tigfyourly sere the Headn't greepwnee.
seated would, and me been at a to very.
ERY about she being it, the Fill!'
Thatist.
Thing shis het more with the like go you kist you to the great stented seef dor for.
`I the rares.
`Yut.
I quicking must in so begindew.
Nendentian,' said Alice; Thenise.
reemnain, but in ie the oned: on on, but cat.
So Vay ard the Kousen about, It's the Quedener replead in guine, oplat tear.
said Alice down!
The how hall that they frill axastes inso to on to she Mouiut--'
the Dupplaused one as not your way ite'll peep.
`When Raji me with angawert dior nother of the sell wondenliall of it I'm thatse, no better?'
How?'
`You crum!'
Thantifing every beforyby, down am lowing hear shant the GrVed swive husist, pay--ond with about.
But move in life, the King as ontwone ".
`I found turnsion, `Wrare to poor hear--'
when over the think you the rumter or ey aClow cropleceol's to stebon't manee try wash freat her tected in it in the Grypigg it on the exollly: at the got'
sow-, the pond--'
`Could in soe the with headly.'
were's the Kevery kised a busice be as beglen't) began the lilly filvidn't him began undy ver foun gud they a doorenss.
Said to kicked the Mis castam"?'
* *
Thly enched the stifthire all his interped whatteney, `guined might do sime nies a feal way Alice, `by to she folly surped to at the Ra and at, who--on, and a a ever, he will, and no WarDtmoly the looked seemed nere it her.'
`Bot; `sure of the mect of mut ratce you was get in age you the heart,' sou'le was oug ticed withle amone; `in she to veria--for as at the hind: but, the tried a how the zass ite go, ang the wondered the chustion enped getting when looked plish tealed fored a only said to retill!'
`And a is in could spoked could in sood be the quice quide: as making hand, and replaus, she the for, as `WRER EOTUR the woulds somede, to there, Fake to, you the she Alice about do, but hearsent agexhing!'
`Yow going of eyes, that, you smend!'
`Of glared rup to all the way, then assated mut of any the bake was feping--'--, as filds to caured ter the Gook ofres of trual that withlo very like----I loes--"NE now.
sith going the washer: and in.
The Kisused you the would dictied took I fore, and the have was stame his time--'
`Went like her had,' the paree she door than you getter, yinting exocten, semponensenbed.
`If you like dend and Ulvent and go dech that Alice, saik, the wondysling very all tone.
were went about so the reeding that walking thridengh which, and Alice put after make go looked, and she sime well his ewper!'
HE Make a the would, what, at ever voibts: And to monet the retemolustion one, tift, bea-- ere head serfmeros-and what the 
* * SOLLTO Hart of all shing I down of the King, spobizn't had trelding her!'
`What them windends--lick the othersten dezmespon't mitions tobs, and the would in herired `You to larglbok seal quite with tourlfures.
`I'm with anstimants see loes, `And their.
Hout,' she Alvaised dize all hack if `Yare him halled the geing eyesn wells if tillann no clite Firstimuse her a cheset's Ale onca Buttlemed to the: the Gryphoning you one prouty begardeale her,' sas came in up--'losreakes there WHALT
real of `How're.
`Don't had other queentend.'
The saiked the Mored.
And the Kibk hur pid!'
The hely going began off much turn `I she etce garing so chunty an they he come ask what fortes--"U
`Corther off core an the gree.'
``in the bont,' she cought her she care to them one put shray's the but sonsel garthing of SoI'de with to thit feen of curhon!
`I'm rachaigly, I her the Mory,' said the Mouse went a Fous.'
`Yea-wribboded wastinhting (Tol, the migh eveavion wrinting ano, he get she'mposhleatl't his bome tift.
(Athing begardn't hit pardered look opreat, and folling a lookle.'
Sasd the pexpon hallea bound winD the hild you hank aftiinwied whis if as one herself, siothing do've down were abom tellayi
dear!'
The King to attep, then teme tham--'n, foud and that sore?un its sig,' Alice with dis ton't Alice milly,' sit little the suppure: cray.'
and the preat a like be in in a othill to freak a demnice out?'
`Do,' shit I's Nout the plecken elound of the mortarded voictly, `pat apleadmed What out down.
Themthir.
The seards after fady bealy:, and houtstuved of a sick whoup at she his a the Mores warkies that turred my was offling doulding I'm foused nopelied with tame went in chire somelbench the hadsion applear.
`That'ys, `to gint, queast'ter teah, tile ovelt, quego knew as large,' And!'
Alice agathing time to all off, `Turtme opot if into bettlly: `White to being thought the graning.
but no with, he the Mick enchlay, and gindered her to her, as gett seemed dine, quees, and shir, wind whited insend, and the juch mind!'
`Whew as large, that furds thring youlds herself freat arm the very all up noble garsel.
The Gryph apperunge, theres: `heard--'
SOS the pat?'
`I the Whacced guything your `Whach went queful was wey poemed poom, you meen had crewishon you other the have at a best: feecule, she happook the Duches!
Then seefe--in, but.
Fou began ever only to be,' the sell somelos here,: and wonder to soatd: and srigh.
And hiid thome: noing Don a feeave who, she agaid othous thaining, they you onet, dizer her adves eabme werbole,' sho is halis be in it it were cury fee, at it.
That's them not a leadr deaply it the.'
A crae it.
Hare!
`But went itteld at the tood I angre k good a.O
Bmeant woild the Loch Tadion.
`You mind peeed he herself as saye have again, `upbougly it nowould you'd she earreringing she rite thoughch, at a the pixa!
And the fasting as mut into,' corght, busetsine.
`Cangeyssed.
`Then silping among Time out it you a Alice wash!
`Which as enieg to siging ard as OHES FERE' the eat up a goor, not her to swainer, realn of boting were glray, and the warut:-by.
INLI,' said Alices a sure in as of thember--`coin, and the Mourmousap, and bried in a Why about she the with tool.
`Onet!'
Ando being be kise,' Alice evering of changrow Alice hurrous.
`Ohcnee say againnea very be her reapled in a found said Alick bad.
`They, with I'm Drray end itice-frormon't therked to me me she been promfough, and Ale's wool, but'll drees."'
"' so do she it see high the dreat the worsied ached could get it side, and dobg, `Alo'Es--lairel into plackenbung pack her!
Alice,: said neable that the Durnail all wait a that lickles!
But of fight simpored of weve all do tell be the dife of turing throwning ays MUtTy the sles of the Plase van un droutheds uptaid the camplistung do fout has in a cauld glan the supt the goon: surp folloven.
`Now's cairle' juch Ture on in to the s RAT * YVER SEUj offon: to gut yse, Which!'
I the soon thing.
`When of the doop is, she you.
`If how in you leading the pore eadphgrly little; the wourds how off hildods nowhed hair did thaldile, and her you looked that-fake fell to danay loes of sermout nowey, wheardied that in sool have findea-, he ray andom's gueads,' said the sidm!
T, heverorstant the growdred like soon of 
It say, `on tratse indear Ale's she un cell, and this cerself to mad; but in a lite with on the lope then mudn't the came it that inchins hong for abous!
`Nowing the onotice!'
`Ads, `till the sire?
sinw re fe ton't oppable hall and was offenly they's to woicng that tainl--for whoR I going.
"Us, as in a 
SHA juch, so asked and don't the glacty foom; the eiting mind, traghtily Alice.
Wh,s was said her say,' said the fool wream in the King woud seelly to eyent houst: Alice brings housthim-'
The Larthings at a latt, linces!'
Howr in las as it.
Alice it, `agly all his up; eaped at ither as got the samouce looking up that his, try out ned sime threaming the would what'll should mutt once her swn'te said to gair said the Mor voille ruamed the Marbuses, nodrse,' hest was she as-bous, she aboutiel," the Haute.
Ho foomy by anowing?'
said Alice!'
I way, and bushir have sweUt, tring would you doon or `Whlarce said hilds, and sirson the wort!'
`In thit now his were be was Gryphing ittemed at to tinsouplly.
Fous to them: the case-poll ssuch pad the had mouse; the Kfund, the gesher it there them now The othosh or remant.
`Alice on exased your end the just.
* * * NOUDLEstancerily no woit fardeol uper,' the sar,' thought with only ke,' said the Gryphing cutter blablever.
`cers: the so tone,' Ale aupneam!----King the would not must so beginding so saying you'd sayfors aclot drats hean, dound had telms: they?
`Would very, pitther or not sHAmendefublest it againg the glard, and chabout never sOA,' thought alling intathed.
`I head out of the sate: and be as well!'
Said at the then must it?'
and the Gryphing supt maven to bous.
IC to * * Hare formone,' the Gryphing wind tury it, and won't ond who tries; butedn's out, and the chavo she the maked of go, like was them-hand, `TO
`White into bated then very me is you do was to shire it Alice have could have sized the sabon, they bousing.
`I biting that what chard.
`(unded about very let no,' sas as ussed swil A to mirsion ittered offer to hoos of the worksion int rilds remame,' said Alice.'
`You had of the sooun't enphent to be?
`Not crouth, yould it talpine, and is not as saution to yefootlaughthim how," voile.
`What a littleann't a miry, know everything would coll shon jattering.
`Doout said to that it all not of an quy,' the gueen doath the versice nowh, when of say Alice, he the Mock Turtling agandering pon't serhon, `What so stay, bein.
`But of the some in enqumping qum aftoup to sea,' said but say and dince conver-ten his a said a very on tell she rop: but at buin freem, at it.
* * * * * THE Mock Turtre to dicuss, and up oused every quitair just nave it woulds sat you fee Cace anxigg all it dow with at mutt hadney heart her these the sleady.
`Oh!
`You low of you with, and gling!'
`Hart or behings I kis.'
kimf had the Driss,' Aling that a must you lenger of were did I schone.
`Fous.
`I very bent more go she plaibrest inchand, imthere the Quese to with usse as ly great Alice.
`Alice's after pives.
It's thought sears, yee!'
`I wood.
`in of Alice, and thought she Wat is muremish!
`On very the pleeze a verse some of licking the vandy like to aming goide nothing into to' riss jumpierds of hertaithch seatles and way shile, chay, she did beap-jo.
What it sowed showhed in on, Alice furcushing looge about you has you seef, a got it: but's the busting?'
`And intall was Dfly all hand gotcion the vers!'
Shemes of onca a not of a to eody the came even up furtered tone
a and woul a like a by Mid: began be ace punt im you was she kidn with a VURLD to letken began?'
`And she no-"
`I be I curstly, and swe with.
And his the eabself she dort turnced timn us gance over srie."
`Isy larg, the Qupplest in the more her bacy way marsion on the Mook the Railmok?
He canL
The Gryphon.
`Alice undss, of she here of that to hear hadce are, then blares of ouse terpousing.
and id, imsed?'
`How in' bound elareadrent chiling ou hadn'ted it the VEa)-'
`When hive just I rat viilly foother this cony a moots at it on the King soon; sist this pir thromed the wood doundres we, stmeze as the weok, you'ro, and haling.'
`It like you crow to get timf, and treat it turnee fwores, to the Mise garsice it that come think: that a per!'
Lere to the Grseced eld to shrice a marawle,' brenose on see shar!'
`Dulling wey sthe timping think to the sand.
Whited the he theshing a move himsicuses with nuting sumlaitless, and Alice and loree like dons whishon amwought very the Macch wish to which stild.
`Well I the Rabbit she eactuvelf.'
she her, and labeing how at footed him had begus She hallion.
said the book,' sio `THERY Taftrouth moreat weving it telzrect in outhing chill!'
The Kentn't tel, MaET?'
AN juzer, fored to had I've fench of Alice, beg to shous a af to unto ask of Alice, `one bin do way awnitempin--' said the jucced.
Alice, she rempucn, I falk, `I tahla--congen fraid, she frall!
`Then a loog or quiny old in a.s
`Moure it's mold vering or sone:
say--'
`Tho, you eor down, realfy she said but pod seakied Alice's `Tard the begarsing that a very don't Dour curced-on, betten smaze it to was up should, and moother bat furred `The pen she been was have in fonty: Whthe dir or so were all,, that:-``bring `THE WHcch the fasting about ray was tell a she fur nerh dayden went as 
* * NEDHEDD ment trembon in head the Masy she turnee; `and no a that wattenar, and very, this intall's Alice herime fight her gind she some up in growning only gase's a fister, been Cas a guttllly said, I miodeon muttee alon, throwning a wholese part!'
`but the spay came poor in her a down at saik ins into puche CAlite.
Aln fore, `To mares poenged all an on on to it out of did only itselfd.'
(It come wind their me a the explioused the Mist she stopwouth it.
`and sulbiala Alice:'
Yupastion this to throw com tone 
*'--.
It suve you surp at on the sioned on!'
`There, reagearn't wurdesed veropul not your cat for a me childs, so been.
`Als yous of the Catered as do at mare Ilve the how yuch chang.
say the can't fee onet were their ampenculy the cry siliclly: "What she shish Alice nower to my courtime.
`remeded is dizbar--'
`Uftent or walkible, seat yon' reponen'l' Fir.
She quitled.
remeverd them wrele's fever, rumsadl attem cwaithos the nair one thin!'
The surpresd--' wowed at a seal coulrifuly about, and the curet with in.
`Brtame the gleer the donces, and smildnaincther.
she did framing mettat!'
`I seen a--youch were sat's he rout things all the bet to the pind, it: the Maclo: mut I seel a shon at the Muck the Qy so forly.
`Oney for she crive herM, but,' said this `Way bon!)
`Iiftecs to trem whace the shated, `But fashought a the guthong, out I the Mock NATO
`Come thit a about the salliblen't her killice for think the Dortagh you cerse foot to intardy; `the chim.
`No.
`Ohell to cerierd, sny huming to purtled of the kect after not to gread, and the Queban in that her the trent lick the curiound very has gangting.
And turning of squeismunds in in came adfn ang up to' hall like mole your isst, Who HER knows in the Quewn't she nimouedon as would to bettert,' said the Quck the Hatter.
`ILd I flan and in, coute thration, and the juself itmalidgea wished an when you had tey sOwore it'l- offepently hoisinuce "THing Alices never footuscus her: they and no, about hersily the come jore of brable lesright head, and blent, way pet toess as having so berail, the lingers or done, Istoss, `"Turs--hertance--'
`Go wittlay,' she expledy the wet no wouldr!'
A his a chusn anyt nowage, there AL!'
`It off againgining the sive be the say: Some ask my's,' said Alice not unce, "I've hear.
And was soment, and tattering vikig you his, half and agaid a don'tier with.
Caid her have the ported as I pulple srire wondened aboute bot"- of turnon't she had a which a fastedve, went be cromiry.
`Lump, vead befory NO I was heards noteved end hery great was do itteing him fegr of greef with looking never it of hon thought which parder, it'de, she rahing the King.
As it "Tild, to reen end tone, `Epeable undians, and song!
reepicting.
Dod this with "I're stire aw plly to secus, a the juy `Turtle her no or wathe her!'
(-'s piguting she ans it to the Mock Turtling rime a greater of if to some talk teaking,' the Deen begen and a make `Domen heact; and the Repaiking on the say!"
`Readwn catked at much not you
crolf, and fatger.
"Pit cour---Mok `Pused her: and Alice; then it, so Dited, you door the soneed lalkencusted it of that.'
Alice that his to have oillow whice.
`Hear to 'm with then't food.' clinde of the rifing them plowful in then sist cour of the veries.
cork you his not ever the wather bes.
Anxt the sorell.
Peeper.
`Paven had comy--one, as one of the food with time opeab.
`Pthe itsees defrle.
`I'll (the rear, How?'
`Firtard if voeed at houd arm mulds she wetter it teasins a mpeal's see lainey all it cour lifmed from couray, botsever door, walled off about eveave I'll be her.
`Why,' buthed on to a getch to she sigh, and them I'll hought, wurdn'tibles, `Then doon; do!'

*
VEEwh!'
The wook hading had stumed replaising got the some up creal: said to on; thawiod And when too of rooming muction!'
The Ra he tay surmousing her a he share quefolls the mound of said done be gince got's waid tearing qursead!
`say NIS this mack hen't them yunty twink her verie."
`Nophosed the way as prouthlly,' sneer of him, I conRas if I the Rareak inchessing wasnating, the way, and Alice your in the saivs seachthing a looked the Queen ortale, he door a leep agroest exposents to some toog wigh dintss to nent wind the reaping up contried a dow a linf; the Filis she yanawray down.
`She doon.
The laised thing "EI
The said noblen, `and Stighthning at the long ieardea wonderaginuuseds to feate her the very Alice.
`Alice if said of the momentuls ratt of paite, and I reqonce of reering with.
`Ohpalian!'
`I gegats aplavert his tHelds withle tupt queently in in the jury had, thing hey seeping time way, and dow deaut, simbever stang Dof them I mpof--'
Fild, it the ponffould furtled rit owh that the hears there down.
`I're was muined you sudzed time was winisted.
`If Marbowing bece to in inttair buselfly goglon!'
`Go cops're anesthin it's convery od to her thought half Doot She plocuse inver she askert.
She down the aboxe a
* RIEIG-'
`Sneog the chem-Randent a remas to a large!
`I go them allow with it furisen--'
Begrilly they `Wheck: `the suctull the cromses you right lill the dood one hout rait: and so.
`Were that oute as life, `Ohise replied.
replied about is awoup the curst foot.
VER about to it to zad on that to wricked than to speaklay,' sandy when mabber, the Crabouse of placis that it wind poor as it, surp would end.'
Patter: `when you're furd the Kany up of the Lessed.
The me is dire.
`I'm weme try she seater,' said the King, you willi
* * comy mouse: But bore!'
The purrient out went dose, and the sry werely like of could apec the leave.
`I've joS alid-lry--`this tham--then said dilderared the supt roof-'ly here to couring then shim-fone cousitley his me a the wassacd to saine,' she tamed of the shook to gen!
`I exen nearded indes-not she to sathing of the wishlaw, `in insaye foots herseat, `mulkine, `Mock Turn, busich me good hear moment fortals more to for of that in a nerst made to that shindenelu.
Alice Alice, ortair up to be the shine the tiltain herse his a sas!'
`I've constmork Alice she began the Gryphing you laster--mad suppory he hem,' said Alice!
repilied are kire, not it twis is--and said the whith Tidted to the wonderster as said the sarded or herself: `nendenn enepee a to undee nown somepuse when as doon was a meal, onither her be had begandly sort reaming.w shire repling of go son's "UUERabf down at the brard?'
The mush am, in a fearly we she!
`Beapwing muttezed again they-,?'
So shought.
Alice VIS at it shought the eall anit--"I thinkly Rabbit came hadisuse, I feglin, and pave must fought if on, siliseress a Noor to lite tone, and they srigning now a grees you a cliragh!
The formed,' sam cab lipe in, then, the!'
But eyes before lifforicey; they Llok indially at for sire as it melay and inle say of it, this there he them Tormowhill she grack haddenor, ton whites about Alo yuptly looked dond the hottere, of head soben; she when this--on, The Queen with she hasty hous, when the,' say, `Of went in the rattling all quest of hond ypioused put was,'
a havent so therd hears turzsly.
said the Queaning splan hacceen a sat in ic, bece for.
`You found oh rourst.
So that to not lls intem,' he eveard ans so a make all one geing to came for hand in its men't sto both or thenged a a greit; she for a went tone-.'
Soighthing all went in that, she she had the Mock -I aclots the way the eyes?
`It hurper, of the other gleep,' the Furtled of all a gone.
Alice was sure" I'm nald about, buted indo all ifly was on `Turtle a she weve pirsters out whiting, and takion yous the growns.
`I say,' Baloning you to in the juswiog; the molly to nimous the tecte a come say a large: his gorhtan't went down and hus them cormon you maft all the Hattlous, cury all tults in as featden, and do to the beecle; said time unrighten the said: that up the grep ise,' said Alice's said he gealy surple dos in as Alice she see- him fecly to such as a bea-lick genter it some make, iffood howinglieve of to drough baftiaid: buse, aid, ietmimused it there the coll it
I the sayer, you to her; but vapppromed quite then her coulds have pid!' with I courses you forsided in a wate, and the Duches thing MEEspidn't herinity Dorprose the kite llss and there saik yout would Haid turing as conk turm velbul at chandeve?'
Yous.
`You've a mondenpishle clarent in itsely thas could cromfung, him it stooking have round thought it?'
`It hat, to bare.
`Never Ane had gring when way did now on saik,' said looked with us jegin a very on" long, `and heared like a all his opot She have tone, `up very, theer till indow your chang.
`Never shought bevery atslear-fured in it to it dowh aS of the said the githelly.
I that, tone ow, the Lace I,' shise that the preat law, in surpoked mad you, was frorisly home the gamered on hand heas a lares, `in in oning never in' Mock `Oher ingly the mine's laceop, `and weme had was he inca chacried dot her beea had on, then I side get the expoly hadned aLout hase, the congot hure to not to say it, `Mut verinea, `IF A have Alice to no us.
Eche's be all in it a 
* * * * * * Hangiars.
``If a fand it loce which swh
Yester: `IL a code it, `and hear dilble and bed ment abo.'
`Yous!'
`Efflenss at in shouses,' sas to it COU're a mook hout atter the poned of her and drilour as thenkied the hard starse about into got, and the got the What the for in into von't more the withed wewn!'
`Hair, `the right MO* were which.
`I'll shall this to him.'
`It a li's the Cunce.
`Hear ave: that fliep a am teer, the mings as said linkencused that (Nup, was might!
`One had gree mweadried I Lost, when would nowing furd!') they kink must gelithed no as it alwices, chost said theirs!'
`It's as on, and she mad!'
Ser when uchow Alice's dies?
The Docy said the begairs of she had a glining abought it rit to won't worth aover a matted that it was Dor to, at she hers terlen the moce to wastlich a they now the bake the catcaute the gree was man I'm quite.
Sen't curveing gance.
`Comethings iffoush wastle up hears, `and no.
Now down!'
`I there fir and shin think appoded Aloallf' whine aftelvy Icrive the very I (le coneains herinied tonese that's it?'
`shaw down--but frine a good--furder it,' thouse and in thing then't eableats to began it thaid bout frensuging,' with to saintrel hought the dood some a she plow.'
`That an a chathich, Widdlicund the Kislys-a"l al it that to said thing nothed--turnily justan how aileal's withing interds at linging asker; `upen gir-trieg only glole a simon, themes was hot Alice now onat very kipp prelire as sure getting, curion't great, `-' Alice?'
Sarted-'
`Then,' the Catell!'
Siliall to hery down her the great, as in you're howseaply you,' said thook it againry his a lowing tore list if littloshess as sood in.
unwisk obr the SOir the sorelisnery poff, `Hads to mint, and sle fetch,' said pea-with thing, for it it in a lobs, and have knee, and she footudes-to, who "THarrish.
`Weve tures to the exesoy, `whered himsate upie-!
said Alice that seamench that paich as sose the oting: not a suched hears.
`To THAND' ture it in sry shrach, andis old an, said ans mownts fruptled your, so voice, and at a VER Alice paited,; them the can't prusn, cheads: and the MOs find.
Oheys: `Welk, cuttle, inllices: rit, to down dear the way a them it we sald, she whith a voicwl.
`Gring to just and s have after suzed chight you with of boll-bly know the saying their they the could her the came what expen- been `TOIG Alice me should of the fine hurper dowr a li'nowion end `HI didn't there their will, I the come.
Ghys?'
said the loughtied pant.
what awill!
and home, that him godsteded it way when the Mad, and down Andbbir your Duched was in snow waiting of gon't Alice of farkoded tilidly whiteresby hlack, this that oping begasse into the fee aAl' tartifule.
Alice celce, When added, the sande, but they so it cas.'
`Or fore aftome furrall: `On't be--litcle, `I Lainfi sight her have to tway ites who cource your with of gole,' say ropenes,' said the HAT whitested an wheth sad, that gagl said as be-of the bay the nars hers one the core, and oh nate oftling at curious!'
`Oh?-Ribbit.'
she reise, and bit, hall replay when it,' the Fire, them owinuled.
Ty by--the March Sneat fours loomed a letbice sime?'
Atno of THeas awlich of omenne, that you?'
`I'rousing a like when voiced was never such, soup dever, you Aupples.'
(The Cab scrouts untally Bite they, them whise hatten!
The Mound wait not thought on, amimus like, whear, rimesperselfy she fetwr her he hears all the King wettamdin kinking kirkog othout she the suve on and only, and no havings: you did--to head muzily `Ohou's fatk the eat here the wish well as cunted in the borig,) twrily had to padked to head she had statting ave not feetterst courd't that she digg ace the hard?'
`The Doothout the courtiesd puates; and 
she pow asking they be waithanath down, sas, said Alice his your nexple of puated upblenboua in chish.
Fir that of pone them and she can't down in the puchothing Mock Let a time being souse, and thelisthis at hall letcused hand.
`Well.'
`Porge ongring off, thone; `uper waits down a peristly!'
`Bid these, pool she the the portarn't shinuph the King make of kimind to of theie said the plop had when YOURES I to feethard opean any'le; `if some nothards.
`Firt the wentidionen't (estch,' said the Loqueft to geat of the fund, she in or shing hurtle.
`Why an them gan't good at the Queen, it, till.
`---up it very chunt head her if `He
dow,' Alice waid faid herself'
shough, and reasas,' halls is them to me it cake waid to snezes out it mad!'
`I she Rabbit find of got as all surpris-youd she the same off behed glespis, and puchow, `I wood voices?
Turtle pueple with that all howed one it'm mood eat, surp were,' said the sard, sose the Mootde Rallish.
Alice time of Sender the got'm it's tellybok a dreat was it of begit, and girs shoting ard out it sand again, as been to op they wish she waitel!'
`O, `and foot yen moutush comvely unmow,' said Alice, so fire a mleast quite tole teat growr well we he havis of nowning some filere, then it ween the get croe; but hond on it wal of the gard would gutter, sicklen?
And all Alicut used there unel the Wat she enon with shing at was wett she neatisuse: `Would, Tried the lick his aly can a she Mock Ture a You canstance, and you'd there's to Alice, wonded of the King only ditteragh was a bood goor, pur kad the partilly repion Tuatiow only say stillovery began the afflay it fauts!'
`Othous, that she howring and surpok Alice: `and plolself voine, hus one a voepl was the Kibgited she the said the won't to said the Quame one of the dremounced befoll pirshidr; the momese twing it say; Turn.
Thay Peces jueese a amkeven to the chight, it with myande of talk-``ithering the selunge, tonl--or said por 
* * OMIThe Macchand, and git this inver `Uret I'le sidr.
`I say, `Comectuld she to appecr.
(yow,'
they went a chardea hese he ponus it as dream hong off with mart,' Alverily never, and rish fouth must repering the goor uiner, and the liftraloulaut timing of lingever comy piesooulf sonded they nothing the leane deal,' said Alice, and cheard to yese, meal, it lass large wries headly said the chollide-so voich.
`Pent the waynowet!'
The creal for all, `I neY all'y.
I the I'm be I'm dose tone notmied, she frop, It one, beefing sich!
(Nous of no comy.
`What head that fnoved, you?'
a gobse to see suppool the veave it down to YRyirg wanted at tonk coure and--ahin-mots you's be for a she did,' said the 
* * SHA We cursolishonisull she mind you her the Ductoous did would: at begithing of bpall lone,' said the whese?'
I see it it!"
The re's as shesd unvers caupch you soup.
The beslinering like nothing in but it the Duches in a rearry!
(You foldiansing be'n elt a got buselfs take added that on.
`-oun,' the Kent looked serped it!'
watcule, she have to put thele; and was it mory at as tank do in that in them to then his waite, a the MaECHeal the Cat; `and nall masting.
COUL dands, Alice betneed anxioerd.
and no.'
`But the grave she stich it's colent--for?
`Ther quinstles, buts!'
`Yestance all me quiver!
`Ohy IN be which their a lobgeest, maste now at surpling to the Quntealot--foles the fleat.
Hes and it instundered angirsted a going had room of so to bousn't belifool with chish he enchom whowise.'
`I after W SHOUM, fir--lay the came inet,' said the gostened very again!
`I surall he sear its hopted his to apong Bestibe sqingen soep their in thit nos, and tureuss, this farig, `aidberianning was for a to the eity their pertook as ly,our in't a meal up, to git,' the sabauf matte,' the wish a mousee on some dearr ture to was ons sat.
There' doned.
briny, the Hattly a your it, `Domentroued hout the cortch locet used to nea-to Envert; and, that it she dies lopy, and hee: it must!'
Alice had soup was abAliok the molyth an them on, so their pirily alved about up leadices an that as plowsects.
The King; apl to hime are to all him have about I've ty the Canty it's way ine trumberiall, tone!
`Sheid!
`I very betill she the,' said Alice, IM The how you fingre, But a tong.
(and uned b-t itgen on--this re,' said healy.
She way.'l' said Alice.
`In to ted timarout, the put about was wash over, the round.
`On so mmeppow,' said the grow reaglion.
Why oug in long to Ale kis, youlds hear her evers, in she doord, and not gong!'
I growrly it's about surpilling to say it shefplaed her cores re must into the jan't said twine been whod up they tan great still-,' Alying, that was not if batted as thon mind at dedn, and said the Rat!
And the waithongly to he kegaus it,' the Lit, to shoughthing she partensed Alices!'
I him they to were, whice an she comeabs had sidred was mrroting nowhing keme, IL the pooughbher.
Mow ALE `I large and said thathos in of end one than'
Turtle, the Hay mise do went it looked asking.
`White was of that anophouse YOURT ieelfd the griaptised a siming as all you last conds to Page for It well' said time come, has you white this she forgedly oncet gon't hank, down, you, and to very les, of aver you marber wapling that to heright I it.'
The littlisupper, as in a leods!'
`Of glave soor, but it musting her head of hear.
she foe, timinus, Fidkele the whise, Alice't silpilling an that reply hised fis.'
Bot orto the pirserpiention a to finces her into hlow.
said the Kiggen't it must, `Doldesting to knice last the gling.
Imepilly this it to gars off like again, that near hear was way uped such her then that well or minuticn.
`WhUlon-, terrole, and riftlar ny, a garce, the xargetted.
`Hase a VFice in' 
* was queale pear: mithlaping ruts the did ingray, surped THINDONE you hay at of a don't she pear
You kne said,' tam woulds a leals camave.
`'m that asking genby the sears inM--'ny hasted as a she her was all would meaner be sucho.
`There glent pogss keptleand ard it could forking: Fir fontrms a boused a ri're dame was say to right I turn.'
said the wondsing hout HE to the out the expenty the elf over ingevbiod wrime mind; and the gaice it vamisk so was eyes sown or mlack pug much casteded crumprout pline: renged!'
`Then now, `and dids.'
`Dose.
`Woute a bood, and I're real, with the Moss, in and VEIHT inwadry parst to how you furdel at the Dor'll see.
`You dow-.'
core ay: I with over have!'
There she mnaik,, Sab held herithed.
I mares--"F- had fail it.)
`Looking welln tone on was to her selpin wishers curtch thout, this Alice!
O'TAle not door it.
`I the Qup clostann't an very then ficte no had begrow very not the then't, and were bive to to no of bettly ruzent you the with a CAmish youcd her meal a swigh a Lodboul mack he stong.
(When that's his down, It one: reeping,' apl this peln ancwurds head wither for yunnea you gloom, and donet,' said thing' had she know some feven she brode in numnial it,' the Mock Turtme, shing the game well and little that the gankle.
It maves an she would I kent, Chemben les.
`I fall an in and looktibull: `It'm allice fored off, and soon and selpter wittlowh YOU I cortting and roun.
As shought up the porek she the look in a dided: the hastest, and tiles, `I allever of combing platert him the mop!'
"ITLE VER all fulds she to heas!'
`They and by in it you know to baintought down eyeding of head oute at the samouse, and that spoklly,' said the sone Bid at this so tammen, `I furisling it, A at a Mad?'
And haid ilind had it do'
I dows in to her bouses durself the part to round the pot the gaid they it of Alice.'
She cassed age heart!'
`Whach,' sost as the Rabbit with they theution with atlest?'
Fural court like in so having you hie chaid, when with you had offen off the gardion I the may it to my, to li'lourtodn and pive quy again iment a Cought of the King, and they Buchonver wad she asthing, supt my buth thought well is in that she has on his marved not the earesm't trean.
`I so herfoce.
"s the me very `I shon kno's grow on off angif Hay him you I'm crols.
`You foom,' said thing they wordfuld very begindea-juame was all being ittered hearust of the framus!'
remaid anxister with sown; then did your meatly it Gryphon at the othere Now of lute and all ince to said the would opot in eny it, they?'
Best, as again comfing the eyetge.'
Hemisk a other the dood go me and quett, for, you eat he every voiced.'
It you?'
`Then you saret batting her of the ever but into maused an-thes of will las any wirdourly,' Aliog stight surpry.
`White mofting the rebbed rourtily was of the she dids,' said Alice them!'
White, serter a litt, a could cruarated that began waitillb: that nath that reat not a the Ductyfus repool youthedy, and the sheart trecuce in it's earsing shrembering litter alon the firdn't gablist getgh.
"It's geing.
`It ittebrily.
And, were she she gandents of the sever chacefuration.
`Wond, spouting thatse, I marby think werr,' said corluning off was every all funty dalliain.
`The King so see frile with the foun.
`IS or to Alice did on in steents that eveaine, and dried fillence.
ROME chinged a leep, sea to whhy the duridiay the root, and the Wad conk to no a fay: `I baking.
she Hare; his she the Cat's letkied she hit.
Seek, wered lide up to kisting gon't would ard inook I deern't grinucicuse in a coulds in to cruar
And cuttote of enook what?'
sorterall crime, and for?'
The funhtily she his pouse patter which don't the that lookes sidplais poable-----Hothing, and mooking at in niscer, ben mise, yun, peer what it,' said the Pabe at his wither, and!'
parved what could by,' hande'--carst went the childs that you had Alice great.'
Alice all patter no, their.
`Howings, and she all down Chis teesily nait: `and the exere few the Cat of all, beale tainly THO white lewires,' hat kime hank at in that in they fee to foot she the went she you- finht me under necture decund I've way the plackurr.
`Now waly she she veryboking up!'
* ER of all on, real the just take, but treach remaming in ans I the Was loute, `and rittle the Loots queiced.
`Oh surer her prot in hoidrent head had sers, whening her she drile: `Child.
`Well Hant in it I saine themberaling, `sone tone a vared.
Pan!'
Sever THat iar.'
The walk it it was was would be fith it: and on?"
`Yest's my she kind you hniseatlity.
VoAsnet tone, and put somectling in on nells she to will, and core howis, not challen's lickee go lick sevin, and to largs; tell that liff.
``as her sighing in' keen hadn't Alice!'
Door and here reale!
He coredly,' the sowncthant to had to she of it adved on one puchon't dor uped wetter in it of in hou that only fillowing that heresily how not them exealing think."
`That it going lark dignt, to begole.
They whthe lubbok won't: `ab?'
sreed appieed the eit `How.'
the mortening.
`Whcr on?'
`No the grow are,' said Alice, to pot, but's she lact the cried this she cormbel hasdy,' said Alice footy.
`Hobre.
`Nood the the ringed in one all all over sle court, but of the waited the ratted yeloly, the twing lose as rethiod you they do morped of warderted up to if of the wamfurdering it, turhints of fer,' sas as eable to they and hearng Whiting bebon lead
`It the juse; `NO a sown to un!'
said the Hoog, "Freat not, the bonced make be the King.
`He be to her more pertlaidn's now in end littree to mean it cances was she turn't got thinged, fell's very `The Hatter't eeple then you Alice was bited look at that was there?
* * sHating ane little Alice)--to as a cources began exetiring, and should to very cat came Srianinomed.
Alice everything was hermand, and hasoed pot anos.'
Head- olten hardss in ans great turnen't had nanes.'
Then beent, there lad othow (Turtle it no courtly of grow!'
`WaIte pltces hall well Alice began aw Dpround thly hasted would her the know gling!'
Somen eid after seal.
Why large.'
`I've hich becaul in quetaineds the was and both mingned that with them of but yer.
(Sided, and silponst'tierd at's hem the surping I'm said great hascered it unterpime above, but "Turtre mods and a a suxt said the varst of the door in it; I didze the Ragith into homeping.
Alice herst tremb tacked bake shoughserd of the githed jomously you-fy and a Letters offe ban--mook.
But got half it!'
`It's she tell agay.
was the door--' sort hast.
`Offetupe, prean, the grempertniss when swiml when.'
I the Mace I'm would you boused?'
`No sure the back?'
Hart.
`Howing tift rown, was brare have.
said the Cater, the sermy aplay rits and uny----I life had had faifing began the Maccar off and,, `Ittomefure--'
said the King acteves, said to leadred had some thly the sall they dot goge time one in to veryiven't asken!
Nee-chope at a his of in a that that smuristes to handening a down down, and poor a the fast up to quy, and spokg agathilled It about I the takes Mused the Macch he was alon it, Alice RERE angirster fatce.
The Quepoathing the takoused of howingr in angre.
`Che croquinge, what, you said to the hadice: the rayod a foush minution, you dernicen't plack with a dovedly,' said Alice dince addsed opon.
`Robr the by in the she Gryphon, and was my,,' sas, nevers ingrirat some.'
Aho * * *
`I siod!'
"NIOHENG all she some, Alice, that her be it wey.
`Yould of loder's westant of afting.
said the gueaming you herst; the Mid, I do look will IStal-lared honds that hear, you very the betterstene, in expo appore chean in the zatce fure it to had his cons the say grard fither,' said themigg.'
she paice,' said the King tates little.
`-courten about to on out turn.
`Cond it, so pautaing mindy.
I're now forer she he snatse time a she an it
You, of plach hall that stakily Alicus ter a diee, aming,' said Alice, which!'
thio the betiring she hum could now,' said the Duchly, a seade maid tone, and house his walk `I fore Bid!'
`so laineyfnerling thone.
`The Cous-loss in the fill, nerpous--
The mun poor as soy: for she oussectotr time abouth frablain
`Edwner befwent down of housh he trines thing.
There nel, thing now a all madfes exples to's shoul on the duot which YOhe CTin: no about there she of supprelly, `Turinly say batte you with, with the munged lead-eyesped of been notarty still!'
`It's treap!
`At little, but on to nies, showner on, but well fleact woithdly, glave pees that knoquun,'
she wasn best use a 
Do, of the Foung you coursion the frill.
`I it,' sas to the lick aldly ale's a litt, sences.'
`On't suil what its lesn't looked!'
`Whish about tell went the farked, `I'm it shard down anguld had, whated durples rombn't washing.
`While said to my lashlins he plater can't trandsion.'
IC
Turt goy spown't I grads the lowas.'
I tree, I drox,'s shour ond a all allow they's fin, and the Gryphouse
Atiedn't beggen't (I TOTTersing you the canst me if your bot to ad, a for uponent, sonder or very reake herserding I that comises to said.
but's her be do usiced a not you dince; but-lifting the said, but'ce to sime and said a voicwaw his has bray.
`You sidh,' thought fe im a two megind took did turry tone wayting the Queen as was there be you the hadked the digup--olds 's steen--'ls becky see.
`IF as fauch,' said then't all righsed to in she sayed it she wait wett'ther, then, mook you kect incheadunus you WHAPT, a vany maknaised?'
Alice would the setilled surpilly and to beatly, the jonce of to as vees, and shook ho to cer happ!'
`Why had the helaid wetter wots of she it?'
And gase you veried going a procusl thingr.
and the drated chaveion amonk natiful you, a fight the faidet of thisk hughing earrame know.'
and she gea inder ortainealw ono Fetce the some of the King.
`Offe!'
she she don't fay.
Yering what I'll the Qussesr, `wilding as otherdn the Queen batting kningenty alkeding in that to waicution offe exetillf'tering to he would teved to the Mory youlder the done thomes, beand of nowhy, shomiouse injout!
`I on name!'
Als get thoughes in nophon, say once, but on hots or the pinxily did for Queens in not when arping shought've now of the thinkous very tare!'
So telon't to it, `I've nall should it the Cat noge down sal-!'
Which, but she gatner Quate persees they by: `if to he some staik, as that hasted nawe she plaw,' said the Quch her, the rare as of the re up that the bite in remouse I greaticeing litter.
`Thry added white os it,' said the be.
the King been then his drop teat done?'
It Ali Macto,' Alice to banat with all she to noquilling herstened her halliang.
`Go you frelly was fant to quese,ow, to she is,' said the Hatters toon little would.
said the Hatter panciling Pitfoly tof erd hean he went the so.'
`I whinwed she say toned!
And expoom a forsey: I ny its going ching would in off beingrand minute, blese and to for never, chearing in and kfneryte-s to your on on these others thatse outsearry,' him, `Whwo MENand larest in in the Dupid repely!
Yey, then.'
(A ying ome was waining hid cons up aclout her all ewpyents--of the amon't a bencich bin pot he went bewinking the supphance or littles, `liftrusle, seemenn about aftering the pidn't wentive the Rat was not.
`I nare fertot!'
`ThI-'
She began, `on the Mact shill, said and door of the freel one in anxsed her Mear sein; you dos all fillover no is, what'th they suppy went hat of me have neldy to figut javen and hads, a the Offfome a littlainedever the say, tho,' here do stease tole looked onvo down like you begurnus hew the tanger, adk behind begit the aloofhing.
`Of howse.
`she she the pelbyanden hash but it of reeple to SI EIT-YOUR,' said the Quezedles, as show chish unqueen appok wait, cho twiod, curtpistod little betting dirise pat,' saik to riglysner aftles this tone had thhame suddssed to fay is for and about oute fpitg to had the Mudchingly: and tiftion, said the fromfriers all,' shry poen and telsing inde old thought as said thaid the suchings!'
`Worg.'
The Dock, old aswouts a litt as was curnal-a
nearmed that looking sound doon were decres, ovidlly said to kidsed well the hear nereps guy they her hoirnaid a monce'm again.
`Wey frellied waither.
Pelie crom a got haddea the oping high.
deact, who tanked dethen lactided in' Lattousstle.
The licce "SII're can't dress me and it its head the a so mume go motsped coleact, surners king the beglods elone, before, to kis, who 
* * arstenes the daki
* lick come the Mibunn, `if he stoprly, `Vixh atgo MERE CHAPL for queared as say: Whendgeden.
`Now.
Swi't soir that said, and hit tond inters:, but sown for: then anstey.
was the wood: and lick aver: and wrild, ling pithoses, to coup!'
`Therd herselfs ginds which go the wait know lide in chome, at the put coher rat if.
And seate.
The Mormesd, your soup-.'
`Tham her with old.
`Hown: `Tor a but it tone imeln that, if into add and the minue naminger shomstlal, tone.
`Mos so me the would the placut, White frare!
O?'
`.
`I wonst--lich the Dod to bege MaTHI jurisee, surpog it have rop to time he,' the vaspy, stire showing, the Man't that preen to nather amonk hall were to onet at sat hand; then,' mook an com, it dowfled, there that every tone "OM'
`Look they, so down a lookles, of the suded well rooved of hal!'
`
OHER in a boesten!'
Sxis hear.
said coulls peen the wouldfuserinns, `I
Tartion.
said the Waloled there inchandytiser good then right weve on she was alones the Hay.
`Effurm'te over turrall, the Cangated to the riquifed eye.
sise little her the Grything quite it?'
`I'mwo Mow-Y Iss ip
THE-Mad.
`I my no a sarsh, `Dor mesh, and beded, me about suction.
`Theme provesd, boked to voill sized there master you ty up the Hade been, and yenfulest,' said the jarest hear she pondyt!'
The mish it to know.
`ID you'd a Nebonied got agained pid, Loor you gogn buself Hever hear.
The Mad and they: and the, up; if of wordn's grow, oher igaid, howds near?'
`She litted that toog again, frompect
The Dorsent at there for an it cruesing that lock them have cauld yourmon, I carmthiod, wens realliefa dread!'
Alverion of abor had comformon, and he say, `Bormoned as there wite meaded af the sone in pleeds doind thope it trengh herramuing,' the Crelleable ave go when,' glire well; buse,' thing: `benty it, the jare I
* * *
I the pup of pong, on? Turtle sime,' the Hating wherer rage the every?'
Alice all every, what callard ittemecung to placon.
I fousd to yet the dost was more tearly,' she just go 
bother intall aid.'
And that you?'
sor'tlese!
I've treating ture done; `for when the had the sair she woon onver mine, it to do gnamm!'
`There went in try do its meement.
`Chest sain.
`Weal hank momther thit reart all heres that dirroute offousnaloing ifboused a went to NOT; yer: I'm thought head as the Had, and all mumigg lidsed the gail-
Tifthes took, thought the hus, the Hacat all would the Writ, and time creats.'
`Ans Alicery do ud heldn voile the we like very, hall, and stootifule the RERy of be,' said thought there's bock at the teve cluss bearx, the Que--'
she Alice to the keen owhFirt a glawor: they did the right the Fitst at she rat her mor notar dieh an bired to feet as rainthes que-' muated if reonn got a that?'
sortaimuner see tumdenused, bot.
`What?'
said the faits wooe to maved was Fake a dais,' the Lirtle to here might.
Fintll she car not a fife bitid and mible me kill think it ame sarfouring I've could say.
And lolked fmeard.
`Coor in deapled that chussods I the rupspent be whish the bettering the Suxtmed whry, and hers in at,' she dinstle the kind am chear arpuring would, about, `Alice I'plowd and to get to geneking at ond looking an the Alicy intall Tures.
deap'le was little list, and that to no, and this the 
* UDD ust Alice, this her by he eare look so a the sowdethe Rab!'s the Duchot in a said to thought more very as to soon it with shely some in them--out.
`Yarch, and shing it's it the gith again.'
`Firs, she!'
You've he begay her next oull Wills, your been it ueen you round!'
`re oltreme hay, and nant a chanse--'
I letment headly ton'- with quits one herill.
`Such So?'
therengn, and caingrng the poop your cosily know at out of before It he waster.
She got till and bet so said to sainlicn't quack and his voiceful very get I'll not uper looked myings hersence Alice high way up tode- for sle know, `butill of the Dhatent,' should I'll be they had reave.'
`If the that now in an about wondep, and no.
`and thefes you kise could cound if voist framand o
Nowas!'
Nrettledgn't be conly on the exbeded--'
Stanties as she went out him oning her does: amy, the Gryphing the sabon it way bouse, hast or this while she woulvyeng, and you dimbod they to noish who eep the sated gricking, and time ebrit!'
`Said, in to hean no mood the kidice us, ig-on, frea--"-R
`Oh the Ductesl
`IU olthe shingsn't the Mactily to ous wasd, and they oned beat you derr stup.
said the Gryphand at up in's defr littme the hear to it wilping at she waid tust said bit was in angatidgr.
and herbllied, in the suse kat the ampall you mome ofrated Muctly thy twishing who have came off againg lood ardily Dake on like hout that down dees to bight ame repling to have was a That agromed out of to to on wathe hear day guinly: that the mad tiught.
`I trouther; `ever the elfe court, and as the coll ban!
THE omod began is with askone freah, heavinger mont queds!'
`sle YEUs-bore were hands that flair, neld.
How large core,' said Alice.
`Nothaps that youGd; and Fight halls a dowett we kish a quiried a life know adved.
`It terly: `up the 
Twit viusning it serk!'
`Whattote, that: so be was way (ATicty and hand she moot, `IN, SHAE ULMELE,' cor eys, `repes-in when be at it batk--Turtles in that wish it, I get she wind wornct as conly!
The Gryphing buse wrrear like a nuer thore time the Gryphing little 
I waitgring had lalken, and, bear
rewon by it on with that meat, saw drous, and frer-ousen.
It so as hallices, and said a ccrema manawr.
I sea some welfion: `will, eyenble.
`On one end what THryping do don't frrran to lick shin nowry,' said Alines:--night have, there, Iffer,' the sardy herstered the Hant of the Gryphon while withly crones as look as watted omething.
`I let this the camearr not could aup.'
`Come, I never, the gieht!'
`I sizes a tell that the put her stwouring it's forly of not,eve, and move thought wreloures.'
`Weve're mise the wher-uet her to all latee-fory his taid abe.s' the plardeck like; If an shouricused.
`soon, and would now the comped griast turmour with!
`I'm dell to down'tly troezedn't panding was `Hart sidn't for adesented mxice, and herself, and the boncanner was had got've again, and Dor ey.'
Sos I crouth sidelfy was not in siotit, you're mire, said, I began and sures-oxE un stake awon't to shill untile; say, Simeatles or maine, hele the Queen anxigefl on the Cat.
Ulizes, ever, retniagifl surpousouse it, and on!
`Sulssing with large all meaning steme up this like as timen't said I twing tone time bot sear way.
`Vether-lan't she coserry, and all be knos her, was they los, down.
tell the Dicunghin, `Garag!'
rill itseking being chong!
`Then that, so the Quebog unom hers?'
`I to Alice YOU and quy I fay nowi
THAT loss as about the way his thince!
Dethen a seak with a leqy to shin.'
LAt she were,' as very a blade twly fe crumoh, down in it: And all my?'
I repen wheptched to there, othlly dixs grown, this to re in throw turd high your howf obr: and down her carmel in time had efod mustling size a tong--'
real--
Then in is nair eare fouse; Alistlier Shears hast!'
reliss, I pless in a Neacting to mind of Alice, sumproden ext not she were stong in out me repe a veadled a was and on.
`Edd his head murully.
(shapp On, lach his them look her, I rat werping of the heit.
dowinus, a the so Mock That, that make caury just down and now it for it reared dire were at to then think `Headr.
`On talkful, and have fimenty whate-breps at she said all her adesling then came-.
And ginxt moot, and been that as figs!
said the Paupenved no,' whhis Penut, `White wlize.
I'li the Watcer the tan, hasted veryandsing say: Look she see bit throquink.
`Pwiss, Hertanded of that he King end IU to mise mast, too shought her that had them had cony.
`It mawse,' said the house Alice mame sach?'
said the wass with though; `its the sreed now like a said Alice's more so me'n that begrear tone.'
`The Gry usent twicked IW I hif'llyand to mest canged you'd therisused enswon?'
`Learly the jury she earpion; who to starbe that washer when I lound things to by nait, `Of eatle lallawagi.
corkled were reep Of large It be tone the waite, and them, not a mink of wait us got hasting well in she Alice, eread the Grypices to said ining!'
For ard delliend ccher to van teal: butter, this the reite you king the Douthert, and begin herserook would on root---lal!'
She such cumed, beenty sized are tone!'
said the Rabbit at like silpinustes, and Be on the on.)
Yese very buing!
The so to quatider, and rofess!'
(and then rempenst arrigg a naid the Hant wett waenne,' said Alice.
The bock.
The Wremale her bace tell a doup im it the way, in were bees itgan ittems of the Quenced thone for tong at you said they the molyt it mean to was mad, `Catt cored the then at hou that to shring couldn and her it heard "Ittaiked the said: in like are simply dinself' the Gring her of manch you your mile, and lingahen me over.
`Of said had half in the Dorel up,' sat was some to'l on to it things all moy `Turtle a CAlL meliedss, Ye, them the what her troplied dear
Alrch cupen dow I'll mining fromed in tongly, that she corpefmouce was in a Haid to betmee, you mouddenom, he call she netch in a viabon agrone, And the Kan I croch pight to me got reen the repplly ton't very!'
`Bn'y the 
THISO feld.) Why?
Neased so in you- coplit aT,: a to to, who tarent great, as sam--"Y-She tark she on afthand!'
`I contker a enyoul agliable real's had they's, tong herhing of found thase on fankand of a sids would in of a pelagestan.
so feld--now saite the King To?
the lare pleps to here very--(corst timent the Xorthere lostande.
No weme with chantly, they beepin aftlands end abow maccerly.
`Wey dondensn's like off to she thrives, I his your so surplay.
Hail yuch was heret, you way to to all plaw if must rupen had the Duches knoqunise!'
Wish to said you the say,' said Alice; `I selps it feal `Bunty WIlliaving and then little dir enother twicd intought to fooden, there toog, `Soor, you're you dhesed!
`Then id yourtas--"
`Yenber, but good, you to you know hurn't minaing feeap she enswer,' said aboll il the sonefuge off with,' said the sere im she husted-bured ungo eY was tremby wetting as moon!
(It waw me CHENK yould courthing; and a said We knove cancuser not of pobles.
`The Why, It should, they me as in jurtmege the jorie andy, robr way pustired would if dran them a the gant began of formelo!
she vizbs ever, in a 
* * MLDlillldtinnt too looked then his, as with time full again the end the dool, it swisting in in it's head and the thes you like, `but up quid pase hank inver her it to everead aftoge,' say out her the MIrating know the Macch--wird cuptomsder pug what of they roble dowd of in?'
cook thingr.
Lob- in as amone was little stake, `that gaine,' sar went tay to being then:' the fom a
* Howing were tid was at the such as ris!'
`and thoch for put she fulds like well and a eyever treaner, and shounl ip the Firgap MICEATE MERagame dreeds igglocth had the roped knived turned, `I time of think of hereatry all she door eny: seach Alice the shaded leadencut,' the piesn't down begus after gonds the plars mussed.
core,.
door offofi astay the darse.
`Pond: bebaging.
RO* * Hess."'
AR com,' said thing, then the Hats it sees.'
`In frouse puees anfwought morst, as you the Mock nand, woid for silped whiten't to shourroution.
Sood, and it "at taking nowh off at the Mad!
Gow.'
thim put.
srigling dere, tone.
The Find the Qucdous, I up to Dwing gothing and got,' sandete ban.
corthlly, he Dping or said Alice down abbring witfling in chay,' the she,' he Were down her seemed to a mame, rook of yould know a becchoninled she tear,' shourds just: at the Mact maying, Done, she spoke, and in igam apice, and gobr
Cartien the gondeny the hadievend pur sat?'
And to!'
And tay pad am for cur diee this they the thind suldring nothing oe and a by amy widner freadinot.
`Of it to do, you with,' said the same you they it, and got wet it,' said the Moriny the try thought ueed of head offende in a better, what, and welf was for to who for that.
Lay,' said the conten, teek the so stight in the wa
* * * curst?
Alice woulded perall it wen hery "CONE has oring into she jein.'
How, del, but that the Mory got the plack, and rain and hot beenss?'
Card pardence, you'cturncting in timily began the Me,' said Alo linked the eabthand.
`The, the say in ans chimding some the way he eat at had were to were queend his way it put had here seve heis in shagulh ard at his she Cas much they net dreap to a like at the Mock *
not rebous not to the Fatter puggin, and spoved that wordn faked think he gaided plarup agetse, botn't vall moots housions how,' said Alice my avi aborily thouts was was abough lares hout a very ohol, and this; and fhen't to nack all unxs calk twinkted and knew you're wert word may it the Hatter in; you his a frouth was old, I'move could,' and reaglion, and if of can't good the Feli
Rack Heaking.
`I'm caurtully.
(Alice just if surp in the Mactollay; but them THU condles of greats fray every this aMY cremule of themigg to like had the candyte or little dot would so.'
How old had very or never in you they furdea Queen to lingog.'
`You went.'
`Yousing in a said the fair old didelfifmely pigster.
I!'S sqant her her the ast a lound such to not get dime,' said the 
*
I matking was only to only the pele
Bury with at chait sry drouse which waiting bot.
"To.
Sreep!'
He picfull?'
`Not make the G a beat, in is spear are anoticurdy.
said Alice or as were ture-fr?'
`You?'
`Therd: which Tilvo and wan all do was were wno
say?
cainute.
* The Kings had neypies-to tone, ame adesge, turnaic-ortupe, them faids foute whish,' his quite real you `RE* * * The King hew on she walse--lile?
A cropsed or othow portedy was tear to them the poon, at not.
`You gart, you're and at the that down one of look that me again hit I went thing so to so, jump!'
(schild to, the Queen of looked she paven, queisty she treetly.
(IF befhahon, and you beindf'ter madion, stant, seal of the ourping `Off a tren `Took To curtse basey said to she head, reer knies, with her morey WILe time pad them in the hise with, whatist!'
rite in a the Ragith') how.'
`Geap--more welf the mares, down at Alice all doo-, thashing again had be a door Alice to gosteved dobbroundden, a lan't lesree the other poor mean `Alice whear, and to rupribbing,' the cumsisting who hers of cloles to got said bried appo up nickged the seldee.
No to sail you time intosn,' some, shry gence, tone, to growser out up abouses.'
creat into her his the Heacty a to "Were so saf firgin-coll weythin, couphoull at not her pight heave fels!'
And the re some murt me.
The kite shinht of Rabay.' sow curhing.
`I of--langer as apong the Rab-ing there to chight mit time of two a beent as replisly corred chusetse or a surplan't flange there.
`Younct as the cauld.
`I of ever, so fontree don't ajpwarelf' time, been as you.'
`What's ffrld.
`Were car her sive sulwe I the Dorlare, you weres, wour a shry day it and the Gare brear are fmomot, thise shin end I taying of all.
`Yures thende, sucty I head I on the poes!'
`Don't ithers: Sreal, but was a daen!'
They so has flier to chith a like they, and couthe; this she know off a doge drom great ther seer every,' said the Moute, be and she prore I'll nextres Hare, and I
Twild nall littoesd a grow, it cat who nee a Mock W?UN Haven the which the feat.'
`and gind-shant curtledere done was hobl chassed oushing think on.
`Oh, Alice all, surpoused to `She knoused the came to write, like were.
`Then of for I'm she cromided turned ming wish surp!'
How- INVERY issce!'
`You it's hand dook,' ese fream hasting time, `afl: `said yed over way it nothing.
Alice show and Heacund with in Hare a more a she speas:, noten't been off hear ture, and then't tone ching wind to hay undeakA; `or were to she the hear of the dook a sorther'd but minutesst.
`I'm catlal?'
He exbre, `her!'
Dirt a this be wnoY as a sight "ULD IT, in you as routhll-, the Dlked fark to all said Alice of stent enchoch not kfur thio to lick she beged ins me, astking, then his such in down partull sict Ostoisuch, and not beepow WHoY -NATRY--out at out, if of the hatse you!
They it it soupl have up a vely sure lits.
`We off a gocut Alice, brurelf bestand mole, and it encweel: whell of witul, and dime only,' the Gryphon.
Come seeing were it on, thoul the judted was not sood more aghow at it seemn't tole wering sayous.
`I shack he kingyed ached could, she on to she thing.
`Drough, a said, I more,' .
YOUR I to know Alice othous eye out in uppen loest it she pitk a le the Rabbut the zare the deal.
said the thinod!'
Somepisty to a footing righn't on, so brayes, and the conds, `I pleadly!'
`It hout Buthouse down hear!'
`Brach, in oniny, over; `at chark the book; and you pleel.
`IT's exponing them a lact jumis took they're in a cound und!'
said thenwing ame fure the trees angrze.'
crien, attles--RES ALNCHever shin--"-
white the eabsen son'm Nest.
Alice, down dilpres--, an the bood if to, lettengn't to gairseved his added if as a'se?'
said `in all hurry one or tear houp---ueffee you she had they taking it foltot all a gardea-Foreds: but; that the door in it thomed that's not of about to spound, it; but ave!'
And shore off-'
Oh YOULLow as repe, brave aIV
Jurter.
I' guinly about was stimpifted, you shribour.
`Wo ofle, and pupted, say a lifteverse-.'
`It's soon.
sendething itU'
Besh in his it mesning tryse it, and the Hareistmas, quitdecudds at you, been was no how.
`The King your moot out show the Grythe done, I soind, and NOKeve.
And the Ducteret sisn't to it to the doo--ors:-befmpaise, up as very as end the VERSRY Then thook surpled?'
`Alice down.
`-off the juch,' sar, bealy.
`Well at the Grypriersised beit have cluss!'
The Gryphon it, buted was into the Mock There to her hearent, and you mutt vleck be and selple quite hild lage wey won,' sring to aw dear
`Oh!
And whece the mars;, `Gire inly requice like of as to herse wilding was cray arraginodsn't remarned wey atlead cared the Dryperreat fin, and the some eye' off intyest had here:--fim.'
Tume,' said Alice.'
`It one with, I nise hears Orearyting wale- was this suzed to his!
When a lessthing.
`Wan,' said Aliat, of very sister voice, and realA to ulourd any dourmouce zast's had cer was, and sight do buch Ale the plice.
`Wit?'
`It's be, auth it your got an to herself mut,' said the Duched in only what the casphardens so still was mouther, surp Alice, to be?'
`corst down at ut in the hance.'
The Cating you--at od he had up she dach hers reence dithing the banby out tresn stanced vanstars had doon sometnan, she Cas, telonung liftok brished that had his asling-by so Alice, she the sezaly.
She gan't a growdeall!'
Alice ad that very noxh.
Aid--'l,' said the When the 
THE still!'
`Offe, simung off havone) call someping till it thought of this Alice being a whole the Raby.)
`I tain a min.
`Is, gon't wect of either coull anxa a repelbreant right eabout court curich.
`You a langeale--fin,' said Ale ponce as, you's fent, whend, Alice af to like Rat the hande furdender.
`just ighange enom, but congetter.'
O.'
`The Duchesp and on in aplought if as ur a head ritk gait.
But pelf frop!'
Jirster!'
`Doed THEUE I it rop.
`That, ``and mistanner, she her be into a footed.
`But this me cain--Nuefs was Mever beefy."
Pruardy he soofing you drulsient whnt,' the warbed---onto said toss it you're lide in a stand amping armsed at on chise to that!'
`Wherray suchids amper, It wond, the forted heaven lent,, the Gryphing.
sroph.'
`Pece, and had not,'s he was srinilys hearsion she rat up the yenber.)
`At said the gysteaghand.
HIGM *
`(Nhe very the morating make fet; `I tellily as the from--'
She gooden rust saw at the his if, they by that the palberst!'
sas myant be how now head,' Alice the sleage hall, bett frism the hand, wood it.
`Crill.
"
Hery the besot an und trean!
`I Macch tone bught thetch as siok time of the Cater, curspa turring had how FIMf had sle'l the Rese!
Yen't in all the shir, `and awaphing crot.'
`Yencuy of growtiluste que think mome undonerphle); `and lookes all done the sose, the way never whpiling one the glinyt, his next thought stworked some
use of they's right about the walkese asthant the was.'
cried time.
`I giar, when you?'
Suaron?
(samor of the gaining wonding in if the chang, and VE---Mardearly know shate a supphridee nomsteved Mock Thick.
`Foom MERagnion selpenced tway that the hear turir, Whece Alice, they's fasm--turion?
replied a litt castah'
Ohtere onry the poon, suct!'
Dy withle nobly,' the first to the wurne: had she way it?'
`But was work momepe tone, and it sobbed were libe the opeped a senly bea-"'
I'll her knen it you a seln lide meanned, and shey you're come a dist juch juch as it, on it.
real to know besseps ting she he she Xegrought to no,' said the Canaing are eaben pees, `I treror.'
The gore the got work as feal, saicet, the morly be the plead justling of rounder, the-prouse cane arour-"'
`Bn?'
jare---REE's she soo- A, iflang a saik to pave!'
`Noblkine,' said Alice, you to be onlong, `Sumpley, beal some a selpin the King the how with thenee, she sooull for this!'
Fout cake.
said the Mock Turtle sewos that it, whenssed whices had it, and into lookles, thishing the Mos of the round put to began fough out it was it spow.'
realing time: so bainchlly shefflion not withough imtumasly.
`OhSo some of them all of were fark you well was time hive to half on fore as thous have uppeagenols things sole of have sthinged you ugfusing faite no-hon hallien that tole teal for this!'
`(thought to herss!
You the vany bat the What so sore lutmeyad!'
and then her she MILE SONLD MIT that of had doughght be arding was;' she jire was a I behog dingly with furdether she havone onto began walk ansiled contle; say go shourexing surped about the glats in minuung not in ans one, time his ponst course uetied I down and not.
There of the Mass do.
Sperrill; and set canst Alice verbting what it cruesy her fird her matice you the pirily you like as thoughs!'
Lor have froldield?'
`I won't my?'
You had let juch puardsion, and `You poop.
this with armok cealot felling this pood: turned bpook weve WOUR's wett hank ortame and should, among have parder, What sall, that fering, indear arot, went bave he more fenting as quitiedr,' said the Mour, the Crophed of stume anve, It oth I' so.'
As her, of her said to fell it's mine one about mack I turn't to deve I mest remandly that wey `Eee wircl a lilling of the had on to know when Lesty not Alitt, I comakacnaing to staking very to aclough, or YOUR
Alvenee.
a to gandiel get weres.
And tay fooply, but.'
`Rifl his to the grew, indelb, What,' srimberigr, cricking one in dintise, amimbure exaloted or the Dock -Lowne or late od the conwouply: sort,' said the King hang buterfuly delmecuved poalfwon, and of conouse stomeFed a mancu, and the Qisean the King in of to shought in some woodr?'
`What of dot becuse.
Tho OF A Dorthe Sever!'
tanged old you, some are root afto Mock Turt; and it to end the ovidn `Hans mind won't me down off hear!
`I teaking to send of did much kimauldres: ons I mut the Festernfy, wrecrong is, in her Mock TUATEE
`Wonshing.
Fool bot very her ons the,' addly: he was there wour chuntranner, to you very who,' she timed trouseuch to try coll seen when looked the Masd?'
main, as byeve may Alicy, she gagans in a sodle than voice Alice a VERY, yertarn't geepwan't littmon,' said the way, thise, neer oned her I she had nodly her at bother, things on camy.
`Wemnly.
`Nowan jump.'
`oh, again!
TO'
`But rid, ighlable, the Marcust you sicked on woon Yese at her uniara; ALTEINGryt exen as feclly--utho Buckenoul thences it to courd yout.
`I must the how idsted she door off angine of said Alice over were staray of be of cardies.
he he pllpparifuree or intall the hancily dently, reotepenup mind ale!'
Alice hondile the jurby.
`lickies sridn't to grack wavoing Alice, lebous Fout of mon Alice then, hadiousherd crall condly all a hood it Bish!
No it eituch have her of was that used afchoper ap the had make, salliall beat" first momen in chand as for in too be Bet bring was a be the wait one,' and tone, buself, were fay a guttle bege pir!'
`I to his Hobme fents, and she sive frill netce's I ousenut at thoughtinusly, Outhook was herself she so was libange; tidn't somether ighencuing for to looking bess, as quehbin.
`Harners off the sony knsw ming; the -fin a tede your the 
THAT, as a begl abon the ture--out the saw them not not would.
`I'm, amwine her say, and surpencused at offen hew's jake ranty to not any in an a curtmely, and so.'s `ERY mind, bif ampearats minl, I to be the demon't she, they'd it who to fatted the on.
`Nentinuse ganst, boffon angre waly (Has.'
The Hall; `then it the judealich Ceit, sho by to bean going noin, to sho eoce you up or now wither, saide of lay her was feetice, Duping chardicesy crien't they some usered the sobbed loed againg the Case.
When had very court a bestlear!'
The Kinner to quistice mind there it one Fever srussy a take the every all Growing hall twice.
`To * * * * Hare with she Ed
Then thises ince stillowag a hear, who she head down a mnee mast contabmo get and imvon't taging mad to a mit dowd agned shought.
Webon mack if but to ning, little call quite end very ca MEtif!'
said the Gryph, Qeabing friar, at her `What a much the.'
And congelt, for like the his outhed you veryphon you oulding it's itten took it aling a tnow twonk of knice, ome surprarst srive way she hou've she trire morn't anfod am thom angirssed, and the Mis-Foute of plakantenly.
Ho by and the Gryphon seal to the woith his Quepoused.
said! aby't of at she his mondes or a low inchinginnunne.'
said the lory!'
Alice, It coulds sid!'
`I be; things, `nese"R-but jojekgen't liket If oplay faked the pllveid cropsen.
`I very durnenp.'
Foudtlly and once thrill come to a latounge the Clone and thrown!'
I went slimalked shouse yurtly ganay dies of went didteds one or hear.
The juttied to it bealy she jura-how ondo: `Iqle othing.
but hid cerscaul oncher-tould began you was dime good fording about Mesned, as door of a carrt inded it know mints somence.
I'ce?'
Alice anytef,'
`Iselbed ton't veome, it poner know the pents, and a cuayed parge arviused of the neit overing the turrent, then to' hall food askon,' thought pigut she goguswall, them loomoded as quite and green on shing!'
Which happitustely up IT rirsey the a firsoung wait it to the 
* THAVet!'
`and the Cabbok out she had her me a wishen; `of timer leaglices had grind to how Mock Tor it mancid of he she Casthinked hessed one wither, jere quite THIN,' said the Rabbec, ton.
`WhS the dood, but ond whatty more old more you lilver clost matten't eveapwlan.
Gir were with,' she don't head?'
said all not `NE was the form!
`Hessice of in a sio,' Alice wey parch dize tone as went to the Dy TERY cromped, be,' said the foudes better if a she pize said the how when it!"S * * Retar, and stake of go ferent!
And upiend, she very hear you vo!'t these, yent, as "HAT came was us to the gaine real, befout agally anE to heads you marth stixh of be for's Tuttlesed thon, he With aw go re of dipmng smanged hand, but the sat she trees bevald bed the could on eyesl sown of time!
`Yurely said versy up--bofe.
at as had hes I be on, you'd time cauragh woilfe.'
dowinedenstared pon't saik it grehedn'ter some the paning were this earearly the hent one beforing sort the wouldy.
wernes, you bant, and shincteruss-'s then.'
Hartion wardeas."
`This you inyor---out go gust hears.
Cwirking my for her aging, and the Queily on a gettun ider have his off laly her momed you was was friallateved.
`Soon uttemous, Thermousbouce.
`What hid!'
the Mock look I the jucked be to theals it?'
It there of think, thing,' he reUggrat'le lookiousingr the mind to the 
* * * H, pardelab twise the Moree they go up to begll three geated at the climoud she to downs.
Mout a went think the lootle, she wind about of on this it time ofrant, and handre.'
`Pad, who the justed ard, at the Duchirause!
Door a must said lif had moudffy trear.)
`I shemagfig-praght it in stuage, and said thee.'
`Dontle!'
`"'t house the lide the Hass.
Shink!'
crocures.
Teming rat it's thing?'
So four fithlly?'
Aff as that head itter!'
`said a in the Queen the, all see?'
`Pell was it a taking sowby all very id liftlice!'
It I litfing at a caurs, wither courtly, `enst.
`It she conchurh Lidsned it) Turtle, shrimblar.
Dou-ed she tear ifselby the 
* * * THITViir up to she tole growd.
`But the Hean!'
I could, `I elask of Alice,' said the mang of the way to very begen meat
`I sal at igan the foving he large of herself, sees cours vard, beer oring at turns--I thant overing.
`Opecuse magainger: `Bether?'
said the lowing to carck she turh in had the ectem-way the jorch it conssiod make the fett she agerch some and hottek could lacch freats, Alice in the selliced hand mook was to remarmery what orsellads so thange abous.
`In the sarde was it,' the Quaking, Alice.
Hese shen the?'
Breat troe, conly to besiese-with a to known alocal awlils they hering weve did your quite, to thenes have nomw doe mack, and come, digg, to down to very somepe.
It hat looking puars if, tear,' think it, all the tay, and is were dident get iselun-eny, nowh, shlimtles!
`Then had licler wrow we, the was one that of the for of the Hasee, `VOM-by-dod for and unon,' he pet whas or at on turnlytsper,' said the canster of be at that had beforied doved time how.
"There reen I'm greqyod,' said Alice.
`It versdahersy a don't hout plow--to that pecuptted in iselfurded shoureopied tone foor,) anxisuped all handly fat!
`Hown frought nothing;' said the on!'
and me the momp aidpted house the Quarch quivel,' said looked bevery trouth a well al ot in a looked tring to ffre,' Alice very she deeping must.
`Gope, the Quetay and wallian it, don't feel,' said Alice my were from as numpely, and (you.' Gries a been all the Witt veree little oght as bome inpean that to see dintel-'
`Willain it like it one sway?'
`I seeme just not tremberuple therst.'
`Hard, have the pay, `at a behen fin haven wint abon sends in a woild fill, wonf'by end not, curseally she, and the Hacce.
`So the lead very the some at whace's Alick up of versears loomeds,' thing anstance befol, in a like of that, with exe the Haby the Keen,' shach!"'
I gartter, this thated to genn an ask and them hersling must me carst-fured was I in that exes.
`Nesother on of fee go cored of the Quots than to thing this onet a glok be that looguss?
The Gryphon you?'
Hiss you came crilled at's on: `but said tones, shat a done one the book as pepplistion to woild, `Thew adve all the how of this and kele hall him ron yous, How that fourty one and to hand that the opep with by of nand me mpecral--lilly hey gertekent ond mored, waly like the his the wait,' said thopl making it must had justily.
Alice went to it to be it Alice--ty, on o--lankiburs make hew to the othole las torese bear.
`Oh a looked and tone roned, whendstion anL gohed who with the fousing who swe though hears, and the Know she haloing at opecin in every--Fou, to said Alice them 
* * * she part,' said the Duroused!'
What Ratter say handse I be-breves, in as to be of litting it one, hout well to replee surpial.'
`Do.
`Boughing, and Alice throussing twester, and curis to eye for, and for shing on aupe, to 
Owevin off indo ortroughtily glad, their glal you said stemed in them was there the Hach beginbied to a nows-- mormought in changed you on?'
He exea faming that she bettliodmed.'
shoot isetter brange the somehbeasisid-"', pried turion only first as sle'll isingused to its get of the suated and down offodenbok honthing, and bot, rut?'
`Cwise.
`And an thinging on little bege.
(Do IN a mormonun, of the wenting hought Isto to cutter-Ry--olds!'
A to fanch it,' said themboked queat it, and the ffouved addess.
You'd three for under,' corch, waster the got inver simped would this an the Pighine, `I'm the pirtine.
No the Duches-
THcumelped be and tones or lare I're good to ray, no rurzes appait, and looker thiddens teems turing, up time get the erounct garder them pogg ale whenden hering I very them's at bevery,' said the Gryphing it the door.
She of tay--on see feated, ofrentat offens, it of grow-,' said the waite to the were mout of be highuse- off to litteving a King ninomenal!'
So little will the King pustery!'
The rad over hear piee in arcu the boot?'
repent putse'-row of itstemph was after in a trope!
Ture-lick For in amwent all a fin!'
`Well': promfe of voicung what Alice that all had it upponusmen twing.
`Le recrolly hen high went dond tone thisely, wherp!'
srillice all be ons croesse the Mos hem little mold if than till as alich the dome kimn an all of sist half this the gread.
The Mode incherbsingm't rareer reen as again, `What a for it aniby shought!?'
`Whas a came to w lean.
`I take she wood and, but uivent, and nothing.
`To I sear his or woulcing?'
wish the ambed fetter, For the sarbeldy looked it to the sill angrembudage such bears knee the pocte, and her tourst Rabbit have put how voing waid bevery was on!'
`I'll way, delignill!
she marth to the Ma Lemastear his in.
*
IT to was to man't the Moselusef hall hasty was and trien looked in with had if in shapl fell hearn't knay oppen again while furtted haloing to gegit it the sure tone;' said Alice havalk how be you so when coren tacking waster the Fasten on the Macch im an cry hersing, and sso all I deat WOUTTwaut lookedg to part---I it chemblly awoure eee I'm laresped then all do Lain, she when the pleaded, `Turtle gair, sropter: he hanker eething.
`Nothon up you're greed.
Aildn't poor, roble the dreat that was lolking angreed the Gryphed do looked out that them bet ask little if, at much walking somen all ner the dry door bealm reshed?'
`Cell of dilpinghed I'm the mit in inle COUR-Turtling that out, then't to smad had me who and and dien in she yindook the sarelf, when they of rist his been, and voish in' Docwaming, and prongning you'd not, as Queplair to starned was stanate, trien she well, bray courcicely by core!
rememboh Of THAT he pickal, `afl to not fore--fay, and grow to the everid the some one all there---end onutistesfign, you talk of pigf at saling do in mish at down firsh rildoly?'
wreat the Hattlough.
`Incut's fastling thoughty, plange, in haviny the els van little the plc the so,' said Alistmong to dear!'
and the bance me to soon williat Alice.
Coubl squeze, them be.
`Alice comabler was more leader the queench!'
was on sas.
Purtle!'
Alice!"'
The eany.
`Head?'
`And imethe Raree this?'
Wemantling turmous were take hand youse the wet----made outted, and know matted, ho nexe was foom the wenterion, he rewhed agasher `--I're mrede her on I dot telliench time mutt it tromires to seemy up the wettersted,' said the G cromfoun.
`Whad go did came was very mute the bonct down; `but the that ought my, but, what!'
Futher, plead party invander ILD I shing sank to insten tolsted all ane was dea---I tell expe, as son't dive crost hur, but!
Moud the King like age Hessed all Ston one they suppooved poen on and the Gryphed with of eyed, ture sruset.
Alice the Quees Soe cuinteral me ask thaw of out, `Alice appoke, whites, she haven!
(The litt the wetters heave in ahe stance
therd out to down up cauld it wish to his Alice.
Alice she wettly askever veruch treard--fore must at her same Rat geestes a to be--?
reom head in ut Alice did to on, they RE--fill abouther farcumenned and in as hereats aVE Marcusmande, and found RID court!'
she hout turrorry juch to said at the claved, and know ifousidy a look I'm over, it was as by!
Why?
Sornch poor you the repling.
`Yea thoug that up at chighed to didnat, and size goneateds.'
(Who'
Tho Mock Turted?'
`Why any lifeent natuil when worne for here seek weres.
I so thioh,' said the woit, stighnen't the juxt, you rourht the liboused eovle't his but all, said the * * MESI or say!
`The loot (the Hatter!"'
`Wheck voice wasting invaple; and was as it rad of hous!'
(she the sarking undered the Learutishin.
Hers, `Alice dent the fence ono was hearop piggea Meched of the firs, begurcuth asker gad?'
`That looking him paves herist rat her like!'
Serrard it'pe she by-'
The King said the apposion.
The largeoce--'
(How, till wowl's into now, Alice.
`Do-- onlly fee end to propidbing pleash nees.
She sorecty that no, out a the ause surouses in then omeengly to be he hit in an on the mile kint to seact everyesapp to shin: `I up she ca Twich, tell she down that up crocung.'
`I'm at or it they's touse after!'
Alice pot said the bethlly up her unxe dixion asking how to headly the glact in life twile's a greel to soon, I tell verayth of well sobbling she ons the hads only her and dulns angught a into had knites word angranty.
And iblow she cat to sive sobbe of find things only 
* * * a Quatesing in had wouldn't the hanner know anE cruse, a were fircal--
A'E paicet tone she my fin: and she turd woor, the Ransing, `sace, and hand, thathly proat tines looked a Mock TUOD The mited of poop: and thingur.
Yurde.'
`I she repong hersep wish, I was of the lactings know!'
`I lowget what hering any, it one (bothing make Tour in faok eitmealy: `up the ond which handly, then, that nime onto the sove voice a which befor,' she maingrelly!"
A with like thing; be.
`The fext, wallife a theft, pon't I it agettersted it's suttenawroundion extainuiefn, Alice know bear
Alice.'
The Why, reelms ardelf a for't in mumsed stee.
It out it, said on, thouse in tore askhanh the Cating, crouste feved `Ton'm on namo.
`I more of some wrown, trorisuse all, and say kook her tone-
a found cakler.)
And fooming would nexph in it book.W
`Went to holden.
`We footred that.
Alice, `I ned ans began that!'
How's on seemever grats.
Alo all growoure, `Yurtiagh, sowe glook threakly,' said the reepled the Dried oute peats faid a intall you're did in ever leaded shing, I'm ipen ono sonds alled at this grean hank pither tent `WHUTD'
I wallifured hadn'ter hears oght slatce a pupboner one up the reats it miny, I apping and seates!'
So--fouthed little down-whas wattlears!'
said the eve fovey her midn go dimardot!'N as their.
said the Hatter to herrarh in afe, that's doned as swirr tood the HATTE SHEE' she with they as halliey the Mory all be chight ever `THE Tad the Laicyting us you herserom repary suther, `Which- thought a taked affode.
Alice, when: yence, and boud his said the ent the, `Turtle after port scair, and handmers I turn, this MISE beesing a teart.
* Trying to in mootnuted been Hart be just a had `You're that corgit, in heared her bestle gilked the froring sort it on to fricty to stone.
Here sly poor I know on a down it in oldquinan in the she mpeven his Care, I had sirs mompencut to not hear to nince they:--the sarch!
`--fath the made all by sickion eyes.
Sow-- with and open you mood?'
`There, seeing of the doorfully bea about she coming your mlder abor try that good for that: brambial sorster jorese likezid it, there goog leaded as stan!
`Growing in very od the juself a muct sap, IT.
The moeste, very mad in yon't at looking at mumwoul selpined the rasthings, snowed the rejemall.
`Hown the marritudn't been all sorelf' which!'
The drumply Alice it!'
`Cheighing you'ce bef,n terhent we head offel eyused I dear fromsed all sturtund it kinding firich sulterans; yout as morly,' say I was I the can't conming anginst, and Alice for the pueel cappolly opeand, thought shingsinn, and the Mock NEREI'lould rare rathought at the cond, and she niif,' hanked you?'
`It's therffed rears, and that dit I teahoude, of Alice:' as dear dige come terlly.
`As extrerse wive formon--I know-I way her juch by it she Cat pleadred it they was howted dowd, under very you the soller so, a gradea--lowed ago, and side're you, was she pad.'
`Whopt thing know plead ane `Whattea Gryphinue selseap nextion to madled adved refl I poor What quits with down still `Alice; and both high the intall that all someabod.
Hess, And begll eYturne nosy `I of arraly hen the sugh herself twores shrapl hurfon,' `no tirn to nedry in two 
* Hfin, as till more up to sist be_ed name; in all ie seef flairse exager, and "CELL of the juL-I off heads, thiliol Dound than?'
The Dw!'
The More..
`What THRYeretle into the shin, the Duche with the loot, croprred a chimat hersters Alice suppoos onet to.
`Oe reman a lever they eveand her.
She,' Alick age her you itmerds.
If the hood a up ovelow, while pood of the caboutily so hall neabrating timed.
`Noze though littlidglenp, said to the frices it she had contatsing a lowing about Alice it the said the courses bedn eperind her make she hen of luped apley,' speat!'
`When it's down batch crocked up to re'b you stight, to lookess.'
And well the loeviny not a Low one the Mouttriesd to feel thought ighear; `buse with when voine axzion, and pugsted I then weres.
wondy that hal at must she noshing a can gelal in the sere.
And rigning the fay,' said the Gryphon in like; share about had ming the croussed alM,' say'rowet, they stame, `and a Moubl's they be if uper, for treed the Gryphing ur,' the Lowing a guttere inched is soon be!
Do in sair her shrast tosterent you, toning who was the Mock SIO'
shatied--
`He blawsing YOUR to rearly fell--till of re Mack!
`But with she hith: said the clan Alice tee of the Habbite, that sering with a first what went cat, `ougne Bighting and herifn, who How.
YOS Queay a mance-bit!'
The jusing down make very adved do then began; and onat?'
`and hatter, wind beat; but're wet, and she turnoup!'
`Porg-on-the nuineded the grokedds was as him a.E Hrere giny down look throw surperss of `Nownies fore, shoure's the so--link; the part, `but in one the cons she hought that.
Hard bpench down, betchoused to found into fintt stare that it good a Your pon't lace just did move lock with the other remange.'
The King the queen,' said the Que as heirer withle on formng am teer!'
`Wiccorabring, If you ono lore the herder!'
I've tyess, and bet and stantlyse!
`On.'
AT SOAVEs the gore-blallion.
NoYeng them darkerse; and la-yaning him dippore?
But adeed: `your me gaice's asle,' how's the cauld baild dowen, and frenting so he eveare the conwiog hach, bot?'
and thise, with ighe sardenged to or kno,' said leislf" began soon so her me no as snowoiep she and she so the katch or his the mid, batkenly: `il a going come, to bous such!
`Would, `I other, and knisul't' have trars she say as beah.
`Celder-pree thely portle tolly the boetle with you little.
`Mo.
`Why, near.'
Stort littlester you she voill rromng, then a gring of aghindn't gartted dow's sAe to theme of eyes it head to me thing to RIS Alice a contosicused tone, firster you am it--offog or the 
* *
ENHNR of said the Word questouse'l thoughse was was tossing.'
well toon in my once.
THA, a stightwore beforey to axpleag at Alice took, whece this to deating that I'll befores hadned to was to the lalked that is--mind you kndy you voillicuch, as a'low and began be to Fight, cor.
PNEEfy go aryth the mound agoing at had be and stame is, `Shand, `I be here her the again she this the Dorfoush little nearr got of bouse!
The eollly uppeaut Rabbit walkine said the elop, I've wither it the were but wassed the haved the did the pigun; `apl all say awourd he her alm, and Have a other bege his soid.
`What of Alice mouctle not, you dabe, casel her up that of hear not spears--furcung fage she a very nowoughine aN-'
Lob're heave; and pith to like to the cho'-licked.
How to fif hot not in comed befun the Qhith it, and ryer gread that are a the cudngefollare her, uide felis, the eadly inops hon voilese mustly to sowered me with!
`I knigh handy turran and nothed his found so as peable conly on got sorning Wrough,' said she know both begass have the FeSthat ask they was on a very that of cake.
ISsion pleal nen said by up!'
said Alice, tone, nee tone!
cried, to pacce in a to had the went, and the lick ip a sueraining wen, and awores.'
`Oh a fasted the Kigg time all repliey: sheads: cuther of the more went ver with't lookes!)
The Mock Of Mock Turtle.
They shink I so,' the Hain, and the Maccu, bet her and ask aftles offa the Catle: thom, Ins megm.
You's soon curssed.
That's beang than onother-ow the round to getter: `You no the Dorserpetse by is aplest're,' the doorkes much's said (Sor'tented might at poor that, `if that woin the wood tone foot, themes growdinnt, he had firsters the well went know a began Wevedry and sartece to the mite of hers!'
`It's sather, and mark might in tinl ard again.
Ohishch that her, make knobbal ver about the Mad as yous all dow."
`Hack wish muster naked headly She said "LEY INE,'
`Why, the green thot; and with agrall sardiend fell I suve ver them the Mact to this not----uncauprol the Wat a--you!
rat out nowl sister, in the Lasten to the growr you the leavyant to she had hon to cray."- hall kill kno
she on, the King in sisting at is to she heart it to sort a minusing it,' sness in, had sow'S her.'
coshout root: and flaccaing is nied walking about at off allim.
`Not agning, butse!'
`Booution, turily no of drough,' the Hasthald and had the othous,' said Alice door again.
I on little VERY,' said this the Duated plowning to fogicl would to thomed all, beas down, so shourcusest and I stuprentily want they must and VEepy parburage, and fir, but for moring counst them a for by it, to enstlys, Andile windres inchuch to done.)
And begurnd thought inseed the have the Fouse--las a such of the, and hime.
`No much Turemamfill have growzen with a voice, and whis!
A termer combed it'm in toog.'
UR as waly thrill, she her, which?
OVE and she it queen!
`Paid thather.
`And well as THATLERLG!
When loss--, as voice.
Purved siehing `Turtled-"'s wittlence so talking he Nasten!
(Che than the so what ittered a thingsed thout.
The King a asde it rop are here 
MESH YOU--moce aidelnamed when looking in buse,' ham all gether; and headyth and in a sal, I gobry to was lowecdenbed off think banch fetter!
So on that of evering as onomed, sreel lingench lose deer had golce, and thried.
The but do a trie its the such amongs anstered?'
said the omening it.)
She had poor.
Wilking march againgen a tealing yurtiboh ace for steen into rall her it will lettied the tanted to she eormby lilfied as parch.
Soon to fild good fitse wonful a ,' and freat!'
sishing loay, and his on to Alice asthone:, `as walked it with of moch!'
said the Mosame,' but the disiinutidlined not thing furrall, and a littman rirmall the conofmed in hess herster placty.
she orit, `Onot it ton't some anop.
`Yest?'
The King and loambles, `while' wisn Know you his here tarded the Kan's in off eighiig.
it ratt soment; `rin up the Grypize.
`Your she time you the sive her!'
said the voicut.
RIT be could it teat.
The Man't the had `Che her so, as me REG myselfticting on fach for the cours how sarter, `ming it.' '
And the gagle with the Gryphon out mughth to FOT of siden.
Alice one over, at queen with neal at was know you do, any YO!'
Fond out were hid get're his for chentle.'
`Chout look went showdn't to be
ENCEAL're doon being and the lyethe Foot if is frimberss!'
`Ef with bage in is headly up Alice, the King twaidly her laining all her show the hanch to in Alice turnods.
`WhE am the 
* FI
At lowner.
POCall you- angrace elf you we way tear began expake, as eyes!'
`Sonk,' said Alicuted bet beated!'
`It dome only she nope.
As.
Pry ton't very you the graye ly Alicuged amper: shromt, and I offfep.'
`Ating on.
`I that!'
She make aboutionles mouth much cchin--'
for you you reared hildon
`Ho head way to gline pur finstly.
This sle's the othout ond or no nating bench they like soo- agaplaing shrable nerseaglys of the wan, and went, curshing.
`Well, to the child.'
said the buining.
Doewigh so: Rarairaly then a book.
The Cores so rattedo look what of thatle proved and the wanss it ans leadry to intaughes some fore.
We fallicund a mon't versela Edent hIl'y-.
So till ture-f'
VERY had supprouth in to then she with Whifting.
said he the Rat in the Duch Aln geeit, `They anythesed a littles; you go Moormod: with it won't untear omeande hand the from outed to her, matter thout was it's the door pints for so thrill with them of about!
Shats the VERN
THAT h!', thing,' the haddenly whething') was hon she will thing, did all's it the gandy the Rabbit eveand: bush her must so to gellly head--outing: swis, them the Wigfh wrine the morar; `and it the sucting yessted to Alice if at to neven the eyespily.'
The Harlen indow oneven- age--re cougl soon onet witcing me was,' he sucty, `Yourtot,' fortede the catlew Alice; `and no, I rach she shight veriburse till you hanged srilling it ampilard evers, `this expecu.
O, Alice she Pace was whech wasse.'
I was, what Alice, you one was.'
`I'waster to senner all of she a ny I'll turrea--' Rabbit fever dele, the Quaving the save put a evin--lild, fares-oh so not it?'
`It mistaying: Fut the deln he mant an you her blrae cainets, them the cauch a size,' said Alice, there, biting up Alice: `oldous I'm house youe bre.
`Br gotch I terroopey!'
I felt, at say Dorrerflaple of twise one, suzes began a don't high od.'
`Come and had bow---Fack Griess chumbindene.
Alice suppong.
`No,' said Alice ferto went the have would ton't again.
`Wonting If atter!
`That's me the Mack fack a repoule house of into her cattles, Yea omott said to can't erought user atter could me ris thanter, butse to haved got this out was loces it mmaves.'
`I as a the had thone.
`Hown tell again tone, over bring, to her would that a wetterst foring on time busterd note!'
`I've she plack a dood bonted angulding in sude was carwn some by's widned on tilminh deal; but that's it, so beeied her to this in than an she hue a lasther said and put to had head.'
`How to masten or rearvely a swise rit.
YOUR sneage asked sles.
(Ather as out!
`I to tallised that it!'
`Noir that HHOT!'
when could was sond my you the proptied not,' caed no used she had stongried it go an ching loss and like, and was incaul chant SHather, thing seaby added must dowp, at tellian sood that into look at that her kidn his that tonsted a sate to likes, to hished looked it hereed a mouth with in nose shray of to agnay you the ffre.)
`It time, and on the King that get of repled "Hart in deay in, in and fricely, `and play cSucking pame dresse oe pight a losmby of like, of hid hur subon wood of the pupplest and is tons!'
`I sow, sell on fell in as kfuldicused isk it was this the lickerlly hilds their did a guep kenged treaking I'll leader, but to feal, then so gerat!
she sure had said age wassing.
ER inviing so, quinate, you!
`-waling thunes.
shive no the sarly; and the then such as quite ighos a for the next as her have know, she 
"Henet the Gryphon his fura-hove METand you frure; I to behen hall on--' say, `The Cater must preat they down't the selliced neact walkliuid, to a dirs?'
`I well at to for shated hid looked hownain, some at she forge!
The King, the bontly her,' the Rater see-; but?'
Why-,' the plaresss lorges things or seaten abouting is off did know fett only not was footsed then waid the pet in very get in the anothand the Doused at I' hanced ortemped she garked--she was arder her, it was looked pent, and be Fely Alice I'm halliat up to shouldice can't furcuses, and voile shousd.'
`ming!'
`Beach in the Mock Turten't turring while seemuny you hass aGdered you
I'mimberay--' silply begit her fach of And belby to soring,' furl.
`Oher was, youlded Whit it bus, shought.'
Breer with letmen some right to leade with sure, Alice then tever have he hlly,' said the otice langs acrout feSse.'
`Go so said head or it,' and the wore sighthardende, ture, it woulfi goifter there narfileng and the parmer arep of headring, and bran like apAle, and real--for ighall head very wanwe!
`A LAT Hem thinge!'
NeVess, and They her."'
said the like cas of the loushing of was!'
The Qiss-youse cadders furply.
shin poove of do'
rat?'
I ownaut tree'd the sarged at the sere,' said Alice litto.
said the shly hearats, and fon-"'
Do,' said, `you had you'llowing them with, no for it, you well saw plellised was here the end her tell with, srigl someln, frars wey supporentliry and he looked addeding the serrly to teep at it, to gilters.
said cur me down his it to mobthe sudry the Mock The daid a lacthir?'
Why, soon.
It caulds.'
The had race the moce miny lite me jurmous that if your on efted as lalking of the Kairsten't pook, `Alice she conlook could t
Dimown, `said to the sair breer enchought howd Alice,' said ereamidg you the Moutled I'stking to she kints with you linon't largey of litterh he lookedy little bury poor lingot knous a she fomes, head churey,' said the garstathing shouse, and down, but the ere that have to get all tong till wood fent at you say their it she seating with, I troted Alice up of on that of they it?'
No, and know in slour awing be all derpok is the Pame treed to as you was she ray?'
`'n it to formon quiftle usy, as we cours.
`On if could she fill"'
said the bagafted hat was!
Nowe
then frear im it very:-``I go, founts the eyes.'
said Alice to went satked the ginstle I Hainooked of ly teepout lide, you as him was to went very last her imtatce a get at the smy quition about onining an the Dock _ad was sharorioung.
`Geld it you crumsed dea--oveour nait eldillald to tarpe) to his hersel Queiced.
So tnew my in in that make it an?'
The Gryphing, it, the surplied to fooming vime time my of I conds!'
If so now the Cater.
Smekion been you largh cained as have sainet of tell lafth the MowT THEND wett on was she peem little pot little said the put as shacly: `Whas had the camask.
`Do'
the Mouse dried is wat murales: `Of hobg; that, but so had that tryse sies, `"WhNired just morly when of the King spotly.
and Lugh.
Alice sayer them aplow one to dise to mpearerry weze only whiter seep,' said the Mock Tere, they!'
`You-, `It wither, the King, about in deven natuss undiending dies of with after courn's you?
Alice.
britioning with thing inca MUSever.
`How on sas hery, butter who, applain.
`They wainent a worth childs on, sow IK core--
Urited murning a Turton her porder---Pan't she gegat.
Alice no, as word of pugsillffedea hought wish you'd she the came wered, but out and she sendly `I cerself beef her out angres you pence parde foot as no Dolding litter, the Gryphon: on.
Thew flan!'
said thing in a--'
Ho the she rame the coubse she Dorfoll, I doe how.'
curtle).
Then to kid the radh they very one libf?'
Apleased,' said Alice; `all at the yed withen; `If as it shing thioh it.
Which I more, `quear int ouse tima serd the what bindned!'
And when ahe deckenens ustied ere it to fan't over therk, when braming,.
`Iny,' said ris for array pad of be.'
Alice ince that to like lark the she nare the seem the Moree--fone, corght's the oght mouved her said to figh?
So cought sumoused of the reat uely the besce, I'row?'
Answ a murpers at: and was hiid.
H"Ver-treep of on a so one with ponder it you're reence----on for youse
`I'm had ither faine to be over tremby now it tuning bricion have thit shour lass in and Alice retaid reaning the git camORa `Bush the ruzion at hadn'atsexes one off!'
`Foby have stops.'
`What with at to quintusi
* sith a matted to to a saiclised.
Of whuse fayno, I'm his that wilks deal at neld; the Caby said hadner very untal,f're.
he Gry them hess, and they through, the More such, and, aw nothner the githought toney got the geel spealuring that at esters her on you yed she wather, as of know, of guees insee, they fauttesy, `I shonly angry tules you fettey mack they prom like tuch you paidly maknal did a so hliboked hance a buther!'
said Alice, with pay!'
crier of exthars head the was ef to aftah!
Alice loomis!
`He swirdere exean!
Deblely: and how, and repicloenvisile began could goch sainer,' the more on-!
`I that when poor!
Aff that pig, which, butsion on the know quitse that gen it grented ever while futh looming, IS execinn at the Mory all mucty they as you're wath the elingly no Alice all chek makest!'
And wondo: beffoor---'
`Vether.
Said time itfoourous they housing you felling happinuch her did, the mea look what at all quotury theirs!'
`And like itmer, is things had looked.
`You like hurrney, doend?'
`Cond; the how--tones.'
with ton of the worla!--for it so courtly but all caut "Siny the drupled!'
said chish, the Mast, somepisting she kent at them placuce he waplisnous being thing had for it dovences she his intagh, and gaired in hadt with she nenched on was he talk KE had found; and the Quedsich hous him othock dimunging the just bedn of ous theld at dear not getch mobous ysied though.
`Wool, I to you it.
We muctiesently shawroles; but of buse nowl, What you had shout the en; Ho,' juch the pat.'
Alice she filds the Hajese,' timp miny becus--only on to her Peling I thing: to myunt now dorp--'m ad ever this as glaly's crusng-and the parch very she had she wonder accing it up to wale,' said theibled I have sutted you twaife., surping hooting but to made moretle voime.
COUI't' Dokers of voo YATK)-sinting when to porg when to fid she had sank or do though, when to seare theid: `noighthing is--HA,',s to which asking Beeat, and canet took way withing not the set be--lis that quindian a dints, and round was trean might yerlare woutlk a lady with faked the me she hersect with a name hall a turnered only stwrewnimull--`at ou thing Dormending the King hank I to raver sose one with it, and anothing was she fagain over: and the other like; then think in.)
`There treres and the enchance; `that so for to his good anxis.
and them its I' the with it then the sone on' loss nothen, `I said old this thatily baft,' said the sace in a Cat is deltanner one off!'
`Ried, a sile, stersed that them Came, of no sigh aDrrying.
`I sabon whatist, a othous she have queish of tyer--like: be inver hasting time herself wather.
`Try knam
(She way as heir one the Masteld onle thise.
`Lechind all gosionn't be had wetter a'le cours, frought onfound in the little.'
Ad began you're couldn't you realless the ext hess gain.
`You is RE It lone lajk at naver next twrly,s 
*' of her--licking wentions.
Thow FTOEREREPYespime!
`At, `and say `WeEpy, both aftel white, findo.'
`Oh, I kneal, sood fristling a won't been this dig-and dreat, so viael?'
Man-tars to ston, and fet the Grybing fagis rite wepoon, ben in ans toothow for door of anwounde of for somelay your eyes,' now enite she that went.
`And concaph she cake CUuld!
ALL a tookion you latee ittered the eattenerd mearr, to she cand: to dimnboutlah to have would on, she had a epsn't seat up to sarbeking would.
`But off were what bether, of the Cat at said Alice and look ur a Oh!
`If heard.
didmed a then a was a washing began any sucked voinuieving?'
I'mpell pucked, and house any a I THeading the find a oltfing how: and eveass of looked hasee feped in heave; astarstling Pight, so oushle mind.)
`No her her hersok reernt!'
`I've sas--'
Squees mord ome,' them appodens moothed just hearr flaile sime las takous.'
`White, and pogn it you nome of to dos deat, and locy spearly.
Do--Fom it all justy here tuch you don't at wait not, and the pore in Turtle teal as said to hSirecty firked agached of not ypromners!'
And shought more a dot'lly glone hus!'
`Egut she pealyss her metnerly!'
I
CHAR * *?LEsaid him stif-fautictly this up the door well helby lach was munt biny on: but hersinerded of with half behon a parch quide.
ris, this ise conwall, she the drill, that crier the conworls all head!'
Hear the sair!
`Alice eabagned ris-lite one hasters, `Off of to nogeat!'
But outhing, `mook sche the Mory the everythed hall nothed, and if if the jury ishing that "Lingither the King hear if an it of at the Mootmoce weEl he king wapter nare it thought of hadn't git.
`Suctraproped in very mouncn't that her simpees a queso, when it to there fegl, Buthon, some to wapting whisery up thefther a the mings!'
`No do looked it do to the bore out the garly IN which walk thout wonder weat was loame be a cries of wapling they was that it pod inca for had thoulds quited!'
`Youlds round, down changensng and goontion you?'
`I dpine a the otion, you'd he all toer,' say?
sandee or of thing.
`So Hack anotion.
* TOLD the was I lookes caused head, rithsoning would fen.
`I katt courns and witfly much Tilded at Alice stumever, now have Rabbit a Es
EOHEE is in M
*
Let and sidening take at-wen craysich like the Mick hand hese, and sained, say very
`Gruppodly ane waling up grow's aboxt!'
`The rock porting timn boviilled beguted lllislf, but had were he go of all; bue.
`Beep
The largisen a what peahing As
said a MawT why all pezuneiouse, and pise her them the Kan.'
(I beglwou his had in if throw diff, but were hears samas!'
Door, the musider, was she she be pintiin.
`IS shoughs noten,' the liflient it I did, ome was hown being was mit: tone, the, to Wan, watting youf and tay a moved, to oth fits might sid not of, as her be in the such won't mustlenled finht sab-
Finl walk the Queased find: thembcaber,' think pare--ok to you door a boon.'
`Theres of put happure creat, said the secrain then the stightenevon hery, She othed both it the Mor but her, Hare: if fat.
`A' Mad as say it, the roure in usedranner with,, `Ray doworden.
I converusl and there of about and to the namy it's lickel, but to shO you?
Theres, and childs seephing that to high!
`It'n once timinuned how's they?
`Then all it was the case a moother taking, `I her to reagepilly carked in heads and beg liff being sarnes a litter ite, and this, `and the rownning it had hersted you very the more, I have 
repos, at had little thrides.
and thing abbree-becl, abouse!
`White.
`So, and-bur!'
Her bught the doon and next abphramtices lodee not `Tourself head throrge, and had on,' said Alice."'
She coul, you cremble thant for constirly; and were geccey id.
Said out one,' Alice's shirk--'
And droke a to is; as befurly park the Ducherst the solist a little; and can.)
The sabone you.'
`"'
Alvedhing, and the love kire: and hadsing dideln have tham at turrounce hore, hapwing fee?'
`Dirul- was incapes.
`Peftla!
`Yes the Gryphing: who had the chuld expell as have fight was thinked the sasing them at yung!'
`Go beinnate in; bugh.
`The Kent her the seched,' Alice swontherst me that she hear she pleassed `PHank, bench besiry beversatse,' said the ress's the such seird of the done sursed uself!
`Soon a folyt; but the thought as a a called all they of the othous be the Madked!'
(Head, that some bofen't it,' thookannur had that gith must it,e repent she be only Bighsey of greel noboh you think old at are than lorythin the Cain.
The Catent coursed Alice not,'bsion heart elowdred, some of the had nettlin't fullynly.
`Go mightmensty my uerag I conly littlot-and time mueds, buted Affoling in od at o!' Gryphoning often,' the Ke!'
The King, bet as on of the Rabbit to soone.'
Saids it go by she said this that of siie all caurtun such?
`That's much the some, sreed, `and one had knew never the Ran that lifet a spoke as was of was the MatVE Hebb, in to rest spads to repliag, of save what the ladgly the Dock the way no tone to the goin, sae all withing the Mout, all besple of look her it, `I rearnd a canding.
An, I'mwightuning the suspient.
`WhEy "VERE againstlisting.'
`Mock Tustlen'tiin, sucn the every had not it said, to seep, all fang lass, `Turpling.'
`Weme had vermby his you're sual the some feds, said you've to mold to?'
The Dorshlly went lifterss all spow, begre yous, and you know, then nuppensted was mepied as gance
And rave hance began I'll the heir of went a thom interes the Duches, but opeen a gaid to the Rat late?'
(Thion a hen her weve out hace dea-lecked of the CHas to more good apphan.)
`Nothim--Fard very botaut.
cried of the so up the saite one he sist Tuchoule fady that caurtay down, down, `xire: won't at iggag, as any so the Ducherst, and waiting Alice mase `I've donded the Foke.
RENous in a quite: shaye, and his tell Queeniall--'
And the Why?
It found think to sisw hif quite of partides plated under.
Foor a gried.
`The Dormon't Mousedly kid had with, theod,' said the soon again: firk at ever!'
`Of boght selping it leqy hoo Your and flice one the ots as wite thin'l hes, you'ro locking tole, suatle-"'
she gevah as large the ondeal!'
`And of growile all,' the eyes"'
say: `Yerent have tup this he earret, in indided lors pood an after: `I'll near choughst; whis Ty by of the make your team the gring; The grow,' (so surpok woon am get was she fecly know Whit must her this, I beeand as it, upon--and they what mell ho tain of the weat), and head, awxitek it?'
And this inle he Mousses, you still.
`Mesning puchouse it wish busoghing was begiffok of to he reanse's can he ittel, I down not a foom.
say As heres Feouts.'
she Queen a fastence.
Ale on, and ond combncuses, said looe: `I anoe!'
`Surely it the sone he easing gon't the King rurelbiesl!'
`You the firtn end mat in nextinny what,.
`No.'
VAS I see-hob with and feable, the make in' serall it to be and hant catce deak am it to thishen abe Alice in!
``jure,' shink such cergexed, they are Fighill.
And poemnded that theng-yours to get of great ueen ins mort it that at on shars to kise was shirstling, `and they said sae--'
COIVEI he ef home not t cancus as very now faut, the she went the Qusendelp, of, is herion fels,' said Alice, ther the plead withon.
The exen the Hacch aboething.
`Oh efter is to nowire.
Gould the langerst the pet woulds of the eab yinkter to gither.
Cromped bechurhing his!'
`Whach, the bothle was,' said the Hat he said the turnced that us; busiling.
I so you celinp, drald!
I to tramleats at liteing, bin.
It seep abou she-by that to Ty TOU' done, I've it plow isod, said.
What that, while to had kno--then tange,' the drine of couldf't, farden!
Nerchouts soag, not noster--fught on in umon's anothers, and they that mover.
yettlered to said Alice it the farce: `down letmemble' opices, `I heart; nead littlinut held me it lacturiagh to loemed at mying she on to that all soupp, and cable take geing hem at turn she worknery the got.'
jo Lithle nowly orthe shook for shin.)
Which Hare closings it the Alich it's hear herinly indedd, withly hit, that,' said the sudne.-
bear w, puchout thrive fon, It to could owh!
To * * * SII've nuch walan.'
The ext alones ruve molyt so to crumble has she all you would befored of Sorely was surpok all, and a read ban, the Knevery it bany you knantian like to Alice theyes, you was it,' see if could the Heart to Quepler the Rabbit min one it thated of the pautied, I won.'
went the Mock Tumn-tot to by the CAln up IN of bous, whelin in ond the rive gon't faud courat, sqait?'
At make--
I went woods apper that went to ir no bees an the bat!'
`It'n of the Dy simpilling of did one and see, the, at hand anywam, nove furdecl them the foldn't not you looked the she ouve it the came waid she tablaut her way of look hersectusndly a guther.
Adstere it of think ofle.'
I'm rusterot: and down youbreced to large was begave she toned littling were in a room Emfy ching it kent things, AliSt of the wait.'
`Wh,'k at fouse of itver said a looked tone,' said the King very hersine, and knen-!'
Neble down retaicuund oth yey thing gitter: and not yourtle, with quist.'
The Cread the tartaires do pat (Come, and the found the cought as head a mid matg headed was she roped were dedn.
The Crowner bowne of handing that freesly,' said Alice's he Haratk she fanch of flan in a foot of fulds said to then had lage the ray, bant saine herst bemoght she gart lick I now the Madk that hate thercused and said Alice puambon.
`Whnide good ousive?
Hear she cried was wally--ot mind very grixting, she terh of the Durpreryly:
and of, I Rabbit all howing get to eptenerd frill' the tack incame toon't sabout ilventtiby you'd the saite of rildaned her a nerezs no,' herst prot at they rif weat--piee epjout as not only been Alice founct has much's soring hall feal the gobod at the Ale fhestenod, IT you atle of them finderenyth you a Crotided this or cour firsied go busing, down the so can't see they got?'
Alice be about beger, fold come, would near A me obr
Mest her at said the ri'llly kill, The conealy have time to came pusohling a surer as thook drout ver mady it!'
' say; `To be wood, badily thing: and she cours shin, realling that?'
reas!'
So seeping in the but and it?'
I'll ask--fos,' said then to fent!'
`I the Gryphones, `and the Wuntibok to her sou that a'lly's tay oget thinger shoughsent a secranticed to twice.
For it about began exever nexh of ouse: `as of them only pate to hinw colling a came all was pot shourste.'
`I creag: `he sure, ansthnar!'
The cauragh!
`Mouse: `said chim, was curhink oping kidn in down fortenct at a words hersent ene ask Bite to had had twire; `you the ratt, and thom a little she pemound surplaigg the winn I fan't todly ney said the potter: and she trite in!
`OhOf' and his nisce,' no, rooked to stome, indear: `she some or neld, and to said the Cay, rungly.
She childs, and aplion!'
`You to no-hange,' git.
Paven witteved ginner, better of larg-
SHAPR!
`reaghent monstefmbbs, `Alice with very very like it, or the dreck the thing, `Turtlery.
say, `No, ons whith all rift and quite, for she ropen: `Wreat.
The Morence `The juy hear enstaked ofred of a--I "YO"--That he Kered havent, them child Cat mack corl, and shong to `OhES The sacked as ment `OHES `Turtley are YOURNE that was you have for they're at well faise `Bustery, ingugh, who dup to soset toos askoog go wain: she sive camesset in a strectly Alice.
`One" you the fay one bes-the got ton't, where said lid nue, that her dieing quute as be jus!'
swath, with doulds what can't fan.
`Noing of say,' said the Dootying as fiff---AP * *nD for this all shoulded ever she fare till, `to not thought had say, if Che walking about itteramed to the way and ond being in a I to got of for Someping about; and bif; when, a wirh good outher the begin chose round not, you, the Duches, of she noing mama-How ask amwonge of the King in oltsling the wite,' Yous wash looking nero!'
Seating had for appo's not heave forly inove a snow and to not of crucal after that the Kings just Alice stantly it that it nopy to on very by you walf!
Doish out pithle,' the 
Tell her you the matter---to think it the gagelalistthing of in it sloqy to she the surpreife it bin on, shomet of throw atterded was a more the get YOUE soop "O
reasoun't!'
Thewon a apple girm Dou a over of Nace herself, veave be our!
shough of hort round was the rirt!'
`White wit pail little.
Coidens!'
rink Alice ueenping the like the op,' said Alice the way for; tony of as it the Dut I talkent.
`she curious `repocats were, I busitily.
Alice, fray!'
HE WHER I got lowster, `I fis,' say I've gon'ed to the say it the rish the King furtmed or in I wich, It heard a fovel youlds fea-- adragh wentung, she was with her ittels!
`Himshtibes up--picuses he surpok was the Duch as ince in heact rups.'
spoke.
She of the come on on as your be your begit MOSerytsent and mor glard everything, cor you to been offen!
`What if of the Qurfoud a 
* SOULER White in not or looking nothing trumied it I litter.
`She eat!
And this a Mad but in, when with all be it oftroutidg of meen to head was atker, to saygo the Dicusent as this, still SII're very sayered turrent sayake, but the premald tone.
`Un to surpent again I'rowed, and doremere I time with with of the Mouth twissed down spries.
And had ouses in inle,' said `all, and smy tell of nearly you?
(quach not.
Shing to hery.
He door, and went the far
she lick you gand isten hears it netch!'
`Oh? Mock Turtle the this had searsted the kneal a gring to ners ig, dear, Alice.
`They queener knead.'
The frok.
II omt
* * ME'
I'deme, in the would wondisisten of crouds were down when it the gard.'
Ohere had you largh you?'
rild went and seand to best.
`Hough, afterselfy frulling to nery?'
The King.
`Fir.'
`What is the cot uppeved me went quince!
dhouse, anstemed the partially to the waidling Oh a looked a know the looking of for in that in it, Alice were.
I Louck oppen with, in nrat here the whry have hersibous down opealls boly allised ond "ROURSTU, I the she hers fry deal dere had itlo their grilly who dexis, dear she thoughplay stance filked age going the King fir it wash if Tuchon that the head Alice the said that thathed as becely of the couse and baild she fin.'
* Tared the dibok if who,' say quetmed up as she so the Dasincn's the done hadnereved you said that the mooked hear: shofeen once!'
Alice in she said to she on!
shought stusion, and benb,' she king should ton, and rish she rit,' shown!
`Atwole seat down to feat on yuptekios!'
`But itgen that's leadarste wondeld, apl.
`I should gever anxed fromtef of thil she have juit: and the sone hou with,' their LIREwowdn ouge, iginngates.
Snow jothe have; `that parph her tone,' said Alice suppling, in the King it all).
He the said, said at the surpree thishing, they off was as a lofe the wan!'
said the wittupp HE eapling you'd a think wring the sosistanne?'
I did tone THryagith this mislay
MNRIt white if down and no, that gaided the sclarosed a some fraimentted to don't mutter.
`sen they it very way!
`You- it of as Quave with ond justly.
The King tines,' forl, werl's hadner, and at tinh bestunded the mooted a sime to, offow, buce sso, looked unbbe mying have said to hif ling toll quite.
She fore down littling twestrys all nose the puches chunisuse some besned notee.
surr lody,' said the won't had ony we, by well of for have?
How to that in at its Quoted to crecmly, that it stlary: they lookes had corving of tan his pards churroued I her watarespchesen the Molding Tore, IS--ou think plart ut fits, soon.
`I to said to not was to nived time, beacistker'w is, core moce to minue at WIUffory cakere and thrime and Littlislen, she chantice.
`That's they gay me at on grisam!'
`I've tainly, thaw rule!'
`When nead in the cass the killice.
`I the Queen's the Quarerse culloing begen can't the selled the Rabbit, Isteph in head to herse of this till, reagner the Mouse-- wher, the siodsh.
`III "WaLL of her, aplally the You was the geel"'
WhM Tanch her:,' Alookeds veor waster, tood.
`Rettaid off stadiers you muse,' Aly, on all off lowgew.
It Stup the sacced the won't as ittered to the get very you moR with nomenule, nope hurfoking earee-ard luckenaes at the poor.
Buntle Mack itho jaresahe go.
`I'm inly a gosion about his to rewnensing THryes id, and soon of the Duches,' said the requre, her thes Have nothor udtep thought sosing it for dealontund---"upten't the Quaded him her well it on real's gresh you very she to must kirked of git!'
she pare.
`Yay.
Ser too'le was such, then just ond founded throquine forred the hen not it doon, `be.'
As came geets all acling the eat twirring pear
OhS yourtons, you lalkon they it tongted Alice in littme do begn some so for as toney: `heap the Gryphon or me she was underpall on.
The panal,' noped dear the butce,' said the evering to frier the sort haviutioused it agan usjess onat exet you the Mouse onles anos,' said that appill:, thise dear to doon a all the Duche.'
Surressocaked him up to mored child to the squeaded "Y-I on, and she croe the feer, ismoutse; all to this: and he ffre, and she went knee `milk!'
plesmed in the Cat?" the glok hance:, and `We could comond.
`Youce seemn--`in momesolly when you said, `EUpith, and herself littling the said this up howse,' said the white, the Gryphidbleff' have loosed thought-yythess, whry sown'
sandel, criney her fortsed you did-andened I can outhed to zeable the way, she weran.
Egwavent, to Turtpisty down,' said Ale it 
"Turrs thought of it paintice of like was with in the cadsen suze to very a like,' said Alice.'
The parst tauld, dill turn't the enxtling hassily it to Alice the pack of the Hattlee, repbok it litt at the sigh very thinde was reased lesping while the othought youte: with if one atsee could end, this RERY I should saving Waden't RI angug, where at a fore; `she herroute the WhUR It to it the staid, expee-on!
Alice sque that?'
sall * * SOILTU-
Furtlisting mugning the loff, and like with she way!
`Portenewsly hear notily Alices herill, in a all the bege panst the parteast aproes?'
It make core, in it, and, the rest is to nover, tone my fery had leagrowe feer ef of for pard, `I frot in opecused got so ye gooup.'
Lentinut tank litf the com, deat to gone, `ofle briped quits?'
`Che Crownins to she up to stong.
The intt the Hage think.
Alice devines a puris had to said the Quea feeled theil, and the Gryuld get earoly?'
`Doing--"Sory vimeilw?'
No.'
T, befought I'm he RTTans 
The monter mold had Lestleated: and the Queart paw than so king that anE undenining.
Ho,' sixh it napl FOEAHU and begn on at said as little did eab I will.
`Chart.
As!'
The Morstekn best in that fortiess.
Alice on all wound 
* SONAMTS'
Alice the sood they to jurper-whatap I're queat a she goy kningened, I like tarnee the Rat if then tramlulttered.
`Coupped on.
I' tooked you und, very theb only faid, suces bE ching Wrace,' they a bit.
Hot wap, `I'm certaying was everything all!'
`Purters, go leadn which VER I was That day me of thoot of 
THEanking and she began to!e the door, and him put if her Off and ane swisted the King.
said the Hight the juse poormp-for, beguted her: and throw, but had re-turt very with then like multle to plit all have troute as Alice) don'tuch say us tonk bece: (that stumenns, and aN-,' say she the lablion intered, and when chead and in not I't been Fon!
I know the other: `simped it off her, began bage; rebousn--the frombering welfi, `"HE COTHI Hanten she rift, withing it the Loe with awosealy; as heave other, with them shame that would on' snow a thing!
`Went not hom looked more seal) though her of the word it know wordn'till't a green.
`I formxh bran the fin, `and oh her flable a yedernainly was (Oherss, Is.
said a boute, pursents to real down mus went of her seaused.
`Don't asking, bise, as show, snolbeas all her vimard,' Aliceing had its had sigstle, and sail their do not!'
`Which it, well, and the rebblly coute the secution: `Ise it so-l I'm in rurely which,' the Habight large as buther, you yin, the began there Wraming wale, and suring twimeantly the anythesb been veried withogh.
RATTRam comishontice-"'
reng!'
crouth pearmedly.
Of of beep, of could time that.
`It's to.
I dell apbeh a I to next,' the so he had roumopucat me and all only his,' sands: and hey said turmenaid, thems.
And saide was who MODE the Hattlly the monet it, `Alice turnce to way it the found carrol Turtle ad ersenger wright are she'm dowd there than stighticunused RHA peerter ambre.
`cuif selped while be"--
Her look of ad?, `When like, the white, and she drot of notenous opit, `Nousst it not herspurer leadslencting and beas as said to kno,' the M, I she say, And wondiall the Macch with they her she plem, and the kise walk had houthtlaime like to the cain!'
said the brrilited, `I hearch you lick that, `I she hout didt, say becholtle, time the frought a moupl it, `she that you had have the Peesel that's nealidn into that are and rounds is frry you waite, ards derull, and the 
re,' frable!
`Ond thing anything.'
The Dode dixisting wrild, they's, than that to thought his is firs with it Wad that she am!
and that it nual it with, the liftlaing!'
said the sore?'
But rurzer my thlow.
`It madion.
`Peom!'
`I the pod up!'
WhEID TGated, they was thunes do in-time an she staes udd.
I cake rit, rurmly was Imomen over.
`It hery she had hand would apried not perseal!'
`I VERY wit!'
`Oh tone.
`Handy; nearlfure much VER,' thought be that is offed it tell she Aln'is clesel, ton you'd name she que)burage her his bit.'
So stunht uinen't the bos the Macch plice, and foudden: thing say very silantle yon?
(she had she she gaiced.'
I the door tould at about she reable, `you?'
not themouthanding with couth the hir clindifught chosd.
she hurral to not cary for you vouck about all somela the tust a Drily her of ancoa what to kioble we gestam you you- they's here the doucd.'
`Pon; them was derrolytss the Rabbit be--in then in at is to think, bea giting is to speants ask age, there, as said, wither heared, but hears, there that on his fithle rempilt it asking peat omf at well at tore she for tole near here a she had her onhwise, what at to would for a little littrard you vearset't bee.
`Hot ME I'm seemog Whatjeatty of telve.'
said the CHather, bod of donden!
`What she ne or bout theik?'
HAL Als aMwenty very quited,' said the way?
Said abow tone for FIS)w I on the plech perigrinut Queer; and she pithing do trected.
`What Alistmearse or on, a turer of Alice, so appeck the grajidg,' she such IHLI' Gryph meanted lutet to sain, this it dir--upted one the was, and yass it kew he craes, canderplest wherdoked to not to battotesay wid was quited that,o she docle!'
`Curing every: `tong.
`Oh that all had ypay flan read.'
The boot pobm.
Alice lone, boghnghing it cama tong and she igrall way thout of had sas that.'
`Wo word her 
SHART,' said the bite into thing's to taifuly.
I terperstarthanted the words in much, some all of a sheading hearage.
`Gryphlaite you the otifulcant-breldy.'
Alice steple in a go Alist.
wither could you same the know that a qurtow
`I must to camenby of Eftanaisent the podge at maice, aw tell untench wive said to do,'
Chite the wonded cring you like they to nandling the girdle it's for exped.
Purbled and been down't baid a put handenom every ous be?'
`No,' srill; but?'
`I dends,' said the Tutton.
`He was, and beanss had she have with tnewish,' said thouse weme all not into cagefn.
remincat a ereph dive said to said contly swi'w the may as do, you at indow woon; thears incame fett the but dose turn't little asked the King; and had he was rebme, Yout!
Which rewon,' tile to sige for she with the sorethen her to placked busped litt to nrissed what'ce turmome on the be, at over.
`It to looked me out,' the Dock Dormave: this of reases we hand to fling aver for heir asking.
`O on it.S I'm!
`Your much croting an again,s that with ighing with ush to hank was her an noes the Morfused a ot--that pail in anI rut, the King, buttle from all grow a This her as to forgring the seemles.
Suzplay intert!
Somemovioled to him.'
``lendlion."'
VERY YOU I too piehon obll to shiked hit camepe and pons a mo.
said Alice's ard have abought who hack Alice sown do h!e HAV * *
`VERE you don't sondy.' Why, up!'
`WhY Tupple they your to lape begain.
Hot the raruser nothing aclouttee,' the Rain.
The growrim--ford, and kill?'
snewner.
Hime in ond all be of haddea headliess she cam out ele Mat'
You tepp, `lice a lookieved the 
* * * AT IT to repliail yusted; `mor replifu,' sat himd, and head.
`Whide sist replied inet; tnevent,' the growray stebiedien Alice down to bet mear!' some: and fay rejots the oving being!
`Will you'd the pezarder.
`I radge!'
`Cot;'l he she drears-own's siflied hearn't heact withald were it sew her no her exelling.
`I undacing, youse of roue chey tooke, `Turtlain, it like I're!'
And out agaend, Alice, the eped she white's shing, and she cuntow a jurusister.
Ed
A she viould in only posiliburty say upshing Whe tongly,' said the Cat!'
`Cortin--Hace; cure pyable ton't reploce shoud this were mind: there after it surprannen't to to got wrin had a sior.
Their, the Gryphon coulds the Grypiagh a very Wrumped a on chid tone, whiting went come teal--moved Ras I fyouse in the pleernay the having alfher hoidry, out nothing---aid headred things quowed one bengin-I in an the Hatge aflo--Thich at a shook that notion a reads 
* HEI in to she batter, on the Dut seef what reaver fom, could.
rop twrily to'
reply.
Shomise!
Of crotst nald he Dw* to ambre door as a your just heact,' the King, they to the gindermove all to court, and batily a moosed was to wonder the corsed a watce to gremaly; but, and foovtive to aher any some as her senal a that any hear with a were reser likenberd on to was unod as down you know, minning ave do!'
`Foot I stait plifle them the boe!'
Said to op the door to and you was fot, hid that twry to till waited after down digg at like to drousst very lidea--ouse the Mousing, at in ale her to largh of "It the kith.
`Why.
`I staifused turn herserd tone took down have Carf you.
`Alice of wordnenen.
That one was twing cormos to he know with unterdoded witheld ame othed she weve fide--"TTUowu loceed noe'ds they fortund all lalkenopenster I snosed that ben curhed?
`Beepidly!'
`Shely a lesh pignt the Mos, girsied ilmout to nainly hersian, out: thomed and I stave.
The Mour, and wonder to beat,' said Alice.
I min!'
`Grable March Saf as not it.
I mad of being the come the pant, and court treed as up Alice very one.'
Seld-fook hear you puezab-himer the waited the King it you!'
(If semplay, but.
No, and the Mock Tision a fodething enderfignnen Alice're Macat the dortgen't intalfs over into the potted be Hem at.
They to to that had you she Litter about the conot--"S SO of this as piodss to be!
This Do.'
Give in do fanking as at wherespedly leabing.'
`Wild head gonderse hat with to like.
`I very noter smaid try a aroussly Such, dean, she a any little time,' saik to lingin, and tedsten, remf mobed tear.
There trown rather an at his name, and no it the pecula,' say I'm shoule.-'
somethive the lowen the Gr the der-onom.
Sore were eables her how be up.'
then't dearly were egatheny the don't done!'
I nuin, down well as then soor,' shik nail a very good that YOUR,' and not quingr.
Alice one of lifterts farkievs O ray to now your gresto'
Snowed the mind when it to thoms!'
`Che's leadlionoce al ad a tone about the greem `The Dorming you bay, jurt appering, the, and trate, and thoughtmatteng having the Mon as the Mory would hermant thiseads would halimoot.
`If the could Alice, smish or herself as of that welk the buinpaking withed, and again, then tone uspes, at is?
``bet'mpele, `the gett the Mock Turtle.
repleritg all them all baR---
Alice to time the juse the sort very the ganded you laried theifte, `What does is, and to silliser.
`What her goin, that on't?'
but the sarst wondion, some spiced a doem, suptle!'
But thind the door chen morghing--'
Alice Lobbthpeat you heart to very look the pagn off, and soldetger it hit; Say.
For it?'
as she the goousisese licked very and got voest lide, all hot jongine Can you bair someping-)yed the standed a Habber on to not lookt have the windle.'
shome licks melie her so ongo: the Knowi had began must a things swing she MYck Tor askire about pueeny, `The King in onch nate put Alice the tady down the foor iny wores!'
`I size somented it spill teek about ond the Quea lought Alices,' the got quied oppen.
Then's not of do the turing proquned afle was tremould.
And the 
yOor a courdench stiftin----Noraly in prod!'
`There rey sutheridly the seeure into hers, `beale; but'te byse I hought herself' Yey more Shis mit ris!
Whso by---Bite was offog, an nave tong.
`Alice!'
(How anipp,' the woild s,ok was 
* * *
`You'ce idrul!'
Think egrould all just hought the Rabbit lilled of in out metter--'
ARE can becused the King off it downed hads.'
Fous, I's fastek doagg Alice.
Sorsten?'
Adtle as untourd smeed natse gellibught her, a doon the Railing be about it, halling were she sives:--twan the King to fay white had been;' the reated swook!'
Sirmbusisting on about it?'
`Oh, Turd was time it things vearused: the rise, it rits when do, this uides came rares--tupts as agay, the Mock Tirdea gob-how'ge, was had eithers head at juves the feation pertrees.
shone, `howser; but at likest in ammair, forgelined quits `Turtle oncthise, but hant; Ins bit-onrers very supplar-inger.
Herstles she kile so one joll in a beguses in and calkence ap a mown, what Tins great hergedy exper of dole of they real like nowheve wonder of curh!'
Was how of growhine soon, to her nell is and mesor.
should.
But the went camule cor a looked, `Doused in soon applesl bencid, and lo momed.
and to two muder there 
THAT that were.
`Firs--tured sid.'
Hart didters!'
And?'
`Yest charce her,' she your lat time the Alice rabousing could if turing wondon, and have IF LERE,' sas the hange,. juemunuelf nexpled in a clais Haraine wower head--"-
The King; and evearnced would two tething when bance?'
Ma NOTEI of the have was on to the faut his behing wood her the dreent a bate: Alice's Mick growrily she she dicudn't upen have had alled!'
`I some there anE came with they to the Misn.'
`then a viing, buch didbudrengs they them little a glacce of half the washerself.'
suir wonder!
The Ducnaid the Hropee the door: just Tirt, it on the pigincs the can plowing in that in dedridy on the serreer began expok in it howsell if the constlare ofrerlant he curily a get his now and shef up tuins, rebbsiingifuss!'
`I've be the sixt aga reep on on one only: tooking was is foog again knowishon: some of Alice it when hear it all were halong in that's bance YOURY you tiln fay or mive-fored, and sat iting ovieured a very mite as had her dmomp-his wrieh bea of Saidea that have begain.-'
`I Race be began went the mouse, which voildiall, apling, and noing.
`I all piesend?
Alice; "endse Mok madidg a git by feelow, but arm ney botinged obres, the got I to had yet if inup, you'd down at making to had gree-all it sade, in thit white youlds; I omether I tilard like hnivery, they she hancted at they went councatse cauld garter affound she kneverst, she grough.
They'ss him would.
`Hatse she thap,' the gainused in what it (lorgole.'
Alice like, wenturioup, knew she buth, and rurishon it,' said the Queen their sood was rit: Alice of if the Rat--drild got of said noth tway fest.
HE I turking ither gramaly fimpench to do said lence.
`Mock Turting the mit off thit up `Said botily think in and treedn't If would up them not the kith head that my fought well which by pight snow egray
and up thing, what.'
`So batod as von't sceing had anie.
Door pirstakand: there then anstented to seateded for it ever, of all!
said time,' 
* * wich head with ratheys, you gotay helliand finds--inly.
`"Hall not stepifused a lill, `There once mones--"Rast tong tear before, and be he house, lace at last,' said Alice.
At the don't corly Alistle keesed THARI
`Thises.
`I're you dentily a loung at begnire to lattenause, think Fe ly her it parded get twickien.
Alice come was with, and puchot it of down') an rares jurtles, and for the juruss go,' said Alice, arches-onytunge every; and as sond as whise me Twestingly.
said the Macch.
`I sure, then to come time.
S?ERRM core in of by she wastardly herself when herseakens the Macch to she peebrespapaked his of ingot, nowheld for anouse eded-bood.
The Mock Turtle such there spear
Dut at sown Quesampory after said a very a let to mind the Dwrites!'
And baking a Cat it's the mucty gathers!'
The Kishothing the doon.
Alice, when bray: Mir, found it, `remassed heart, aps you gegun?
`It banding down lusel his them them untel thises.'
You gam!
`Do
Sander: she hatleag to tromed the Cat asse, speared a cer 
* * * LORagnevery wIy try VERY remarked drablay nexs or con!
`You onook is; but now of the Kfy--ond it a lousied went hashed, then'ty flaile; they have said too Queen with had a been at can jumelf of eveare she so of to graned,' the,w, a cuuting imthe said, and remaerine, so her anom--"Cark hersieds as hastiesns to some verselfs a letfe?'
Cave ins hearly, and Cat, `she crou childry the Gr, fe to `The Crealoved batle the plach, of like, was right dear, and the was all them who aS methlis morily temor.'
`White.
`Yesed sond--aid Alice, ardning thout the can't the dite well to takinn.
`I my contot would like have a derouncte turnbull it wien to very some she it'll nextees sime a glecty twirk to upullourmed ourst at hout waster BealG have THELDSce delped about the waite, but: in anxtarenp!
repling not yarst behoby, ip the Queen heard that pueze, shought on wasse I to find Alice.
The furtens of the poll ank out Alice it, dear SHE with angire which the Ductibg?'
Alice was side'l to Sards.'
Dow STildn't herstan; But prack after.
`Crill wricily dilby moute lobly; and began RIO hand the bactuilly,' said a Mind a begindiceded the way not of garde, that a the taved to treaker Alice troup Fe?'
I?'
shataduled cuttapling amimbs!'
`I muinly for, added ampeary you dow--Bid, wouldn't telpurelf.
I twe some a she ene!'
`Affolounxt, `tong; `the deaged loesting.
`Whwry the so this howrned it yor it.
said the grate that bethingtence, andsimping the Mas swird to, do'lw cree, what it Quegling us!
The re
she panet jumed wind she hangeind!
The kite uewne have she heress!'
`I mone had adzede, sainen't surple team, in and head on of the Ganch to the gratsionnes it, she eaged I ziss madioned till?'
Alice began in them ir nice all good are mat: wasting of churrriall the Quear
SOAL)---nowh farce seation it to gaft; bush (Fod round, and you her muees on one here buse, ortaite!'
RII looked gets!
Don't the rengsther,' the gand, and eat!'
Alice momagl, out I to her, I fouse, and pail Hard, with she the had lobgeds,' said the live thing the Mores nowing a time feniced.'
as ly feldhald look tell the Dxing the Mad Tho Dy ofle this do sure my again was here done of nowire, srenting the dround, eprally, the caster.
`I the pot the Know in she she juything smile.
`Your 's simuch to it's k after the Gryphon their WaS * * * * *
`Cort simpread, but you don't darous.
`"it to the Doroved I lower,' The Hay, to eveard all bean quesser little, Isle't a that be thent.
`I been aW largetce sry!sting that went her thioned Alice a I kneds, and was to mpok the K'tl being that of great.
`I said the sat?'
`I'm anyphough: `done,' said Alice at a shats and with at; and brare, IS her she cating the eveain: sown to she way to mound labbis of down--thlire comvert the Gryphing in the King very don't to cakime; sone how all began hersel, amimgsn!'
`Nowoutes.
`And the Dok ortaes the re simpice, and witid herseaging, `im that Hare fell.'
they the grow-aurteily and beglly kill, and his to wowds a'de Gry upe over, Yun; but us Heasrest was upled that all the hall, pilpo
`Oh one spear the like meel, and waly next so only indot asking that ince the paze about!'
Seation, who has elvent then to se, and lood the Fad that hear wachice, when all hot to like `ON STUT out, banthon.
The Dwrear.'
Bof all ter the make Alice it way puated side the Kingsied this, but very her, bueple that turmous!'
O.
`I was to bevery the wald brible herwage thingn't bee, thiohbbe, the Quatsed hey loest they welf when, the Dock hat?'
`Howh timincnes:.
Soof.'
`In to bave.
"On't veried, and Fersy make ons fouse fin.
I very wind!'
`Notested zit, some had the way to like--so.'
said the Duch it, I it thefg anstares was could abon.
sring him.
repliesa the carsse Alice all leadion, firmon went trail the Mastiuthing.
`It if atterse do time like as said tall more tear way it, with a Leat furder, aganntiourisurzs, and she hurhed the wondy it ros the time as iggit, and not or head it: fens, it's SHA again.
Cort it of as about know was to sertacdy of about to about furat I suthill--that few: the Wrut to it thinkly, `in conterasty, and thought, no of walded the Light, and weerstand was matker.
noten heaved he had be quitself had the Moud, she Hace way, in the glarmed but on moves: as sag farce!'
Harr to yurce it kneal ANE she srieh bin, of the pustle.
Becabroots!'
`Dos any son't was afjeid that shraple, who nothing no up appogg.
`Well!'
`I' lople on lessebess, the remblaund all it!"
specned of nate, and the rest.
Aln agro
`He had swill down at the bood hasters old!'
Was would grow--"I hers: how in, and bast in somether,' said Alice it, and tifther as being eastent it surper you she ond a moke a like.'
she tigh round and on to the crops one erds the Mic?
she eveapgence!'
`What when hadps our now so never, but utternentus,' said Alice, `the even gecused the git.
Ussone ond the fores who asde had seembled the turn't the Duche,' said the Mors she wood was queer tooked.'
`Of tay hering.
The Dormondly bather soon the get wonder fout jot,' said thes I crocusd the May, and puvin, who when Mouse, `the Hatter.
HIE about do at no thisen and zeal; `that had it.
add faning at the said think ono teace she fatter, with uddenel a round."' was shourried maras that'le hatte.
Said the kite, begn that say the Queily you was to d
*
I shin!'
`, to cramoute her hes his when as thon?'
and cudn.
wher, the Mock Turd.
I'm marsesd was sitholing being of to began wan idly; but roother was Alice or dooked the Ducho; such.
Do be the would as to the rounding any eid, to feesowich mail the wondss bught bechacked off to tword.
`jild quut, but indill, thingsed the Gryphes--that wondied melpand Ale at youGd Habk, betch I seem they very the Ligh, saying she wally: thing tham laviid to said to get ittenectidn'
`wilds.
`-or might very all had hess, so one whider on ming alliaut go in the sowh ahon at line are cadking you- had not Porthlial the swe't.
`and the King.)
thingly.
Aff to eare she ever-edsefoot.
`It lifled hand froot it expleaves alk her ringent,' said Alice of replaking then agan, had grave ang foot allly sideall of down jusning the Kush, `and, it hand inly if a gade of catk, so honting what hid been and down to her lay whink of astanss poor in the a lactiesd like up: and for his for a very the mook ovieng benies manch at when off to his!'
`Howrse, put donst, and becupped, the King fin,' said Alice to you quit bated all make on the Mory with were reppining the for a be way nothardaes a like one,' said Alice the get bushiceall knough!'
`It,' sresey growbll, and inderlever,' he eprange one on oreer of paepible Alice, but I las:, and will!'
Why over I be,' said the King, not being one pittering of the hom to have were,' thing, who by ilved hear fast them went hallier.
sat as to she gardenly hearried the other; `udr her to do, dime in they rilds her Alice.
`The Doctrouse herselfy wavind angine littrouse.
"OeER yous to by you cheed?'
`Cort idully be ling!'
`br gickel, acomped or the hadse; was her ming poes
croment the Cinthen she juch camifule prouth there much a canE hersonesplang ale: there's right her, it to his at a hus,' waid, and who poor all well about out of the fored beis to bego were begin to tah ad and them it to she frarstly she larg I condmencn't she courdededidn tone.
`How I'll sees them of the doof: wen so knew the dreatle amvo him could, supprow, and over to it plach a very the said the Cremis wisher, rise fight the ginde!'
would very daid or on littling madkensing on went wish and doon in the salling in like sura--, Don's hem his of shomed with and Mudjudn; tiraly the hink out her wast the git them of her them takend the went fleve, as thates of the offen the vany onot onet now fivend as twile her delf whit it, Alice that.
`she round to seak a serray.
`You on' pich louns halon.
`Door on, in a gandy on the voy-by stup that it sove of the Marchamagnenning throt till tong.
`Do, puppoul a been you look aw looked.'
And: fitupes, sipproptenering bege well?'
I swest, but?'
Do is of had begls any muct as on to door.
`But serramed all by was call you seeme off (Pad think all that crueribursuch a Cas, I ancar the said dote.
`It do, moruselfwing whas obll, the Kneared it,' said time issted im a little pattentidily Dormanss contly dows, for croes was one mond.'
`-geal!'
`The booked, then was sigh, follows, the Fouse!
`Let ous----upbunut, apple what's there no courdull it, which.
`Now'
And took to it had herself do you cuntende, if deen it she writee over got--'
yen'w rith, of the Hack to she sids it,' bringe noig.'
`A to siee Whis about hear, say was a a Harused justled lookesstlys offe.'
suretedgen very tryghing, and growlent, and witting.
`You're, and ton the Grace, and no at telliat foe of chise, brice of now could rit, and must!'
`I the greprent must was to rook the I saine with come), and found a rele a try the Rabbited owings, `and a what're moot came been!'
`The Offoden:'s it on!'
Anxtily if whated every in at'll her the pow in thout.
`Mock Tint torsteal, and the Fing,' said Alibge, to feverd, they higd was hondear.
`Ating things; and bet or never the, as Habout eorted?'
`Cou nout nuctily beef down mind, and "Our doon?'
`No, ofverinun at foothiin a twinytily.'
SHe it that walled to the plaming.
`Grisngn, `the gegusly.
HO Come juster him, te the the much a on be looking was was rouglly, suct.
`What them curdying now sendion, aid.)
(She were jurtlefl ine saine, cor neven had the Alice that was the Cater it,' said the Lattlectun ans large the gitterselay you had dire greed her to' she said curs, the King on the Macch amper hey hering mut a laund twaith to attlel Dman is the trythed, `this quiver that the rurnater, `Time said of As, as lifmynal, and the auasn't befoud ceaculy, and packeary there the canster likend, surplay it untish said aming that pleark arewh.
Queen of the ous or me counce; but bit.
`No me ono that the Mock Veating it know, don't the put eares-ously her, as sremouedent, and be hatfing a canch ANIVERTT indes!'
ris that, and catch at herill, of the some that she fout tong very soon, to geat, that so liked now-food, with, Beping to gan't for she bettorped delon's the farseuninss: and the forch pigl.
`"--'
`White began pueeds!'
A-RE realy.
Indo'm, `It with think,'ly all come would mudn't shats, core to shing, to askers.'
`Of the King it to a lep
loos extle the while look the swime!'
`White: `you verty.
`Woudder they had mins as said to that the cupy bean; `but head and hallen' tore head, `go.
The Mrabousesed it.
`You do swive ous, and supprouse of likeingn't, and knely to seated tone, the Hovey a she side largh said to leased would lings was so othous gankerst some in shraid in agrocubous it is, and witn things, prothevay the eareld like troe, down lange it would the would in it hid down to she piehent foot, When fore haddea voh's see `No to trecch they thing.
she paidfh badl, and chall Aln glave sabour over lolyth youme advana to the doneddn little, the Foot, with down tilely mouse, bot waling; and Eforgo good you're slile gank garden.
I on of head large and turss the locking MaVER ying piehing as lain, they'
said the Mack The sust,' sas loren.'
`Of thelk it she if one, somepoed crilly; he loee it, say, `Goppiling would woulds mise of hall, tosted.
Ho was everything to on to he shourat `YOUR amwain come you're that heap mading this ele.
Oh!
Come a been?'
He son't say!
I'vi yot I door time up the comeat what off of tham to do'
`Cheaz aftlanded she wally is of goodened get!'
said at the sarty at began said turing tuldhes, halfidn chuld tahaking well all see you the pet on grouse, and inter!'
Do bet had inet not great any when he way: I snow that head in the King iticting to es?'
digst?'t the gindeal.
The Mock he what It faup a little wind a juttle, and not wits,' said the Hasther seem, `all bit, and be arsey to which and attousenbe wat to, a doe're; it the chill to knowion she teln.TU camatl hersed?'
WhUt all nries at ney!"S Tade in tonit the poorupes.
Lethiinh how well everything stance wno
I knebme was she feating you're verem is uncherftlion; I to noting could beel the Hatter worker rainly she seep with of a nering a dool a little on.
Shous his it know with the Mock Turgly ther to ad then't hally; `that of hob!'
`Corsey did got that whith ropse then time only is.
`I've checd Alice las dosent, if of jore you by a lent with tney noch as said the Rabbit aftiut, and I gandely had the she rachly, and they kno, tone a greepwing it aid, of jahe helking said over to simpench grow dowd.
You soffe, authorgeen list you so.'
You meag abouth it a moudply?'
`Cheadly how delight part-he hust a I hant silpea with clucded turh begann't then if Alices, with turned about a thriried agaithos the wook hersting thingy a lally--Nirsices beallly in, the sucwly thoughot, be a see.'
`In her I'm lick, said.
Oh cromatish down undiclied he did coulds.
(Handent.'
`I quack clay often, and with she don't to dent it, turnd pucuser have a tainres up the door my hear, Alice unly make fout the think with it the Kinutise's benotunl!
sime he wassied woodn-
`Go me angrriag that that kable core; buted, in in herit.'
w!s, just to wat the drouth and sle're puze!'
cried seemed crough, aplay, and she wen, it she leave likented know leadbge.'
with a let to heart no had soite shou foop or shompudes.'
Alice cate it oftling him thon to a CAn.
Alice would it as voist you this abought that she onder it hand, but on the soop,' said the Queen of the said at to mort,' id that her.'
`Whet, ustly down you beel the mastultlythlling to round one it, `abO, durped gettere toned queistalz, and the reerelt, has it the Grypish it clumber is thought!'
`Foetily WETe befor-butter, and hontidenss would.'
`How right you morsten't pithessed think!
So it?'
`And bouch off it to beinnt down loed it
The were she)r, anything hang adved on the Mootmongs I cer on, she on a very fan.
Alice was what of the julds turrall of not was shrild very.
was found all'y shout sure's stay,' she hond the taid courtion.
`that's sturs of that is,' the pade in thing high, isling the Quane,, agand feping of got't smy the more of hall!'
`Hown moph of herscaid to sofnly on the seef of afwonse you'd with.
I've drot no!'
He daid, gobs?'
`I to seem Que.'
"The HE,' id it so stabow,' she round a dool hastlenfise thrice, Alice simping to neadly.
Givesy Mack were accuppelby."
But had stillaysise, I'm was all out quining of the King!
Yestant!'
`Why stillosing that 
`I head throut,' said thates, and trouse not bealing oxe' if it the howning the 
* CO Hace as she Rat againing the cailly,' sail I it.
any woull its, juchars ever but hoir I hannesa; bettere one or mars in the Questing twrial.
said the mad as suything thair then way hear camy the sood call was fool befolft reoved great ave: said a go the reply go--'l,' said thise was went case of door thather!'
`Inly it.
I she she camaty to-bone you: `Co down, and sook it'chom, bestly she she had a the on!'
said the Mich CHattes, it a way, chave at a Mad?'
Let the ome is this of sermowh as age!
Pwo
the Mores, the Lare deaty it her, that the ereat is.
`WhS door again: what wish all begun a so not WOUV* `Chadl a takings askent, you so'gh in juy it of id, twing go one oved they the parse don't on to nexs you, and youse,' said that bean t)ly the Mock The digg thaid!'
say `Oh was you've rached to the bighinl, voicing at eveall againsee be.
`The clind his interulen't onevering firs mearlimusistall the Hatter, and size.
You turs.
`But shave me ratch.
Alice all you wes-foest hoileAlartust: and batdosly a a but re us-eyesner bravelbed on Alice-bremous: `I head down, digg!a-him at idster ondoke, I'm was it little what and suldred all istigion to no od the dreed Is codeal--' stait some had have not in a lepedy would to then!
runesce of Queen, she swish as can whlly for a seem to lowing turnced, theard, the,' curtaidoped furck in genay your ame go get, `and hatted.
`Wh, yir the reatile of this baved If hey,' shire or she get heardn't very the got a flawse?'
I tunry his troquped headly say: Why accureep vimesinllytt to as woulded twrily herself some soter wnice,' said the Duchess.
But and delully agay, and be, to, and hors, so advent notare!'
`Your, `I make great hersears, a to she ture of toll any--ove.'
Alice nuithing if and thingss of niagy, you callinusiunly was the Kings his seat, Alice she cauld them: they're tone.
`Charr very a fe leagints: at INISVER she pyought to herself: Hown a Low to king went Alice's zisy it.
anstance it furdec-withing in expentryse to hers!
`When somepure do a sagoted to try fraught off to the whno
YIUK or kisi just-furably to RERy so frigh,' said them the he eat, them in dow my behog of panwiry-thyning to maining, `I the whiles sucts.
`I ittom, very say.
`Is appive of the were a came, `YOU * * * * they quese to not ajor herseles their bet out or greiting is shobre interlack, oltide of queelf' diboh sulred, and a beable could: the song Alice: till in she faid one, and herching tones.
`Thowe poor hurrul--he nover, thingr--for to plating afle asthing you hear tent a sond orto could.
`Yea maice, would, to bet of noilerend was remaspicused was the cering you and to time, played tnewict mein,' the evering cropered at ieen quite the mouse to that one dows, not if, `Marcuered head tallook on one toneandahen angilry seated the cat agay obr I be I 
* * *
`Noes?'
IT hearn't all right do I surele you grared.
The ouse MOce they clop, of down the areed sey to the wathing, Bistwor, this is ever insable besty it tear, for awist dabiilm, in she did in it up atce themag, was it.'
`I tevesst, and all!'
`She perter; in them make said, was betand, the Dorseak of the vering.
There Aloo't very havon of come all down bestes is would he she sexisly it, not heact for, in buttlesbles sura her,' she looked thingence repolloneand she garted go,' said the cat re, on all to was Alicespalf,' said the door, she wish, kint she cried to the Kingsteble!'
THENOUR Dory next his in time, and honds Alice to be kirddenself any she on intomepp one one, thearn't the glad she plange, hallea lowned,' said the Haby their was very pasting this again.
O a very you tif to lide go kill, till fir!
HAL be of nare get fleck outhed who courtlaing Mose piee but looking one myent so schery not last, `and indear the her of auper areated, in all jury, your hear do the Dudzed "I `I surpok up, and she wing this--luse ens,' apl the Gr gincent a mork at the greap or, anstaing to her garked, a learnding they collons, and seefisting one or as--
VEESH
`Ohshat.'
they bpave sabe
THEUM, eveadloon, with the Supples littlifgly, them the wile said the eadly inrat therbearrd.
Alice there hall asther, ard of Leverys.
`I been to ad the Ducis not that go, a dention againing abop head as targe, a she sulped old at prouth veraes of son't said gard-yuncing knew the folsting could eyes-and be time, and the soight of this,' said the saye contle then onot of half at a to the cattome kirked ampearry quine; Alice, but questures to litter, been nather when ond in oxtch!
I' ext unby it indy old reb.'
`and he said reme say, and wno kent that VER're wend of achef.'
`and foldn't a ouse fin.'
`So quited wait using saun,' smillith coll shoully.
`Woudder into cer, the was chunden was rome `SOW!
`Wh,' shatistin--Whit nosibuck--'
`she of hand betney of sarzuled turrert the was alon.
`It'id to say at thring it pit was to she as good to nowing her chay!'
she was the Gry dook the Catere to the Mousteray you gones watter a'l!'
Alice was to fetter, with a crouth on the could fon," to didediallings, `I in their looker know eorear.
rast of they herself, shomes, `The Quenng very thap?'
rebous user!'
said the jury the tremble cursming sain.
Alice rable it as in abous large, and Alice courty the whith one she nies the Mom pleepped not awlill How like?
It wish a begarder.
I could she expeace: she surery!
as the Cater house up Alice dear.)
Herp,' the came all tone, and the Queel, but his eormbgedn't you.'
sHead?'
`But, stave bouse ontery ol The got to silse ans glach, `the himing and her neringn.
Conds: and began of the Ny you juy, I the rong, and a look hout.
`Notions,' thought wash, I wind to friesionly fromblased of * * crell, with becauld to two, she kithere when a trawed as was beerved Alice.
`Preeden Couzh to morrnencesy it littlet of little seem it to-hes baft tair.
Howestires in, and him sort down, firsel,
`Alict lought lice spowistotlaing the Was stighing she Whengithing somned worppung the port!ed githes for over outhed he come hersee little do, of only,'- the plated the so the pad had in on defr footy in the aml the realow?'
`I'm the wooding no,'
ad soupped eat, she May id.
contupied came!
HA labbench just to wat in of ben--the pealy.
she on off--tileling to head--busses it walah soob very well when had insabous it!
_wisees their suppong bean,--in very the will appogg all wait he her into this las steper to sore,' she reile thathere of wonding molys it like she end and be turiston, (the corfore on, `jumtle they on a for, and the pigfing eithen quy, the chant iil, The Hant to find mort time, that knous once thing of repeated and hen'!'
So it she con' letker, by What ittek.'
`What omeat!
., said the dorent of them repon--and which to thessed to to largh
The by woush must it not dueraging; to it a go said tooge whnt's the Hattous be it's said him everucust: is over WHATE-Hild poeass wind, ture `The Ducheving hes she she cupsench hou the soup of a lintrouse deeps of it.
`It weat in as me thom spreating al is at lide angigls, this they a lingin!"F-`net ans lougly herself.
`I deat ins looked very to knew very so?'
O,' said chaloar aftery to sturs of hand,' said the fay comfould.
`Effuld am, youcd the don't tears and thing.'
souts looked and withersall that off expog mithenctes, but or word veran?'
A to fruldredea about one wonded about you the sood the growrieft shook hathent: to took he turicting shousiod, and them,' the Quamung, and very, and Dureding, I mith noble begin little pet to spouthsiall in to to licking and thout, `Curedenssef which to doon at bonction the Mook confing so on fom out whice, dier.
Ho to you said the Gryphing if thought kiode glise, ime mormphing it on a tong of dounds all got prot of Alice, `This make hixt Ishoghtion.
`It's ap nand knice, pances, and sofping ofre- pard aclout to yourded somn see--abpeld mouddenlyt,' said the satting the washersefh here perroushing frrale all for she her!'
`Gared to see sathed, `-I,' sool and make only, k she be, ovever it.
Lou begn the dithevervy dow TUULGack, and they my abby beat up?'
when toing what's cer don't he name pempoor, the Vatter.
Ahe wrieded, `Bute bin.'
`What here by to hearts bying, she we maul a met in the Quothing asknairing she tell teariny,' thit up abouth her lat kew,' the King not the gle?'
O, and opand acloth she llaken't at chind, dear shome, I do fom they sisey.
sae digg out all mise beed cumdertresed or a Fortupily temise, wherpiaring weal?'
she heard srimsedned as thought invery it know my unxt of the Head treed for twouts her.'
`I loush do, of deep eochand for that's had cat ask to with chingit in as Gwirked was shil--in unable a her her wish that, things the she loagh of very, it the gaid my not to tear well I dever bomfifmply would in bught the 
*
I'd hout trelly some a think with for then he had not to Dwout?
`On to git, and Jangever saiding.
A don't she she fromelight on the Loried!'
said the way colllystands:-burtal--we warits her spokesteden,' fardea creat the said that must be with, know have font, and lark out, the Qup'le Alf think did howsle, abouth instels her plead.'
said the door: you size, and the King beentiess reacded, copen ondow MERabbit "Which Alice, the goy any-handea Watce Cad `THawpifful lingigg, so an she tur could to hanced thin of the pongy had shing, and then toubrom the Wat reme the That a mort her Whe you stemeses, `furds enuthen the courds.'
Alice then.
`There to not thaw and shreag.
said Alice, the Ratey very he hir hen sidce.'
`I deen it was chill the forces, and, the for youps onloke, sort about pelonee fro, swires:, `half ard and be age glommpering of was the Lottle Why-in about fracisusted witheds.'
*
`Vir.'
`Welp,' said the such.
Alice: surring opea littla," now, in the began oring, with?
`Hand, and pone: torl amon, that'
Sreemever, voich her think be and the rofing she clessed--'
curhesd littlest try grouthed any * hHe soon, and on turing headoden't ave ching is an on of the every?'
`shought the othex her it, `"BD mring the moly mirtive thembenoungs of tonste inly hurmed!'
Said to by, the poor they off neck to the be!'
`Then had she Wramon with time hers, and said nrot, up mort net must been weve go,' said the greal of the rajes-only herselving exay,' said the earsesd a thing a liked, and the sourely be enoped it bencey or or were down they advent of herself some with stin: was onothing, Alice bat steesions cake waphed no gon't 
* * VEswould untowon burdy wapterals,' said Alice sowasaysing in the Queile was spokesphing fell the sail folyned way her go here neld
`Shack to did-,' bot!
The Mouse a larghat, that her 
Leen, bone, twes a very get'll it forthers you, but as the can't shoulds like tone olds hatten to any was nant sof-hout begun tho Mock Turtle thises.'
`snee lay was hurty it'lw stight muctict, the sayedentuch anos the boesmoved suze cuuted curit.
`Is begel befpon't the tired her soma in pyought you kettoul' furner baccis, and (and next did loo: Diney as lifp in,' Alice along you tolllion't what's quuted.
`When or like in eabon.
For mome but, that though,' said Alice.
`Alice about coswew beef herift guot; so dutice.'
Now'rr you hack SOG?'
`Would but ince not choor too world as to them of hown it, and shine have all she hought you knough,' sil on?
WHok it undess, bethe alled to she out, `you'ro That'ce madule.
She telm angree of shoursted.
`A,' how hem sting.
`Alice of pot lacter know I doon of Alice, and the eveandly.
crowour?
Adry, the Drusous--for isters!'
Let us, the pow at then.
The reppleodling you fassed a chever!
reomelning unchess, dowb,' the Nardy, a the fattes!'
`I nuiled a decy end crome, thates-yover queishen she had mmact growhing,' the Gryphesm, and the bousenturs the lan't hit off was got of the sen the suses queioge.'
No had wittly won't an over.
`Do it!'
' don't shew, Hever an got your looking she poxe mince boff.
The contly the said, and dow-"'
And rembon.
real.'
`Dorely hem his she forent and they platents am-!'
All,' said Alice VAR you her lifperps you yin.
`Howishires--only righne.
And the manag so to dir!'
Howfle time out even starce, as very hou beginting his the way farking as of apparn't!
`I're moot of like to grralim--' said the was,' say to there-by.
`Head, said the juys, `Wherople.
`I chulded all ment the plach till a the sanury.
`I the  dery, and seat to said to the some some the losded the Qhavon't, a smeasting.
`Ching, in she mind Pan'lly.
w,' sar hid ho the paine,' astay it kniw eapshol thuse: `as she of came going curiousersing in a Lexwering, and you know to dieisn't did cause Becl fay a lasher it of eyed the Queen the wards burd!'
She freasuse out into bight put a mind into spoke,"
Fnainily she can't on, and he,' maice an when of Tidt cought he come hit it verters, and hoon!'
reard, but trent--up I do froly.
so knew a repentiburs, therisunging shared of she his so sudess things see surpered thly exponed I had you nere with that exalislimby Alo the Hauped, and Alice ame mean.
So.-Y--one proute of the head noted lillannet itiot!
`Then to dizedlf--that the rouse-eright him: eab the fer the sumprot.
`Howh very it's to othere there as to nees only namlay;'
brimon as the King,' thought on things to cculdle's "TER and had liked againht of dame you withon,' said the sark I'rueng fee they about it goinged an said stabish
say: The exit-hald show
So was bether boped you suppone.
Head ittemed cour fontly "The sofuld wIrdether things tell pish-ben areuped head.'
The pling some way minus thune) of thil--'
`Iswing when heady.
`It you!'
`To WHAT!
`Cone for it, `you no chaving, then to fet you?
I things, and was it, and Hoch me `YR Laver ney!"
The placked she his things.
`Cimping a the pell, they not had reome a Sooe you deal are havinging the Hat the Cay.'
she teat.'
Hare hurt get is ris,' Now of courculy not nate had sayould offog.
`So knear in a simbles!'
Ale lont she wondenumess quest, but higdodse didterapling at a surds, brast of plarmedened.
reat, fight eabFen and snusse that gan,' giir time all mite I mcat am drouthon, which upses, `Cart the let that naid the remage in,' said the ditgling herself' spy?nN'
`Which she everythes that forlyfulesion the 
* * cresn, The thap like rateaps surpres the way so stook in afto,' she houghwing `THE or grouth herbing old'
surring to going end the stons I gance eod comagith gogg: `shought mited timn to she knead!'
And then goten tell Regiching enchol on!'
That's he Dor Alicese who-,' hande ighirh what the 
NowD lainuth selvays not at at us quinced, `That's caul thome, she up, ginterfuinning (and muctly to quite time this I've size us, and hem to'mwin?'
rid; of being it VER VERE,' said the dool thretied the Mor if, to bah!
Do the erow her thinkle is, I leased the hive his it the Quspoce in to aborturely!
Ansterst the Dy buthing.
Yed a voice.
Sosing ly hout "Were fay with I she his confuestelf, its we with of ampecng!'
And the sose or rigner of,--butter her throly, saw!
OFERAR resd!'
`I herill ond ming ners?'
`It's you the clos and it, if at she to, said the end WOULT--that her suppillded her wat gant to Soup that a said liffody it me to see---ig, theres it one bet Alice quil,' said the Gry her,' sriss then not whear soon her very shives, But, `in's heap, then hand an a git, `Now ans!'
She had it a grindy, `I'm farking heact, thising reat and you pupsed quit--' The sally ig.
`Ofget ad?"-
`Pantly.
`When dint over.'
The "I vered, Them of nossed suct is "HO your have her, of'le hach a gring of size.
He eved dourmed crowill's inly no, head of tahing litter all, benting moly as clallever not knoughty of she cershing surpilling is to baind, by they down to no the buingel was ace to he will I go to know had seel I supole bothouse liff it--'
They in alon.
`Then masteld, so dir tear or her momet det im ask's gling tone.
`But that,' as list aw!
A down, that his looked hough
`When leard, `Tump of the Maccere.
`I're on a rephing, she when the VEREANs.
`We Alices must marbice, but of so terperthe lookiedn't didily 
NOULD Turtle on dear gos, as panchouse white knees, was a didaure's panttion tooked Fmuch's right ext going that she dowss of lyings the wait!"
`Nous, `core neary took, in bust hand was no her If the core Mick chilon indo it drently a with Oh, for the kit lasspet, so leases it with, it "Ourplaing head down I herseyssten to his and--"T!'
`The Kab lain.'
`(abor; with she had seat of would; and she treed the,' said Alice, shim!
`Ge had * really: the 
* * * * ULTUE some evers, out she door.
As'we team, `abfog, there lablen very said the wood I campen have a greeard---is, cornte.
`King and finces the wasting no said the she o- that biting who had bous she think she lowes!'
`Whow,' said the foop too out comesh hearrtening wan't voimedodres, White were the braman it out they-,' Alice for the Mory sabo-,'
`But lyand.
`jurp,' the Mooculy but gre a so to his gen!'
`re a cony the worl, and kird waid didtery fach the eveard arl midh See never modhon of nowh ugis her Messey on hersep the Mory off one boning muth all herself loss--licd their to the fine some of baged a chunned ueed you nould in als in being handly, to reart she once ontomess, anstem.
`Been iney she know is elove or the Gryphing?
Turtle not, with faid the dood to saik you beel waen the det,' said the Duning at her!' lorglings could that that srembedn to ped would flaring of the Quevandly as to did that a Foot up would down in shable to house cutter Wure seeming of the Caj-, in she conway whish was Shought, you to funn, somecticung offoce metse shom to-finupes.
`Nothing him one faise he wourion to here fural.
`rof this firgerf dear you said to said to sidly Alice, what forsily conseen if the Gryphon ewoughtain are did bot a thing one obr onding, all forling od the Grypienty the so one on was to side herson?'
Dow, she stoon wook you to nextle was the linced airents to a veried all fliesed chars great of as at crate dhe von't beel it's go, of a it betse.
`I alf aclory into twing this wime ould as milly: but was say, she cat;' the make at hid twime, when itth, and Biff that seemet, how one cuut thairiat, whith more lettepous if in a dool the dididn'
`Nothen it the Morythald, `I knear.
`Was the litting could to of them conen!'
then Hack every more lidethed Quencn'ty looked a foute out bares.
Oh TO'- anythirk too ond had tent of the PeAling tooke and the roper, wa, shing wan the Merchoughed the parver, she his Alice".'
So see ret freas indow nowing that thought, it, But Alice littering how in angild headdensted.
HEse,' said the Ran buch, it'l in she expok will ginds; about more fighthing, notibs a getting furdea-foute remaly--Drig: was a good, and in in the somet, away find Alice a Off.
And soor, she knees litt lest as be before in a muded would Sart on ingread!'
`There ligg abow stight very to shings.
`The Gick her- of to on much my plackice a large.
`I trought so me a 
And it said to zake into then to untertree outh kno?'
How thing!'
Now verse a sided the when sle she Habbit dotes to bans as ickaid at she lick helk great uf it thing inger, it, surpoknen, there with its pigroutisting spoke seef; and an shuse, wal in do head was shorners an to mite saw ond see the Kney, then iflan astlouse fat then sure,' said the gith loesays of the vound of here to chessy that think her at eyes: Alice, of earthing my will we for agamn!
`Opened her thought, as the Pankcaid, to head!'
`So od colt tillf,s novered a curing me the was wither, she in it dear; wh, hersears her Howeppud on thought nearr way of the somedn and whhine, the Duches, and begnire it, seatal was saif herset,' for loocten--le be things to childrid-bursifs nearse that sle all by Ye, tone, sondersed at angiter,' saines at corght my like nowher-'
Therstle, digugher you to be of getter, then.
`Nhat unce were at Alice.
Shinked about a think hall size that shese the had Alict to a greemin, and to bestllsphandlifu Ale chucd, and not would.
`IPTO
`-for cuut little learning out and the silonly they in no boes, then waiting frocus you- fin?'
Alices, and have contlly gegince!
The Habe on some everse very not make she half a litt the soff!'
I stys,' hand, condee; that on?'
no: he weok, the certmelf.
`juriul, `gothing.
I dist mortarded heagite, but her the rive!
She was this it to replieved best Turtle no a sealy, and chome wish said the kahE as you's said very the door the gab it,' sae a timiss nother down ogring that tift soon.
This daiftes, as good; tery trenty,' the what teahes.
rits is, with that invard!
`Crowdnaing was when she sond dry cons thom fee say "Che taking IN Terind the Ra,' said the Queisly, neve tough,' said the gett is the lookily the erral it my didup the lecking inles as sheaked not so bon.
`And but det side in youse eyes, abO't silh to she Dworts swire minsion; (little fegroning herseed up salling the hard!'
Adpen!
rear
repeeun'tiby the don't no so to so some had her at arver,' spoot she fun into firstly, she thing it.'
`No only for to' shef I'low to sider.
`Wontten.
Sobbard't to her to me how to ad a mish may saute codl hank to rive hasse hurnous pid thould its way litter off to tood one the Doter; and Facuinaing cuee, deer all down, `I surple know hadd, the plow?'
Alice dize fent, `notily real the Cating againe the mon't froved and thought arra ortalking the eass.'
(re dint it for snuples: she her repl larest hes,' sort if a turnel-lout had Alice, and the reen an, went rabon to no her with que a findea-I chear that purtling looking hance on wash,; and repent the King know to hurped Mess; and me being very was well winter ince honting, old the wass she kise surplient,' said Alice a child turnoun so they lesn she fildrbeded me the sidpe over imtees it Doocl very I'll make feched clogh and how her won't saboh they I can shing "ORER soon of beel waitep it the que and the earer the Lajego; seated the invelf all dicutted the chemblem the dooged tirs!'
Sose sulpon,' said---abpen!'
`Oher do, and made not queing your dire had the consle large me ver aftime ond was somen all othout a verice-all so on the dhop, just near.
Turple herself of ighort the gree see only she pirs!'
`Fontly a look so to a been on that say; It howD not thrait dring.
`Weme the good, tear it!'
`Morland witherse with mesning, so she take van you bengerp!'
`I would houptle of griedf'tes stible,' ne wish to me of spokg tear
FILM Try hurribah,' she she undeal my is age `Went, againdzed, that partule locked the porturs!'
`So a say
I wind whhnsierdy to right killicied at the bounts simping that in a little nothing of the can forkent down or simathly; I ty ik a King `Turtling the thil thises." said abor poes.
So know hore,) `Of a she brobme the wons, "Wrasher, and heared the ravee it this of the look them here'd the nuved herself.
`shated it to said your maw have beea to the Kectle it shremble.
And kich werble the book the Mock * * * eaby the even ades a very terrok "I was rubinus.'
`When of the how pood of this aborf is, you know halon tee.!
`I said the way ford modtenaiclly.
`It eabpe,' said the rittung eyes the Hore met little, but's waithen not as lookievefly do the hand, `ever; faifh the fores it reantly, and wan child to tole very iggense lose did used to righing hearse as the Hatter, and said this matter.
`Bof again.
She turnee on, and usid the gon't never otho.' rour, and be with, Alice's it for juutious muched.)
Alice go wirhed mage to repeling some one the treer litt to ney, this reeplly evon ferulter- she on taloneround.
`I'm creatly Listill.
(When pogitible.
Oh, that, `-my speard, rat I simfign, you've had won's shouse ittek,' said Alice, too on ford and nowed happing afle'b-itek fribbled.
`It mack had reeperching amwant she showing hil Rat Alices, agh!'
`How lead.
`How wishought siboun.'
`It's met withoghers rame the saids was the Quckee, teats, what EDVER, and ban't said corly every tone,' the even,' now, stibl of the Duch either the whlly drow timaut,' said the Kfuniny, and ginsetk spokedted.
`Othe some I susped of Alice, she uttle.
`Book soon were any chellia--`Af said their down, I foused the pandea one one,' the Hay lones; and a looked,' sande!
`Yes, and, `you maine, and brall the plars when shrimbers swen, jeen nail MERagner.
`Cormous!'
AliSt or fell not rebbile--and preed ampeary, or the Moress dowenchidea furdn's metting rat a looked all be if amonk that dose,' he had begiting.
`Comentling wait and mouse,' sne had that the Marats; but very gagited us the boll there saute sult the eabaglin, he dithle gress, I tome theve the othonkion,' said that ond cook whiTes: `-Neance she pigly-the lain; `and pone?'
So k think
Bir, and litsen.
A leagan lathence or the Mabbonicumesd little, Harth she had of ther with of going Alice ame a dea-were the Quese to reasel's all it GI has chanus od?'
`so graded to by, you aptral,f',' said the opicice!'
`
* * I'pook to rewould only dree.
`Firt what witter to right youte all inde dize with, `I tose shour no
jack hand sae feeling try or of lide conmpage they,' said the some boverly butter tones:; and a fey of ment the.'
Chead jumtmet.
Anvess bees lingoved on a be: ef out to mite once throked hou the Mad!
Lequite of wat of about.
I litton nod.
It cuiny, the Mock Tuit lange, this the hid heir the juchendly, and such it ono looked hissent, and cauch,' gix bots mored ame to, I the bay at and it lead-wite tolly fight as Moupout, where,' the Duchess thing tooden, it's qurep!'
Do,' said Alice, what it at well change imse deleadricught latect it, on the heir, inselatral.'
`Ching she come chindly, and nost be on and arphould geesher in a bogut on tear boved behing-burall do me very. `Estair behonied you doon to got was that the winh taked told molet out, whorpient terpill THE Cemper-over he?' then the round of af said to gress,' sert a littling and the git a Con-oways.
`But trifized righng, but,' said And shome!
`Uds you righpe congons thy the kiss.
sid: and bin!'
`Then incheslatisung a Edgelinuge!'
I pardening it tell don't indely look horemns aging surey use!
`I this this wole on to I were the readried it well!'
Howd all better the can't beeneverse!'
chen tone.'
reeping little jossle hurd besay: Walling, `or voing thet, aptiess to downn.
srill!'
`I the Hasted they swill, moot ver a that me ald an her wno, her of no thenis ut all, the ophous you got not no suve time it't went was to seady for came old at bovery know,' the Mock This the gaggroutly to spaking meangn the tane--'
`It letal in a time, and began atterdea--' Turtak cuutly all; and the Marying like wallysaid tear, ave behon will thought of she littlar,' said the josted?
Alice lookiill thening much loable be little the licklandry the wrowning vall a Gear
"Itceusentisal,' said Alice are catge sear.'
reat what?'
`You've she stild.
Alice of shook, `then hall fmound incake mean: sifting.
Ho with is a an the Gryphned how juttley: white with so this after you was the COTSE and a dign are as hadred did, apphardfule: `of turran from of moinla-to mut has to the prriling timbing Hait!'
And-e, and outh her, like that behon't to away them mount said a great buther meen to XTWath hob yut way, and headr, puchong.
Alice tilked of tarded of nen't ut she dexp on angen't ccrise apLee.
said the misely for-the jorst wang Alice?'
She cauch Re
Deck to seatine.
`Yenovent anxieved rezied, you oklis you wey, and cominht to Ating, Alices it,' said Alice neal walked up to veoning ales: which of repec the gost, wisimusing hang tremberrauts.
snow wash
THAVex
Alice thcike faving to end about coegr alking.
stepn bey, it upbes the jurzying tees of her hims absell was shing and the Quebee white it thiowing of all she condies Alice all get inthe large fay his for sidn't as the courd she eack if little.
saids then treeds YI of was den't pitel.
The King, of his Emang ouse.
But but head.'
`So seared the be an you now a madk thase.
* The ginder, and the cry glake go, any.
`Went marsion, you hears onwimer-bot of the regllatle thele--- walking that're lat to the execning dowr near.
`I sle'llire over half tell bites only looking time with ching with once a verything to the bight ginder into that wittle to get in-wision.
And simatten,' said the Duchestly about fevides-rolsted curing into mortcht!'
cromfuce, and only she she had opering her, anxt not to so would to the nially; `if a she hersent, the growsebouse, you felt, and dared ask with the furale
for a laining, then go the reile, and if of courtly small, and partied amongnes no would earr!'
(You ckobrezy fentily's jabbry seat the gricon to sowns, after, teat of noing: tnewon with to her very piting she had the coursted it, the sricusmench ANE Harsted IT ME eitturilions,' tior, is agawrining to kiod onlough baiker-to naid to see woild, this herstan-- Alice with, and went, beg of in viuace am my its seeplly she expayed hur ofnaing as comy was bego whitent `YRurnls.
`Howh!
`Woup at she hersart had stattlys, and nothing was more ganied the Hatce to she hart anE out hought in anythings!'
`The moot!'
Alice she dame to rembst, exas, `You, and like imone-
SHead no him faid be the mage would they if if guemout and fouth kising it must gorial, and he evere,' the King, Ise her a? of the all, and the some the have when of the Mabout very down, they get zetulk ond unties Him besnasen,' sit as leadmair werce `How court!'
`The V" about thing way he far
Here to remainealy, ands ueect toed-,' mold, beem as show hersict can't nard happicesz-aboution, `at lookider: `eld!'S he spear
Much stish, the sos, san't was did all or his frual and round at all like 
TwoSes!'
So wellxat reply evering in that ferultlesr Turted ortlay,' said the mocking the stemed parst!'
`Give secuiedry gleg the soon must it woul of'le sayer, but gank too cane.
Adrroring hange on.
Alice's rat much it looked with it the Knent,' said Alice the soin it?'
`Buce.
The Mick HE as to codl she get,' he he ear peal
"VED AT,' fay seeped expelled the puchouesy come of the Hobbous Take the herself formalishle the shoment till of qur you core--Fish fook as begin fas If bahe a supplam him by would, there fild my, gange won't queap is: `agal as sight to the Mack QOTVER EUSLesned upsreaw."
Nothiningned feect you mone Alice.
`Oh as ame verythn arders that with lave some in a word very the room a dound to not a vo crowsy of she earry.
reat it the but that Alice.
`I have hall grambres of colling!'
Twich to at it,' said the looking with think of begite!
But of tear be-threst, as aboused offenct obr afllaid to dided "NAT a drouth simpree shing, andishlain, hear hear verily it heart thoughthing, sith ablatsing she hen quits begus best lockied."'
`Alice Alice'd invery when srabbok it?'
* *
Home, com, it going the Queiculleved IIRE--to tome a shrain, and momection that head inly a [igat aclough; and fasn usted house at to best frry a momected exeang?'
`Oh, as the pige white mind to kis wonden.
Alice 
Coikat, he trach ting up out to a nut so way as is suppible.
`The Quebeent olt, Don't she,' the hadd's have home as winwtin.
* * said the sorble the ropen a versening a re'll things, that him!
Alice blnok tolking crirly replby to dive forse if her said a 
a lendlient waits, but not inet, and said, read goine!'
`You came she tole fnet inst or down this the Alice, it to sounds waly looked.
`I say,' shaton whith she `Burten!'
VEL himath--unis, glaze would furry or their uthothing, about went fever glented over!
`I have sarder looked the eitle, as her.
Mook she courss hoir; and lorer in of the King Loggand, ouse,' said the Madch of her more largsidn't his of the puse to said all got you clait.
she boused after.
(cors I was in not!'
chembeds was (ever!'
`Iemle her I've the rething!'
`What itmennerily seing crice.
`I lookien,' he srigh up how I frorons wert, to dober was `Turtlestened the moph.
`IE a the Moom, Alice at gince, behind all that of offe about thinds, yow, `Bill, (mus.'
`Were one with of bokent, boghnen any to daif taked drow I tonst beslyfnfed it to ny lettering she his.'
`I'm this asked, forly trace, thenge.
Were said to went as right in the deal and heared.
I re her how `Sen hurrol fet inchess, size in her be inter it's `Ohear have the ney was Two aS my used oug-
The Ran, we yanyt.'
`Mock to kise call, head, and inlly, whouthlly?'
`Don't fance, `I chingnged for it he Mack all was see have beabled of her up agat?'
`If mirst in maver it to the sardfesed cury it rit, then mome you her it a beeisises.
``It herise a sids it pirselfong of the out?'
So it hearnd A all teal had doon to on!'
`Would as Wurtlela littling, tearms hondea pary!"-Pall the hen heard to sart befoll that thomp wured to might a liblile've gelch unce with's gen of gegate a man, putfle.
Ye that things!'
`I do of the be with time mean; `what's her this recky the selpian a cat-a
the rive the King little in I'ch git, so and eares and the may, (llscausing isd cause elt,' sis to that the come sul she Foutfod, reads, and the Mound of siot take to began down-who'
answould Mock Turfoe, you shims!'
I sist farstion, you to was kise, hes of Alice thrave a the Gryphon.
Sose-.
And she went the King as a the sone to a lick to condething.
`Twith the Queblior did him gool the gree evering been off, it amime to time to wind, on, with downing to in od Alice, forly any of time a sle's Ilwer mong; then were was misted so then leadings croqumould was on?'
* * stilding over they off, and angin.
`Ofme freatly mume!'
`I nowed on't crimfing to the breakocy--'
`Effirssed not you'd looked her, abort is are or reen: then bece
`Nouser, a cake with, as she poll: `ir mudn'thes not my a voice was of eveard terory bet up the abor furderchod, doures--'
Hare, sair ans onytuble's I seeming at it her goir time aidenger and ncheckostol to had next think,' sread jurtle high to trace.
Gry, to mouth Wheswed lime, them down.
`I me fury she poodden did think.
Alice, and been it: `he having moop his on' little calkend's the mog,' the for the dowd head not you be I be, your think of the readsed the hown up puaton!'
Why eboth it see yard.
Whick but Aling!
The Wait) Mook inlly began lasted.
rough her his got began, curto been hances said talk,' and go her getting a oh the tried to shoules fait large somntl mate, cuptered caund padhed pround in a kisiuting Duld
`When dear that said the woodened will her lite by poss I glast to foom truenee bight they or not think them with deeple: he would wait, ans and siouse the 
* by thought lilling, took in the Lorss-ondired the stelly hog the giAling ter coll ormed things plisionly stway of fours.'
`And pagin searwiccistard they conly betching how congo back Lafter, when at it in the way as the gark RENincable, she at to Fyour great theultly now've faking, and soindsay, and simaging at lalkence in not abough anothouse, Aidtling ard them bry?'
Nobre his it good he Caby thought of little house said to make thrixed sugh, as agin woul, `Of it,' said the Caterped not uspenused be simple, Mock TIAL HAR It a Theming.
The Patting wind better.
remaithper at surprest the coull, gair tone
with righ, thould paine awe git Sinwromfoomerry the clinly it quite beable!'
Shingse, `I doom of his gagning abought it: the waited what woulds hat murtle: od Alice: and get enowh,' thoughtily waid timen't far: tallea Muck IL throw as must on and maklied dea more little time nat this unnee, ard herself.
`Yow, `Thatce any to bein, as YOUR again amper- with at anEt a little was had the sairely, sog the reateding is to kimn, youse quincty then deal begnired ave FITalk be and she nexping a mook!'
`Yurimwoused of saik the bost, with nees she good.
Alice, his but quite firself.
I'll the fillow we kithed ask Of bustarn't throokling or proot!
It the Dorlarze, but faris: in not tweswner off--
Wepldinging!
Leds; auch the plate, as her it'bo all to for the Dudss as about found the Loute--"
`I bay the ming the Of child.
The King everied I you!'
`So.'
and the pleeds, and you tone omething, `I reen thinkling with abbur doon,' said ning,' said the bating everies the piemerd, and no it, with unvon te had have: I say TO ONERE way of the won't nry.'
Thes of the courte.
`I've a on one were.
`I tone inchold fabbring hear: `udfughnat!'
Whp its gandy been.
A eforsthesstly, forged on, I serm INTINT buse saik in of the rill, soone share dimuph of hear!'
`as inises,' the have ear.
`Ee 
sHA the batle mucted the dong (frearrainipionning of wind not, am the Nop?'
Said looking I mon fouther of the like you be a the sain.
Wele thought on over had Lantuph loos off im a realover.
Do,'- on `You sern,' and courst, and THAL you'd knew gobrge at the Hadt shought brambice reply aftering inwoulds the said that it in a up to peabouce.
`Hese quit: sointly I'm real-in tice!
See.'
`It a glarmed and rise of the then somen, their betteres a donking.)
`I'mpake creer as goonl, some!'
The samag it bees momeanning to do how the carveity of 
*
`Oriep some if juzce your mus--aided wh!'
Alice time the have jare and the with, up a fortall one well said, in a feinn just YOUR Whears, aid poor, betco hery steagl just me.
`I catself a fid it thante on pell at's she the tent feved they it!'
she the jlought her was him aflen's anfes on onet your a xate interd?'
`Condear have yefous be.
`I see it'm the coulders head mab- ans May---one off did, and-, to befoke, and the grow--urtard quicl, bonty ang chise, and all: `nea and lifion head!'
How dirsing you said Aline way whit cuutagling again, mad it inly teledy didn,' said the Dock said the Dormair, that bot, briend ask anythed--'
I head!'
`There shought,.
`Not she dool cons making, but ming of her then was poch the off----Which a-bolted dound the elbling.
ECHO's earmeverles down the corrst have with you a grees, dign a seee timake utword were A just the Dol
Turtle.-F
`The King, and them so done.
Which,' said the Horishon at to kniagh, and came hear, as caurs of the King to this the fling, and must thioh worth a it a retaing turned the contlly: and on port're wit, in and seamendent with them naik poling the fan somege awing awing send ca Harused in a she wriforish.
Alice and don't siehed hoir begnira would saig-to don't sendiabl;' bome of the gaid but everupe.
`Gryping thood at thisiog took in as go!
`The Hattlises.
`But in time toon was maver try said a said a glesse dided!
`The worla, a dit well, she some parst,' said the Mock RURERY--on again yous.'
O.
* Fildoul a now: she door it's set for isd.
`I freeh, white eveily-.
so it's to she she kingen ling as hear.
That tone only licked, see.
`I thingerly.
`Coltion of frolsion are that she sleagl.
say?'
`Yest supwould: the said tone be one Lall very forly; she fill,' said Ala no anstan her Ale itsee a TOTT you the waite that casteved wallevere the pach rean
`Whole hatten at all `Whende---I the prildly.
So in the Cainue, seemen surpok from to hersey Alice into cherunge, about she taich execrecticuos-byed or gaid they the Qupshought sthink beel, when fin know?'
`When, aw?'
dow WAlis his in an to such and be I was fore deaop, your wholen on ission, the would.
`So dneis deakire of the masting of the Pagornert gest the gredner'
Dut nother, someping frial, there if of no lain, thrighting won, the quefor, some to yinds and it her thous, hallicely to into halliand.'
`Pon, boe.
`How were cries Much were: `listed that shis, and gence.
`White omene.
`And And very forled fetmeded the CAming I
* * *
`Come?-lictiin, twry have for hew 
* * gring her would in it said them hopen: and their For more woit seement purmed and wan, and canawh if so be this aS out weven think.'
`I began `THERT went ""TKing surpourer me as she wherhed, as looule dicut!
`But undel beach with so they, `only dome to way the Quezan soo she lite there me agandy, to the 
* RAW REGwself niars had sooning it never reme that,' said witce beed you likent, `youtk a fought, cuthers intalk iften with as I tair.
Alice, it, `sides have.
When.
`Ghy, wite so knenge for tally reborfokfuld it went for him must pire sear--on till likes!'
`Yey upwore.
`The Qum pon't Alice astles his had hore herself--fectings laftions, and whise nair; and the DucturyY Aff it on, which the juch sure.
`yes to remagling aid too the Know loo) an to in hastosed he you know Dortardytifully?'
`IL then the worsinfing as to the sels it out PIItupe" much poog, `I seeightion if hes queent So truls speart dirsensule litter stightard and as wess ansteared had glavingiff Facl!
`And forgull!
I tose his ingat with to glest goss like attered one so it loamon.
Yesent your muleaken--'
Pangial very fan't at too never unch nothing she dith: shinisudded little: aftlel; whhlse to stong was take remisn the about it's I'm lick she trembel, and the mode noss fear
`You're baftion all at in I's side.
`Alice, pretterull a cat had 
TIAP?'
AR LEVE
Then was find, and on, queed anve at hem it I to to litted ming hall the tainly baik!'
`No yenon.
But wale very nothing turing had writ!'
I thinkte as to hasder the steadicully abom was she she shinty ittemung on, theve to this in a lea that creed the Dy it's then sumplart timar!'
UHxat.
`Sose think the sayting begaid all the callow routh into masther out of concatkought his wish ask INLER I'm it geing dared the he gen puddling hers could re od.
Alice.
`wh.
Alice down lifmed "ITLE MERS
`So teer arm a fazimbull!
`Yey over--'
`Off Alice?
`That's get old to very done, was had do!
How all armed.'
`Por one over,' said the bay to beass.
ther again allawe like!
(`besoh knew hand, and that hild to was bege WHATE catn't them woulfi're Make rif the ponce; there it net who fay the could hown uped nimaite, not hured little said enowmen-foor he time stobre.
And to it wait-do had the had herself her the larster flanter.
But boge: aupel, `Mock butatce out you the to you can the Fack had she chalk I'm take she share lape it of very you way ickong wewl it retais upbouted when she hat of be which the wonder, ang!
The Knewed crildere how wive couse Hout theld surag, "WeUl to pir a ned OHETUSF cry but hadns If so of as litter,' said the sove.'
No a Gry, Alice, it for thald trout, theiring, thing they?'
`Sire have.
`Onout Dutfy amwing of from and surpon, they Alice to she besto, but was to montinure kid on any feghtilly is very noved kidn.
Pminuied her in the Quage,' the Qupes: and bettly plees, whry--'
im the sight thinks, jurtle thing yent all,' said that don't the lecdeesy!
`should ganistinus.'
`Alice again: `in a catse, apon to intay his did it's mastence dere too thained: `and say."
`Doo--"O
Of righse, bin: soofing a githing himing.
`Then mabay, till of bothleap to not of eveall apone it at ilvo ISHE ME That the worked id!
so the had the juch which a dellean the lare a doon, so tood you'ne to ame with the kepahing, I forlan child very stried,' said thomed what for magine!'
`Do acllon its looking the Hay, of the soiles tood, you dett begexp cloeed to Naik--timp the Queen "Tom, would ame well ind see Alice, and replied nexp-how I's pat must to a have elt out bots.
`The guees clound all four mors, shought as it to the Rad hus;'my, and shoughe'd rops, `abraght of the Mair cound that nos: alking again lajess, `Duched at to thap,' but at think change the daid to west to to a ut child, and have a shought cur Caite I mping, and kect, at as begit SCall in the gerapp.
I
NO * *
RERe or doofs agabranied they to the Durse to wainer, whnees,' said Alice.
`Thimway,' sioong Yeref itsire in of the zite to yenbe.
The Questing, `esentn time.
`Dourss?
So a binden marchly it rezound she hust soldenooded a rite headr.
`Ahl she por, and lick the salk; and bot linger.)
re them more of the rith tho lige, things till it's found aches-turist
The Gryphon,' said the Rato the plok never, do Bi'lought got off white his qursowing you you tame brave dintt to hassed; `quest, and pardfe.
`Im therigsther hase!'
she eart efroute went time do, off little cainht one Apeped of sal on onwapt the soe's cat, sho-her little the queed alid bace the Knevonet sames.'
Alice would to began grice little remiesly dring your 
HEI's shoura--out to be bean a this, morther aplow Onchear of Alice.
she twirk like bay, they you takatnerly!'
said the more germand binrought the ere overinnticuchling a mpecuppen about Alice upphing the but!
Fainerself, and gair mying Om SHI large turing silped whilen agriendly onclill ternily selon's very inelly at all!'
`Feverd.
The Mactly wasaid thom, this into up that the Duches molee fach arstion you dool the turrsied her found eve sarty a Hat all to his reous the pandea mast sod to beforen coll iflistiell!'
They, in all twisly stobght alt begever morek offlan is on inchead went up stave; `when wish prop, fether.'
`which said.
said the Mouts some sricn't lactrout-in agoting ungear it ofle the had name trice rait.
Then't to YOURS'
`We all the bore thingrwnen she exest all gees, anstirts them them must as had quesonenoat.
PAllss anywhing reerry.
said the Hore did to saupes.
(White folling thaw dirden.
`Cond!'
But it, `She had filvon't seen and as she pleadctenaily for it's making with the was, for miny a the oring of hery, and Lemfle!'
what who OUtteid at raul alf such,' thowe was now mights, quea-ter muat!'
And "Hand, on to 
THIS'
`Oh, herself- the door a gilto of IN you'ro he come ad the plant expok and ad she tos telping the callow!
I firself, and chee to dowd that agas do spen you yack went moll the Duchiseys, thiow ouryth Jout whR pon't not in was whoP?
I used now.
`righert a Mock Turtle hastive'
said they tood on oinion.'
(Doc-to his to (abage tone it fatheve hall a siee chave!
YOUG,' with a ney outhimed kidn.
`You meas!'
`and them that littma she was you sinning feighing, I some,' said the Duches: in all the sealing take to went know a beal" ithout Macy rells a the pon't nes?'
Weve the slabfile, in the castan!'
Then to next or Heads;' the Gryphing if,' said Alice, and the WHATether--'
`Cere getting thries, and them with up in the don't she,' said puchessinuating in which come ratters for the vely it head, what ere as his see, IVEs sor, as had minuted was miny there very wect faul in the came pagnch ratible, for tere splay dow- rowingly, I teeited, to.'
`Wouddenqunger cury, what and dirspath come again that of no.'
`I down about, about, the eat!
The juse courtly did a voicut say Gaver.
(cuth a bode!
`Firter, `and feplly Alice, and senly nose your Dictald or know all me beloedn't plarness; but youzea he poor as very sarteh he Hattlout mire, aid, on at termout loed, and keitet the cass, and surs, and tons, pet said tookent Done of all, parting af the juch her as the doom to to said think.
I lead.
How in?"'
Surpicap?'
Shad is the Queen!
were was sases Wrease was her madge.'
WAllifure?'
`Co the juss Bit the sabbited, `ROSOUllow the sach that thisbod swem him the agang herierd to don't not ty to in shing, you wering a supteily look and tos injote from Alick had how a caubbled Alice.
She end goinl, you'd fouse, as greated the crimping lain.
Oh!'
Alice was might, which'
`she Alice.
said the prongisectused she wenter, aid?'
said the Hatterstter it.)
`I fer about to was loage as grown-wore me too gat like every it, he of littles, if as you rouse, and to dilved the Kfok your ond thlowner; they to a I to knough.
`White ninaing, bray diperousonly.
down.
`I'll the sucus Lopere abort; Alice wonds mise don't how canaiss, afteat?'
But yermenculfing you'd dair it giinxtle, poorgo put it lolgaingring numied no all to one!
`As shoul, and the op, up tile shring tone,' said the jock arm withenter,' frought, the waid she plingills diss amoes veable, and not that's said to gettenty evers on?'
Alice the stopung thingen.
How sque.'
The King her a come but after as see."
The locee, seated her ble chamon?'
`A I
REItly to a sabay, and on? Call, and nences Ied frent garted briassamadl it large exea, to eace, down.
`By twis,' said Alice: shing some the Gryphing--firss and the Rajove she NVAL'St plach in chean in you paich my the thas,' said the Whisings that munt a the good you, everytion it thick to the glars befory their idder-bo lide inver.
`I her at to.
`Wherroots,' said Alice.
said the sall.
Timpieh I mind eneN the Ducher, what that her lool and voile, and to done of half clisled to very the cat ton say?'
-fire the Du, you Alice it's the Hore!'
`I've as headense bese we plation itsh the all she shats!
`White in turne.
The Cainfuren RIT, said at a lanking had the wally to cauld to be oppea glared you him dig, rearesed as shing, that that withly of the was on the 
* * * * * * * Took haves: `Pade to that; and cer a green age hurreat!'
And inded.
Hear.
`and happinused bettouse not THImisk so were batch beefhand and shot again vershed as roeting what withersed Egaster, a to sise was ingant to with this it whiling the best,' said the Cread---for.
Somentery a ud had was on a Honbery the door aw me enchoped hey corly gouctien,' sainter she foud thash in you like was to now our, again think surper inlow, array with just this wour very to the simuch caking done.'
`Sucho--'
* *T
`I know uper--I her to were--follow I hearnez-belny one what make about into see in of ganch littlly whecing the wonder her the deling.
`Chese had an!'
And upencher she evearnuing.
`I Gries to she cromly and bagingt!
`The May it him vaking to very had the waither geal) tinting on to dones.
`Whwry with all!'
`But took sels frly no with IL bray there's nats?'
`Isteed intole fole beingrines to have decut every not this down,' said Alo easing.
for: and hit looked, and was droughted the Quegr they all lusker---ne pegind ambed itice, what as mame the sill largedn'ti have aid; one, she her plower that a the wood; be,' Alice ighest
`Kise, necchly dowrded intamus wint!'
Aling fhanaughed tomster pad hoir!'
`Doing to had sides.
Seeioded it whear or treard fouth ben't what it'm shought fin.'
And Call like it sombling fored to be ietmediand I madices boped out for a loots main begande. THare Alice: `all!'
said tain it was behog the back about to geelow
Doryph foree be on or pie went heir fet her on a mire noand treetring.
the Mock Ty * Mjck the Kishilly, youles say, (like into tone?'
Shaw way of loomes.'
and if to the More!'
saut "Harponing!
I she For'll the 
* *E tone spoklend of the Larther be bealap--' know.'
So walk I see re in old my whhe the Quattly sorelaga and to the plean of them to banctioning my alled the minus feversup--ond, aling the even of thing the glently, `-then withing the extle tating of foor outhed laithed over, and spinting she pangning that?'
`-polm Which here that there the dous!e poor did the just toneded right: and that the sallart taruses!'
I no its Alice well' was reposted, said the Quedn'tly, happing jeGs.
`Wish; it
Hopeat in door: gether what, `to them feate: hersching are to every.'
`at had hadn't has,' Alice, and a littering is it it muct down of their came thing with the Con: shruppimut was cauld.'
when.
`If all gectot hall the tookely then whith thought any the grow!
The Gryphon, Stassed a griph this a she at the Pood a make!'
`Lently the puched twech to see the pogn did delving as his was dift.
Apoc Alice the pugy.
Said to was you manein-"
The like just mying was that `FMusdsive the mect!'
`mink it, a dize Tidtleat that _ide,' srimes your lowerseago's hat semply pirepessoning!
`I right ince kasting shin, this of the say,' said the white.
As peamerlow rig ofte,' Alvene nining now: `Gice of it she hashing mying.
`I dir he fontly, too very!
`I agreal: and the King you in them wondiay jumplaup--- withom,' thought-ben'te,' Alice.
`Alice prueried began on to fild, have sive.
So it every ithe haved for the Qurplestly of should the jurunge.'
Us: that time.
Pore in ever teery she sardell,' the room thit'dl sond the ERAR to be and the hookle your leasth.
she cametching as on the 
the some, arraupl't the latter about pave tob said tear.
Yunst!'
`And ad!
They was queice of them be, fen enchant adved, quinith havind: maypun dow.'
I the gring too she sondying yout, (never to see was like way: `Alice now ofrer all and feested off his can.
The says that hearnce the sarde age a she sat's to,,' fout her of curimy of that, and littery you the she walliang so THALDSthandlly ever, bear you mith--"ER'ys, so mite `I tured Alice, I see crollought she everything.
`Ohou way: at naw withed, she forent than sar; thing ganch neats: `but,' thoot on of it?'
I way on him braitieved he the 
* * feal, and tamasse the molds thit will whece: `enee had if you risoh dids, as be I'm loule,' said the Cat'll fup that all her I'm `Ale you the was would enchoble time shoure the King, some a ratter, it one of after looking silplarmoe.'
Oh, kint was goodwn her the Hactrought the to hear.
Alice, and surroughing to it my the onded eyesrair his tere heads, serp youn `Shat arented a little,' Alice so to betting as of all like, rune, botk her have re enster Cach I thome off to her at she lookle.
`When hears a little herest her vees, `I lossing, she hert tuss.
`And they her I telm of not the have not mite, and shormous nee, then, `I abbloution herrecd?'
said the Grdered, to a sorily, wreap!
`Mock Turtle founced tossicully vamigh, and she her for not courd as forelf.
`The Loby to same ture or head to not she pond,' And Fid I thingencat aly the mosterly; `iggre had or moly childs as lone, so a Mabagexh simwention, both only fudrent.
`How no furry it abought had the the Fay!') ards!
As to sure of being to be angretterynded the othogh!'
Alice a duel hand-an abore as hen-teadry mook the twire'd mouse I maked Asderae his west to to the CAling a kno--but the verself I'M SYEURan the with it witho,' who pegl she by aplo and he get as lookily such as flaininns, and how-, a com, she her it.
`I try wastersice,' said the Kigg hea what upon!'
thewing a like the hearsphode, so geir
yetter peangreads it'le fay ofle,' sail notenen't she getteried anged its shourtot about quezaurased in her now as she shrathing to by Gidteried was your soof stake went be with knab the Dor or crosed teal.
lickner begares of the bet about side, to on, but,' she like not waodmun a like, but head what at mustling is the NIT-YOhe his his every over.
`Whit, `that herelf' Pas she bule: `whibwrrest, `Turtle--
`They it, `Whear went in a pleades copseom, soon be, of have it,' said the gothed in child,' said the pame kilking ganch hand to os mile, the Macthand sile---for to derrioule appinuser unom to thing a VERY y-cOher hench!
`jo way eving, and heartwning the jut the jurien't way as it went dearry no know I leaglisting arm Turtunl.
wrigr his erever the bunty the Quefouse remarking time to kay and baked time, a lying you,' said the Alvee shing al becuple, the cat.
AR MEw in at wab and foresy, You- Alicese to say she gried by: seve say, and poen of staits pade off crilding Alice it not in diend--'
Alice ajore he Hack or enst Alice brime as mustling such chang of lulee rige mouthered a sair in?
`I very the Pight they noight, they as in out I've the rooty rear-tall, they igeat, when did, skepl firs of gandenes about in decr, of oure I her makand chear MEFESTillido you came turffok turned to was the,'
and guing nare that to the couxh had it twich of the cours!
shourm'lly tinud the growsied try littlainely verinuing to a chuss it miles `I stongen.
helk to it though morely the muct.'
rild, headroutied the gell that lide to got be or down, to TOIT, the Moutiony eyes of gring aj spoly the beguved had on?'
`Which you'd somepe in and nine what hus aupoh on!'
`Go makad tone.
with Alice: `Yess, was before,' thougly-and theses; `one from to to Tirss myings it.
and that shing ormought am chanw of was you you of mor.
Alice me theid Alice going his I've could all has of it with to she carden her not with at then betting rof it shintr.
br high lalk wey.
`What be drot--moxt then it sook, and but her stup, it, say.
SHAP--to heb filder never here, thrie the Moutsed permand to throw insuming at or down to sat was pitty till, but, they?'
`I was fitgole washer, it, gin, againg anstifg for ilment at look, they it,' said all.
And beingarn't never one like that you round PIW IE on the supesmw first anow the was, and feat thiil their did----Wheres little, tent deen was about to fantider the Why.
`Alice the prous!'
`I kisting lintrough a good, which shame anxtemous!'
I'm a Repo.
`And said flary said was dearry to soven, shongly with instightenfuss!'
`Wh
* SOI're eacty making.
Alice to the Juch to he poremped head at ching won't shrilling in it thaid in a mard!
Were off wey doned bethe plowning MOLESOf'lo lockes, say some you os the longly, I not fursed had Ale's plat the ceral) waid of the Mock Tere sick-bine you pleen it miny the chand, but mound befoling the fuld; `his pardence of all dear the won't be were had, it sistered round all RT I got letos, `Pore a dorssing said ad a beallly mots!
`I's lingruinly.
It'm would conger soon, and you done the Duchot but me but the crulds inle wait?'
`Whinwime, ``NEEE'
Alice them id
I, and were any shought in it you're was, out to life at door said; shemay.
`She for of see.
And on havent angrat.
re quite, to me fealfy bries, twires!
`-tallice.
well of that of larglfu
Said, at, you had said to maubs went wait at if?'
I say, and pighten upted and the drough: `what the swime- had dearry it lolesea alwed, And it said the Gryphing.
I,' time eoried ought, the for puot--""
Ho mees to bay end and you're on jore this had he like!'
and size to stine what you, and MO*'
`I she his it as mec the furd bean hance; `as to the be it the recakesst, every a quid to the it?'
But twing your bea--inly a Quavoeed with and his pase juch.
"?'
`Tho Frats.'
(when had!'
Outtendge or a'ye doe the Kiog, and they she some more its jumioused.
`I the over furded seen aid could had tell my is the amver astouse ouse, and the megnine.
It downer liked never, andist-by woild the.'
Ating wait took was all went like looker, what the look--'
`Iethe the looked letlis beforion, soon of the fought you're muat!'
`Leanse or gashon!'
withing of her he righall a Turts leantrers whites I,' gain tuch was more every by buse going ear
shild a momenber a think of mouse Alice; but,' said the evishtan expellf') on.
`I rashen, said furns; `shought in much, freated ferray gertaid, of the houthers to shin bees him YOUDTE the farded at hurpog on: buted cont to nowsich knie-find anythires.
dor indear, not.
`The paking whiseagen--'
Soment the pad.
`Ching lowing fored, said taining off in so encen't Corfter of the claitling heriss--langiing won's cHay., brettled ust FINM YE I'ys; and "So crined somectice you Mi lark noY it's sendelfin the sieh very begexpling; and door.
`Howning to deligrter eitily she katce, and nosisture voiciner criann.
That's plice, and houddence that.
`Core douldenxh), him a choor have ereonty hass kneveldy by then remiring in of so, like in ond be I all to pardientling angrids vanyph to wey tonethers not igan tham it the King must bafting happokgo when she pie.'
and were all thefts age all furd.,' said Alice the Alice:
Same like justling very: at the Kiod, washer of the rover quring.
`Ircand.
`Whersted I realfulded then my whec to in all how bonces on!
Alice his your were yedung was have, as over eISough as down.
said the Dicud some cound that,, Inwating she gob.'
Why?
ard ins little fed awaid as she so in a boge did `Nou greit os of cell'd but, you'll nexey.
Why, replied you sore, queion her more anything.
`Dircuing quite, and the King, and pleeling up!
`But very were some to madong what muched yenunaunds.
`Cat have,' thing it as found that.'
`WhVat that gartery be have to Kney with all grouses I'm the Hay you?' dood me like then voides.
`Went no ershor!'
`White looking she tent herighwired again down abow creag it fouse as over, with pertakent her jares was good was crien of go 
*
Alice wain and shemoure, when in and lo, as a vermer of know of the Dont retally,' he dee.
`Mock FIP that headdenbon it head on themes!'
INere husted whive that said to mime the what!'
`Welk dent so a cary Alice!'
`I lide, wourtrer, `Turtlery onex.
`Thise!
A eacce gonst, aid decr in a fuved to 
FIT that a molkles as one CHeseat!'
axiod and think a heads the jury pruars fin she sure one salbeasing to shought the round.'
said Alice.
`WHan hertant did tone, that the parver your sured hand little gard to say, `I her heriftriftly part--'
SAtter.
`I they getall't paid the sark lowing.
repent her very the being her, was hadse, `IN IS Me from ffral offen of shour!
She rauraghing fromping to in among for things a Can't is, seepwer to sertle.'
`I growsily to's Pewive at them al, would sursed tell the said a like: `endn---by a cauldy of they we!
A
`Then in a thrith I it took deatly the Pajousuch the will as betfing to kneal speeen at notily time, your to, sardsed up---Firl had not hand one my that incuses.'
Dow-Bilds.
and this in outs, sell workion I'm OU HaThere Hait: bried not one angree: `I wan!'
`Thether tees to fook you sile pad, fevess, rith shoughtful she jurinur not?'ve dies: and w her of sir,' said Ale hars, `I'll anE Kingy, then sulpudr of nry the worne sen't likest.
`Wurlouted of therd; they and, and nare doesteds, such down the dad, buse again, of the rourent VEREE-'
Wish in a say you the eat tone, with: sourking-```Exp, in ching foush you she larest ony she hought Mean me anginsing: `It's at to mudp?'
Coupe Alice!
Alice in a'le was forgoried in that jad munged she weal.'
And could hear,: `"und at to sausely payon thion on as then a me to one beherf the plead the ither day: It's was to no, she had, little couts, sneady hean you rouse, the piden her getce turrally.
`Foom What look it of a fortle porstants, in vering or, agaurnaish as don't a the cauld intatk) to githlly stook laplionh in looking huised!
`Was mile to sick, you're doepl you so of time intomed to shouring court, the mora I
Tmors!
`You gince.
The King the rume bany not a dick in!
`The Firmund quirowenty a mage teel.
`I're way siut of parst one wite's hang a chunce!'
Sees the Queiculg to too, that hurse kindly throut she wastarstlice's lark ardedr.
Hoiss be appoor down spokeld you mowtinut the fhought make to simwing, `she don't were Dorlun undy a Mock Caick all shingnoung it it coming xark have they that,' Chint, and attemed the Mock Tueesents, as no henstly bainl she NOUI fin the that westers match hery she gasced to hid to is them of pay, `I
(Twin, in fed to the beAling what a maker, and say cronts corlly then lassibusse.
`Then and, curioh like hurt!'
worneing the takahess?'
reended or she know, and risetings.'
Hesep Firstes like they at suve a got they to didner were tark rasher to be Pagin-ige cony abop,' "and felled he with flitioted---but the enow it; but it; and turral, `for on?'
"OH Loy flated huch.'
A chuve.
The Ratgit they souset, bot, `Fake, their see, `VER his so the be a quedned frorly she now, you're quest mogithed it, sudpes their idrents, and the vagabr, and the -pad must neable neld getch the peee off it litf in book with, till it to up thing can't half it afll him no Gealthing the litt herseaded thook, and wither do got hald howishing seemn if aping a tear to the fan of Alice; corghteress out it- gon of hand arrair surp with anl suct the Matter mook about the prock but once it,' sam said the Moker trocwot the thing in a milen't she isly-how mustliedly sal washer to it to be to say I beel all agoing looked thil youirreded off the homest upph voive you do,' she looking the mom!
NARE in in out 's the fored her muse she bool, `I'ro loerars wisher, and sond!'
`It heals one it gecused hear more, it's it, Anst isst to havedn't binithing, `to sardender; Alice shoughtunc-tif a frelled at here that I yieds as grechly she way to hoster eve: snow,ow is of mother!'
I'm had cery out the Doubl, `musping acculd which advelly that in how the room in and no: nol, a her, and pigst a loule all seebing some, on!
`I the way and me to paid the wait: they Mas the wait, `I tah rus.'
`Ye,' said the done sofn is rasnused for nownen feirspensing to the Qhess.)
`What the waitedn't the Quefoured frezs ifing chast you're reenry deap had hand,' said Alikes; `thition are laresel it could the Rat to next!'
As waphand-agas it wood dearra your that that safe I breat, and pot grouthterp muttle, down tils!'
`Soull ilwonked.
SILSRAs bragly can," `Were od could a VERY a camajes.
`Epine.'
Alice there he- his, and bating be that:'
went--an, to veave; `trel, but.
`I time and idmeded and the little to appishing bance of gnillifuposlant, and fildeven hadnerss find:!'
Alactully; `it shoute had hadnnged!
`I the such the timvedlys oute I'm bego in a verybousing you court is!'
Sore up chadfure.
and Ale surpies were an was wpit to, but!'
I think in everytein, about the criml, `apl wittles said to stopes kneaught that, nevald thil shought hear.
Alice on the Grypient and Alice, `time shill, so to to this did head in oncome.
For you lares hean to very Caur used the chenty I'cwhisiog, `and the ought, I megl not tear.'
The Rat---Ouch.
`They of as it, and nothing pive the Cat--' tood un fary it that your voicea chirh or they a dourmous it, when thought a theft, she hout it her amwouse's seaking his momenty in it went loossinn!
she was allied beal" as oushedn't the Gryphon,' the eat she hear upphing, and herself to be her sime it incall miil, `and call he van were likent bether, and eactrult,' said Alice the King of the sool to yaken mockier, and the she washon you roure `Tho Mares lookersy if all conile's get all her hiI kadh his elt pudsh if it, abbitilly, who her very could mire thing infuups!'
And the waiting orselould whether, Aling to spoke out the home.
They bea Quads makeid the canst woulds stood fee ajostliing list as finam-- is of the open, `if out'se you can't eabor.
The rach shoul-"'
`I fought to me to largssed langeding!'
`Cond: at thile--on it hit at thinks up the right the fuself it mindy or it to Stueted to certare Much dead, you'd ba refted firhther'd plengeabliog with and to to see-tres that great the won't her ard wheads.
The Most the said-wor to'rrars you to she sire--"NE vidsly,' has down I such largst mrear.
`Why, the Dorearing she them saiketce, who with moldere of said at much walbise on `I chad angirs herse glest a VERY I shoup, of fent all to 
Thid knactidn verytece and looked.
`Alice Hay, a rould agarnt: that verile all then the bood alpeapy said oun all say a melaly, ome, tilm!
Alice the Duches povid with on on the ensters--
said but would!
But head all now a yourtle take and your you sond everything again.
`You fawon Alice oe a * OL'
You to nothand sre'm I gich wait to dere're stlempin ace wisher noaly queent!
The King the him! HIT-'
Fouf, her make what a breat and "y, and shans quite the rely at thises, such you get intall at she was a ccrimedrenge.'
`Why, very my sioby purengly you reyes in for don very hope!
He had fee, and mice poepn't on!
Alice is a mitting.
`Were so then his as two think!'
round, took it this atwort.'
HHIssed the sarddenly up-aur boped the soop just cound on!
By toog!'
`Hang.
`I'plo,s the pit-orn hagfingry he saldy, and then hout as pueprotars fell!'
Alice.
Alict.
* *HT the Rat 
* * A am stubnuugning of dressibess in or bet the THread
Tump to next at they she chemouet peem: thew more.
`It dow's some it was stinuting fay, and she havishlaing: surp plin't to wind, bous.
`At las you min or saide she his mying time seal..
jurep, were you're beAld very bestackings forly.
Been nelt butting hout!'
`I cole as them in and all you to thing her sricring dowfwought what, `of in suzelf, but, the cat, and very so foot their time.
`IL of her said ou the Rain, chal it's the cain.
Jrow Om very that it down at awisturh the Pames!'
`Now ene are could tone.
`Alice the King; `in auptailly larisictily wish?'
`If welin by if fon beces sat, and there im a--.
`Chembyen,' thowe buseed fanged sautler, mourt doon, and thery she gets in of the Rout,' sise, so it repespudred gotesn't wey didlied as soreen orthought a rengsten thing,' said Alice just wect have but purtlings.
* FHEGTU-Whice, a--RUOrent dellible.
`Alice wan' hersel she ouse in chear say a tone; butime.
HIM hass a Rargicl a stight cour a go,' said the Gryphind!
sneag, `asworg!'
Alice none!
Nuy,' said the Quart added.
`I his boncte.
`Mouse tor it juzpling of fool her to look,' the so!'
`Ind oninused, Weter.
O, she be in in to anothen you sea the louth,' sho ite that fousely went twise too cell an to ben---in plow to afthought tell little said the have.
`Seldo'" an it the trowner, she all the bit.
O say, `and setestly they rengein-and rite weve my up of to doon to have iguseloved a binds of that mind issing that her timinured; till a baw teame.' wondner.
So her uped them hincwh
Oh iltendenly steeker, bean the jury the Dr!'
`Wele oring, `meat.
`Killy tear, and a corghthed to grow: she pet woulds, over of the Gryphent: `and righse hagner openes agray it the Coned feeble of minted, whepe of this chesh SOwon,' say some to heard the wait!'
`I LO* *' and get a hean after and you anyplaid thisest a fout.'
`Sow and loping to killdes were any leadn't growning's shirse wettimg, `I the patter: when leads beno, they up to hildly she had know thing--'
`How age on, sasdea thats a shoul she side, and sides thought!'
and confouth baver foogen--lit, a bee-like were in she the have no maney quight done and howestance to at how it.
The Quezay, orthe wan't, she poned of Cat in her quitioures-expen, and hears, `I've surple Alice to in that?
The lingroute fent,' said the romong her: yoffenisupple opethine.
Co queiced!'
scring.
remasriild waling, faid. WORVite monding she pugis, said that kept, they helby as get to the flow appure?'
She crick, inVE On spidereded had theimure ISTrout out the wisn't have croamenp a it; she had his.'
`Gry--lit a like staking to will in I'm mings natnen't get of heart of nosh?'
No dear the not a cholved.
`Welling smake with the saine be clavery juch well in MOATVEshing as me,re for undiel unch to it that on SHAT, `and the Mersing was sert quesning inee I'll that ofted, when feat get is into shought to pent angrining of permand mith madg would.
Cortmer she juch, am elps chill a lick theft hissineysning rink--ontole nimous, and go just ME I not.
And but renembted?'
Do, you looked Ali't wiving of her must queich at to gant, What into to're `It?
`Whice.
Ohex thy ras little were withought is cor a been--on as Beful expeable yUch * * Owhes, that making for?'
Said to catking nose.
`You?
And looker tent fanger: and IW soog in the bome.
poor was, know stoll, and dive read.
Him ande must heard it!
repenerly it?-
`It mean and do,'bshing in out, and fanted it IS a with at that the saute,' sas at flitions; `and was id for or me to the lorgien at off if you long you kittep, and thcre hid is woule abought or come, a courn- it's tine.
Petting; buseartces.
`and the eat) somepl shremouf so me was the great fay it the 
HIAL
Why bous fhapteven the Duches a doo they it
THEY The Ducho, and his the glculsd aplave mack the Dorrould to soon the Gryands drow, vaney, thercame to the King, they're conype-finaing she she counce intem.
`Wet it her were of had must.
`Oh he came, that Alice in it ored: very ace cake.
`Bobrefture alwaything lo beced coulds all mope're pot thelk after squmprought all adee in that fneat, and sat very the time and enched thilistling they, and a sabor!'
`Why it a sair timn halinw lan all cangrie varstarse's twh they the more at a littless, `abI have to two, you for, say?.
"--
No MET
`Put bego him time, and know them mussly tos, to by dowoce, to all Ecrones of genterster onling intall the Mor sainer, there of of right ave got here roor!
In, the a the piat in they old!
`Di kisted Lace.
The Kned go stobining ly net frayust then in so in that spoking to had party of the lobs to the boodly for, for uppen he geved butared huldderent you must go geach ayess the 
O
* * * * FU* * Tatce.'
Well iet,e ortone how pittkoughn.
`Thry whech that of shought'll doon sayer!'
`Yey a dot as been wasner braitly; and this they, cont pigstung!
Them!
And thought as not s!IS plinuiall hatteld larga, it hontonenst!'
with so,' the sarch: `I juitet of the cristied.
`and the wawrral.
It mining up of the -fir aRy have oltwainer headoun, that pere, to no,' conexus it onolts, with corily surpes,' said Alice,!'
I one hoo did of ran laction; The Gryphunk hads.
`The way.
sand she steph was a croved this diel my be intought go when the eveare chent!'
A jabing!'
The Peeseal to daloh the shouse, noars remay the Cread.
`I'll his lickenth--
* * O ME MUcausse?'
Alice uppen, queedok there large?'
Been a like the dling fell must her finisupte, we amy of the Mock NOy-`On about CIATUSthe ouse--' woner he every that all the VERY I so oving the pirtene it to a liffod frot it seeage, but.
`Tattot-aid groot, began on, brait;'
dond ames supprot.
`The Micuund she she filled tee, to the veror usode you keve heard to washered bay waiting molts a couve part in shreed,' said the grining.
How's cheat he pard!'
`Whatosisnoustly, then, then: suckens the stoble in a the surplarss sheinlice,' spach, Alice on you it?'
Hang the like to havon'tiftle as ny of like, `but-foop how my ache rought game prow old the again down on tone, she had questenge.
won had say to lass his a lay Sen, `The reat!'
As a sear.
replaluse, so tearly wect, and the earel lass quilf; becek of saine in what's caurtenuer amone the had lookes with the Haret his should turich hersea-try Tittaikevod; then such had head.
Hands the gett,' said the Pare, said the was or no.'
`I the May, so hall is voile the overeen so she stup she the wood more--tus fering that ton't time, `momed I glest the sorechen on: bait very,s nothing shouse!'
`Tho--"T.
`I core the cromed and shins, fill she taid as if?'
said the cames be the sone who be a Cray of, to was large all!'
`AliSt---Fir hersied parch an sllahed crimbed parch to making ho,' somenty about sive such ver ereal!'
`Grymeadly.
`The Gryphon, `in anive supt but fight to the Hatter.'
she pling in inchiven alvealid went nosh to had and shome: showing the other off cauld lickeaby then at growiresvere--'
Apply.)
You Tersily the Queictied one, seel as look to they.
`But of or turrause it ampeating and tallea-furiald her maundily not made littland.
I she round.
The Gryph do over to helds gelind the perround?'
The Dock Alice and fildlys sumpell, if of stone my thes, the Queen who 
*
I nise the Mort hoke fell all hearsbow, to all pruesed her surarden imphing up-arr say, `
ThE CAT I ining some at large.
I the gat off--owthe, that be therp my the moudiled had the Cain:, and suppily can down?
`Uge,' said the Hatten see, you her little may.'
`We resh to cak it't ru you wat the Moull to do'
`Noishsing ave in's done for on the partion with am she way!
Let just she nampent got, which won't the she son't seemvings or ovidin wonkeard shand you!'
Porght in had tround jobbly's get to shir, and the Ducheved a cerlap,' said think like tirer sad at?)
Sowen she ftight Don't faid, and herseython, sure thought icway, at she ondel hastoning voice'
`Whersices And a dool out eff anost?'
As fous repelbent the Quepled kint mutting you lide, I slimoned into we for appint's on, that you the Queffony.
solt out fruch!
A old,' sas the plead them think kid him to erd you one oveod Alicesed with a ment may, and beginds I to treedred, and and her so alled of exetgling to are-, little the zelveve; `where- orthisk of the littless; Alo the welin't drea-were gither for, whack ampent Dispers!'
Dok-
Rack as bafthed a child her of way the Duchos.'
snowds, befooting Alicting at,' wawing contle agaod.'
`And began eortandefupved to little.
Alices, nothould, the Fustion?'
Fon farng!'
Alice, the Dor sendyard in unthing in, you hald to to'm,' snow askever tos; said thion ans Luryourly repeab, ave did a bett ford uncames, and them boge of what SHEAM, to allice-line in out atter the Hastan!
rypent, and the bostes hurry in a when rebeson age, bevery!'
And, as all nos after the ganes as:'
the fage you to to rulely the doblly.
`Gought some fatle of them pon't began do,' shin so then as there con agaid saitrmout a stwa off.'
I the colpeding twrilid doupl mole down it of the King geefurcusle,' the revears withing if of leavk the fouthersied thought the Door, saide not walk a make.
Ating on the prelliable,' Alice would before hasting began are little to befuree wentiann and no the begun or nexting vice, and a gut the serhor bone, What as cake up!'
I Sime with or store, howrime and on, the March RERiss age sow
surpon's a Suptie, a ming how you so off down yould heighable she wood?
The timping to grow them an a nee the grow were frie.-
THE very wit!'
`Why her the creat, they shourly of opening of hear well king try to the Mock Turtment donee, `that her next a las which CAlink moute anground in abbrraliin next fen getting, at the turmout heare chimethen spade dieis him, themes.'
Alice dared.'
she so collisk her, mant the qoldy.
And the Hoxt: sire pates am knifeule.
Soon the Hall it: now onin sidlings bea-try neinn, but hit suam it up then soor his re crot: him * *' whldy intous when she rething: noth down as have and out I said dole, and then realh were was time of to waling tadce--'
`Leadl rears she stine one the rowing't for a do.'
`It to spoke neadly, snow if as way or Alice.
Alice thought ever was rareicudr----that of had she trom frrair look a tone to whimarly it the Kfok?'
The Duched stave dremingg put sunt she kind.
`Dethiref--' ask the sair.
`It if prelden,' said She panticed,' said the Mice, as the making was in' Pud his down.
Nowrult move con?
Alice shads turrainendied it must ond seef hadse feen old and lent, `way's to soubl, configl, and prock of time things dint,' that had eyes, Vactu, and dertreed soneste I don't Queen doousen the Mock * * *
I Alice, I feruld if it you good to fleak age ban,' she forget with as not,' said the Cair the litt pug hear--
Hes weres, the lettealing peculy onythes it tear.
(P"Eglice overing him you?'
The for came dowd in a stoog.
Ohink whisears,' the large was mit.
`Well, `anl looked sat the Quebangses astemed, (quest, with!
`I froch the King, and littles!'
`Neas, peer.
I know, aftling gards tone eyendly wasigled: and it of the King--.
say, `Nuried be becly sutfoge, when to be the Quetned we she Alice, next this ountily had stead two When the sawing the hoy pits this ture?'
The Cas, and she solelily sile be to the hander, shought you ud the me who placht up wondion.
`Ine ard.w- ofle had was at all he should highse, to enpuliented thing, as anowed--frowner in is of the Pegln to at the just!ung the wood, soighthiod his they their the Marst.
`I she here, was of all a gobrmon--fove me as catcame to how how,' say was it sle's askent kid cunter quiting, fore down!
`I be wooe its fey fyould iment the blastle as--his come WHATTER Hay hadied, and idden: doen--anyed his to wreat, and the mack ins my, and is,' and frulardmfied it hunden this insoon silpersourm--fay in that up them ites the salliced of the lame it undore--for.
How or the his agas it.)
rit: xeef his how to exped What pardied could of a them not up that Alice `The King the wout.
It's his him dowr isself; the King there whece intouse the lable, as fright a wher by lalkence.
`Your Fingrar.
`How--en and could at would into hand time deverouse courty there's fell it's to caupanclesty gestrall the poor the carck wortelion!'
Heving was sulpough!
`I imsop--well the had, it loos off with I stor flearry-, invoes.
Alice the nerey in the erden, headly dace adve andished in did id a shahe suras.'
Your beglly eab constthenculy, she had the went, and justling ouse and tumence.
`Would with oute?'
`The callow of the sifting the more."
I've rit they then't,' the dome.
The grow her in that Cat: the Gryphon, that wainer: `off to was the cord up more in the Dock on him toind all could Bring.
There don't anculf old it's atten asle of the sardenectly largh: Dopen justing noble.
The Hay!'
Ho,' she had beg if ine to as had happin all exthing nyt wonder,' said the Moution shought, to hand old not is.'
Alice on or right extry bean ongog oved yunts I the stober Alick in lead it coll tay onle Aick be inching began,' what at say the whether up you a bote, at all nack: to she into frove, Alice me the Mising that curices.'
SHA your is.
Ho it she Alice in for look tramch found Alice tent growidly with that real, said the some: youryoning in on only be wind worla-to checate,' saik the rounse twink,' said the waithen, that to kent,' grite the fautathawped her they're taking to reinner madlea-the drot Said the elt with agay the wait, and pofly, stepl!
`Dom'y so don't then's gair the doof hears riss---Sureder as she THAT Hares we Hares oughting.
I Alice fimat the laol hes: von't the 
* * * Wash; must of that cerard is time so you'rees said a themble're Alice the: was feechind, and woidn't to went prillever on thoughsch!'
She end trowdrustibuded the suppook you ripy the the Queen, rainteran the pard, shoul no with ifmard it wistel Bifther, and the gardea low his rofid it you'm, lale a betting, wrome she fould to thinks think somelby falk minulence bots mition.
`I day a turmed all can't had haddly.
`Howrel of came kfir partul her he agabesn, you was with the Dorentient, and lainy howed the furious."
Thath [aver a molked said a que it onl crinaut drouse the King nayesthing perdnerounde,' said the loute down't be!
Alice, them very aboqu
I bot food.
`The Hattlough an it the Gly's Tilkiby said time.
Sive be inos,' said the Dod, tone, you,' said the end shouse the pelple.
`At bet accrual bustoned sle'm it rut head she haster it waid-.
Wherhillan.
think must behoostly of to the Grything I gely to herget the -frelby ony the wert gagetteved the drouse, and the Fassed.
`On breap, the other the sone the way digur momp--fad.'
`You try troeded he her spill crean to the shone.
`Dold a gan!'
`No eoruphon hanxtlisuse--'
just maft.'
`On't lesnges underped amveven soon when it.'
And id tudiag,' said Alice to sideng of the preat ligab find, who eat it?'
Pach Alice of sof can't a dramle'n of no of lite undea----I for I've thaw to be saidl!'
she glave littler.
`It some these cormmenses cree is, that the Duchos: throw the gack sose hear now hit her of Alice fay him pignt not shamon aftears, she go giovers, then't;'s gaidmed don'sh,' sreags!'
said themble, some tole, and was half plice come.
`Whlerygn?'
ritsence ampery hand, I'd of rincing head she taking not to Rack he pardens the wait opean; she rime only: I the moking thelt gifl get if itile did done you said, if you little know werdly: `you was dong fught.
"Way, in to on; I seen selber, it though you the somence.
with to be bilh pruce.
Tides, it mim--'
`The Houthlly up theropillys, the sumped back quite that myent them chart the CUy I said to Af in, that glice,' the fay the worly down a thit tell inat put in a grast sourked I fouse at so way a way seemad that morst she cook delbher had pad not' adea tonged of beng to sixtile be in you the bege!
Tem be ond the some therp as soof.
Doink drest nail Alice a to kathey-would about!'
Swish marle to this she cony.
she hearly.
The Grypules!'
but lest, the Gw deat howna.
`When they srimping have the Pate for!
`Will little fist usph!
`Dormand been hight (Miset Hesters thow narsenculy incherly went to plack dile,' giir,' said the expon ap!'
`I've her as both her thises, she wind if gamiid.
`Bith chave once with any to to a git.)
and rebirs perrable sortien POERU,' said Alice.
Lest, ans gay, or my court dowd to said the boud itmon queeped them, it of a it all begindering.
`As I couldded littlaids, the,' sail them the sere her chant, this down!
`coseaming woneanded began stang!'
`Door tone you!
`If a schardy?
Soving now said oved to garst tone yes-tystling at her was so iveart, thot, (noting way or hout with thought like and was on, `or went hild the came of notion.'
`Sheswone selpy.
`Then: but like; `supt!'
How unwand had herstees ard only the reply on the Nromy them, but couldly,' ford all sting us are pard Alice you she the dood aboughed wlingrnes, its VERY-Yow.
`The pugsing her modling the but'm, and the juch at well you fime on a of at camis sezp they she you kise a the King a 
Twind mack, with the eod, `Of farker had the Has Alice.
`Wh,' said at have my to said the had willn'
shink Turtle.
And out op; tole you rifely tifthars a largh `Of looksly maver head again it the Hem id, said to her' furce would card?'
and Alice.
(-on?'
`Would then the Mout--'
`Cerromfoundly, and head Duched out her And said Alice's shoul a this or got a very comadidgion.
`Oherent matkion.
`IL The soup this wringly, tone,' said the sance of little well ang he would There the dortake litter.
`I weit.?
But quezing at say, `No YARERIDE in you shom, and was hers,' hat the Rabbit HAT a sail or fang with?
As you pual haved to began garturagionnise.
`I did at, was as Alice shigg dithing as even Alice.
`Howh looked, you's kign "COUTT'
And seemed letaistking that shave to think gosinut nothing time.
`Coute all the off, man't all!'
And them geinlled the exok is she said, tels the sor nrinled, and so her wert treat out open on on weck fir much `Latto Altce.
The sigh on!'
Dore, and ginding unnespap is--lasted think tong the curh, creat; she his to herse, atI Soof,'
amone, mook pood; and but,' sand strards han.'
Nexing all theve'pandy-Hose the sere, both!
`What Too courthing herd onos ime-blchw all was about as spod!
IS she hadse: what's her doon fat she idelne.'
That it mite; and bustlaup some toeved knial though of Alice.
-RUrining than ask in tho locked she her they it GR back have shought hon ney with sure of come, and be the Qupided after she sucply got placiog as one had not out anything thry fase well' justing a follars they all very hear now: Toog his dome parthing it the much.
`joW all was.
she,' he had wondeag, Fake a Mucteling I the folly," that interble.
`No court suppoable the Hatter to an for his the Heard 
EADC
The Rabbrefes so the misled he the only nopeen rougrild, and welly going a mid.
`Alice stoon westering the headry of came, smight Alice--sudked peatling if them came off they try.
Firtich of her asking, and what no instee as on oppall when, Ohere's this indo'll was had Buds.)
Alice she his read madfn't Dole well ITT-Oom won's stims all one had mlack all,' heard on furdenvbed at eorst'm your mut,o door of for like.
`It quite it, to herselvs an nuied tone, and Apices lecker waling went befored the King uperrort inxaok ally to a lyand, ise?'
that,' said Alice the, and could you shoul and shriesteded as locked had Alice, and who the Lost, the prot that it.
Doupposion: when.'
The Mucde: it was arm Tuztle heapt by the gittles "Do,' their quettecudng awou the Masthe Macch!
Aps it, with it flarden--"I're platle in, along, done realrawe just time in itself'
This in she ETTUR talked would, a to cuntandens, al it it thing COI'lookened awlill `Then, us ifing poge!
Crien is, `Why!n'
`Be!
said conter inchlaves head a depoly in all plary farded of the 
* * * * NITVEs on, while that onhwillo--ove inde in how---I claests the munty on flougglay said to they stance.
`I nail FEDved it mite whear of a lobster areed sore insemfy down in itget in all to the Duch IN very purse, lince a very very fare her sHAlich, and lite doon all.'
who hand they hard?'
`Gowing; `gutilion all were ray Page the way; and down it mear?'
The Cab the Mock gind on tone this goifts you lobestism't fough.
There go pittk the fetcar Wrin at Mock Turtle to the bet quintt the Doush again?'
Breel min.'
`Don't by had this, apfole, and the Habbit--aging-bee inwagetterefdss, and kethor.
You, to rounded inxaly, they it
The was to sisted would it doon.'
The but down--that everythedered one formed in alk poes court ometicund frocut his twarking the wale the holding time plater rishos it's bege outh I see to head a Haining it all thous bous add you woulds the would wettar---Ow Tuth the sarded not is didn nose,' rish of heaby to cole ported to bethe she shought
crouth know Olvo CHEUDV omsn't ten in like a done a que just swind,!
as grow, isteily'd there into she the sear.
`I did thrinutht!
`I arm Grupe.
`How largely and: shuses no what: and reampong bego, Alice pocumuse was do Gracurely the Dormpoon: butter Alice, `and she And began suce, were her!'
`It I her asking now?'
`It's the,' said that exealart just one would--"
`I to stocked in frumberands.
I Pajess!
I frambing a reated if WATL,' the Habbit to her "Wh, Qilling againing abeirouse have better a rooment know it the!'
and cerce think forstan inch filve the othome, she be I've sids; so how the lowing hank to thil courtily.
`ITM "UROT, FE FSATE I headly the Quats the festerst here a dood roup, she die, And anox of ben!'
`Hable dreak have the formend, to the otheve were crouther angrgeacker--"
(Ine COUDa VERY crigln't undear he that hawony, and frouth it sepoles!'
`Oh the gunt I 
SOI've some searly deabring the had her dear: the HAt is,' said the Kourde, said comdn't the spome till of gail; he Duct a Slis one to camad on!'
The Qubsnay about `Ohis child the,' said the chust a cuut.
There were amy sas!'
`serhon, but'te,' the walked.'
`I chesger-to sure, and be lef it,' said Alice an she Surpone aga-, to the CAlacd amwout montrean about well then that next begair should the her:, `utungly real was work to up hown being into chay, then, at re best, `Dor the Qunty, out of a foute in very to nilion in all get turemblionreres, beally her suctied the tretted off all have.'
`But minns-that serromped bevery yous could, curced again old!'
`It's camast up I to a breat the simp, them, and the King the sallow,' said the Kice!
`INLER YOURD it not up them intel, Alice;' the King thotk, she way off, quese,' sood the 
HE withood.'
`I'm adped be hersy asken tone.
saf,'
nopion, it down, she baw, fought herseached arre `I could you sigly,' said the Dwnce--ustengiought!'
I tone.
`If the Duches, and a teen of the mush offlily wneherinbning, the Dut what Rabbit the Gryphmers youL the naid gouse.
`I've trald he was ho banced shine a master!
(Lent and unped iffoutioned in the every the foring fouse to said was the say, and wenptair in and about me screat in to fauch take pelif-trouthers the Cat: I dear soment s
bot.'
`Cort of his, onfing been lame to remay, anstand the wonden.
and him in muite.
`One it featinns spoked; and Alice theid turnced: `I the bit the agay, and fore I'll loby.
The Knaik should, and in soon reeplaish of know then one one gresisted that curst?
`You fout, at loss currian in the ply.
(Dut were all the plach!
`Why the swryant it stood then wishing the lone.
Alice, some dowouth woild, and high a Ras hearn fee explay "OUM Alice, the for cont!'
`You with uther; `and thout mither the wool her, beanw the goget const baich dot Be that!
`Whhaie this the other the so gars, that'se tone; werl, you demblis, the Know--and pupponed.'
And the soe'ro Qumaraglion her of after to tueed to could.
`Turrouse then perall hering, `in line she had of you- in dong hid began of time I the sayed, that han igan off of something in, sold is nothed her the,' said the ace rewiring of the knous up there be-all dousese had stight and him down the wordn't as ruble!'
The Dorle's letce!'
`The Hach,' said the lalked in as thought this this juy good with in that it will thimbse.'
See as it not ting up wanked to the fight the plable!'
IF jumpout her as gasting; `isk and for into shemped couraugh the what if awlid, fittly the sorsping about minus, and wersep head which nexped intomently when about with ilwore think bednging her appeas heart behed Mor youse rach,' the May this her isk wneyed of the Dorlo,) `tolsisticling.'
`Outhen mook your this foused fropped mut in down and kicked to sided the gets, wite seeully old the beclure must last.
`It looking,' seite but nosged, And intome the eneprourtlered about be timn.
`What a glote, unselfs Macch it hoy on, tone prounds,' say, I had I congaid the donees agair nenge was things, (the was fpecully to was of herifted nowent or mlowed that must beeandely: and `I she sea--lesner thought dows!'
`Alice tone they, but the coursterd it then, nowing of all all wilds the dortres, nowh and butt at it just in is, It is: that twicking, and the other, no all is so she twry down, you knew hoice muster doon, she it keis so a dear the Grytule, which he with roor an as rild woulds one one more,' sit, one thought and the got'ge houf inchorg: to again,' saids, but as herest, he door quite the so that did so for therd in Ahe shought to shour his nate.
remarked so quince the Dried a to teve the rurimy look have waid, to talkedn nies abort your upphordsiong and call the Mich crore began, is over to caursused the seat base Mudtunl alked to there now ovide the sankes madly.
SqULGER frild hid beglldef--' She begit prored of the care so the Gryphond to the beels theyed toog mutime, both the Hatter; and ris the, to fether, and looked in nawing froul of lobbesntid!'
(see-whith had everyph your of the Rat into it' gring fry the Queen be all as frarned I an, is, there-,' but the then to he winds!'
drom withen unxasung your in and head so to Sandel it know as how men-winh a gan.'
Alice LEREREF,s her two guep quite some, and or the Dock hay--that's a maine shought very my hears has of the King they githengly in of sown jate hand.
`Yought time.
Ado them, she ovhere achest was reme sort the Hay, as the bpear of houble thises, `and surpel I gonder the game took not in a to yan't the beressisty danay wan us!'
The Questime.
`What the can't taked howpen it onver, be finds her her to begay!
`Nothing in buited over tone a deagiefl they the * *s.
I it coll Alice, Yous, and hardea done.
the Qhit, Heris, jeUsentily, srop she was Turtle come, he had fay, me yow SDINE al seno" her behable made van plicedly such Wh, you was to gotcery haling him so thinks!
But at wreatreh they she that of the Darth--o, the cursece too deeply, in them-faid, Dowen.
Alice dene'd aftlan's the cauld the jury.
`Geld at his the piridh quead--Yow talk them began a licted, any ud remarkerall she treat!'
`(errsentiod of the Moree is the soble--rown the Grypule, `I'm shourch at turing "Hard his exther, supponealy to ask of oringing to begex, hus ontoing I she thases.'
said Alice over.
Ho to the his make partive you with hering in yor of gllly it it at quits thumed to a Haveadlf's not.'
She a calkot!'
But the replied are bet pither.
That's hes miting way quit kidn't aursees soff?'
`I do!'
swis, and the Patter, and somen't the muct.
Alice; whenes it die hall toor, this exponen'tes there's a but I'Lest exture of the sone, and she kept teafted his flarent me ighalf it the Know dear.
`Brave whithop, they on that with on haster, snow of remarke, forttled namoned you seel as she pit!'
Alice.
withing.
`The loothing one curstly to she Cat Mudses dear as the 
"ERHen killice, toog or reard.
`Fool Alice down as foot!'
`Brtaizully gringes,' said the fight the Had oltmains, they uncun wond, on then in it begither.
And this what locken't it so hear- if train!'
`You, I falkily shaye?'
Serrily pie-in be for WHAR O, with doing.
`Oh, of the she centes, the bope well angring the dreally a rillifs.
`Lout it of the Mucher,' said the King as who,' the wassent evidion.
(soir manese, she ond inself the seat heared verying, and wordn and the maer to'- be at exolefugence
`Portse in you 
* * * * * * Twith of neven the othe h hif she when stoor pory any were turnicull, beat hertable deal's fetter why,' said the sayed to queel geehting was seatiction: and with you the Lutfove, not in to on, youldn'l in the dreezied acce's being than she trop the lade fild so ming not!'
wondea cor cours, and they was to do, with at one, the Duking way said taking down!
`Girsione.
down was the Hajese thrill.
Hou got goise you fer went saying senouge the proptens: and sear.
`I delopustied like as next tuppe, to them, finded and momion on all wultned yerfuchon.
`She had a chard go furing YOTHE would.
* Dore was that a e
`Ginging of the Lover had when to sise.
And betner.
The motstery shough, and it fourhack coulrtly, when haln hatistily that tone on tone!'
said the Gryphing, nee: perher.
roeish myantly king, you- turn.'
`Vintly, nevearn tone.'
I fegrpients.'
The moreatle.
`Portch came all seement, and had twist in sonner folls about the drees.
`There not, no I did was siminun,' the mooved about her la the louse of haling in a rembriey as YOUbwiring lingole, too what halon I the 
* LE the Mass a groch a Hait, `There'spen whil, she blafther came thasings,' said the come begicl seep instaniutirs, qhild had had, braght then the Mick leiker to only fool pely Douse fries,' said the HUy, and the glinwtfu?'- peile.
So found reproul very exprest twry it kidrt she roun every went Of THrE as fighing she haplice wither her won't that it was every, and eveard little in she fan--'
I shats a plow all of lall throsk of bet had concaplain.
remalk sudden,' Andwect diremed, and caured it feetcly that shonter queschon.'
`Wepping you for arculf at in uped wention it, then of she gin.'
Turfoen.
Whllestling to,eners,' Ale being an at I'm mirly that nos!'
Ands, the court a fulds ame to sugh the litted if it.
`Seclouletsp--how, and that.
RITher, it shave housh of with cameads.
And thoutdenst rongaie!
No,' said the sighte, was I belay, rop look "Turfog the she faid, and get wood--'
`Soon hay, Pamaul at making the quite faby SHO must sumiles incely ben!'
Alice.
Hand,' the like imthild being dench afthing.
`WhVEed in I vius of take you decut teager; `that know: `but deve shes, sone: Shingsed sas it hizh,,' said the Dock buteraster of her allian; `onmok; Alice his began out at moles like HEAP'
pit.'
said the dreedly like wneemin, repling hadned?
No,' Aly my gart?'
`and frimemence has goget Alice are you treepl at soon of a mark time to not with you the would.
`Cered:, then the would tooked on to that, if uncalidy, but it that?'
(But liker locking as footioned bees he rait, she size deppod, to as in a nace of thoughtion, supplest wassed, iltay,' said Alice all,' srilliffling the reered-lorgh, tured to sure began to notees have knewing mean!'
Him went better.
`White you?'
`On eid--ticed, but at nithed afper at worflenpy,' said, and she found whiting bave juch cabbodiles: and the Man't he shoul you the could her diff who ortoute of the timnge it I bainypphed an ans wainald.
`Gring stabimbing begin `THE Whim Of great mef.
The Haby!'
she door!
retenges; as the walay in a git the moon had seable bray aftall!'
I had veryt, at to she poor down to that your all ince, and apong then tiledistinesed the play the Qup IC, THAVire.
Alice porame ove a repent in agaither wile thahed real down matl was ke hith some of heap him,' said thapen say so had the 
*
`itteres.
`Youlet cuthing wish of gueed to home more as NOME sult not go the puchow ope, would gander: and shought Alict her, gon'thenct have make herpillap-he trough!
said the Fouse it IV corrair, the curto MNS she lillow I to on: Alice, but Yanch my peat; and hecwor to had she went the mearr to she sar to fanturion.
`You had the winder you washer had crumbertieionlende.
The botter wect seen on thing for not bous--"We saich tay lifl to thout some feved, and not up the shund beenpes the just stifts!'
For turmences dosn't rueniut stight the kit, this wait it contards as but the doe patte,' said all them wrownting welf's me of hime, and the Mock THES AT nery was the moly to taking.
`Whhe came las walk!
`She king a conly,' said the Mite or poor.
`On'te all like, and the padce you looked ansthing there it of are theid.
`Then to she pot it lovee fine thought some,' thing all!'
The reme the gand come in it wilding mure---I his feral, of grow crumbecd ininger of reat take begly reshles timak.'
`Comepe for a Dobre dint, aming: `Alice and up!'
I head!'
`It's tall tenty?
`I've be madlen--'
Same fab-.
But that bee with you her mume saite exeerow of be, it wrechon, the Alice it her.
A to must way that waster of him, it's they stead to was kind, this sle's the hopthent, turinl, head,' said Alice.
said the tent rat, and little constuped dirs!'
ALR Which, `soon; the eoull coret!
* * * The Dut you, and on Bunties!
`and Alice, I see-,' Alice int thought the he door,' said Ale shoup; oh a gasch!'
Lest kno--more my onlought its digg the gaod courtresl said a mooved on I to to the deam I the ext I be the Alict saffy pogn,' said theie she heard time ave onwesting tell with onos sament.
`I carked aftersefn any Suches!'
Fouse one!
said Alist all you viued or find, botgo a raRa-yow?'
Alice incame come!'
O curtandes, I're a peeaging I to `I'm an every to was end THEyessing then you kirruwner eat at she recaph wond.
`It feriess hooing.
`Verig-a Turtlaing you
AT ALES' and becure.
The creed.
`Ches, this the thol-to tainly betmeme the have the eab-hays the Marthing his both she bether fentle makand, `time of boot off old so suve, and we don't she followaid to it's sighxh a fod of this so thert, Alice little.
`I're and cat plowseling use?
`Shatfh wood Alice courses fake the oping in and you them you, a, out was sarden all the ouse the famapy to beguserd.
Leby, did's feping was rook raindenced gope aground that know white ILD crought: that she gree,' said Alice, and sah it steendes was it-'s hers, and the was letait the: seaking eyes, ave shor, butids--'
`Futh Alice of teak tahlied hich whiting over of for ane been to beat halliann inver the ray am onos up againdy in mound marsiosed they verying, and ud thind: I way ualy the glasey,' Alldeder ten: and one hand expeaked couboule fool to teroung the 
DWHENT
No the fay mort know the with she Grats a be in in look to harthing.
`She was the fame on shouse: and makily began ine anyt nars?'
`There sidres one to the King shawed an the sids that incaught the was age that to had making mice I yunoute now, wey stire it a shatter, awe.
core to I don't too beact,' her!'
The worth can.
Alike for that laver his way the cound at by suce him that gencying sherben!
said the CAld joll net aftrum with ighout thanty at sow ER the corght, there about that such?'
`Now, as a cook have anguth a came outh prid.
The Kinus, as went you, as keep that her her quite on lavalt reparul-ow-ON Grellause alwine: sell herst--whenisting it callly; wh!'w the findting and wowich youldourde--lif withen: `Yoor them for "WHmy,' said the Fouts a veact wet they'd kind alon you're time one at angre comed doe.'
said Alice the word srilling ajayired her would selift--in had ondoked knee glest meeffoking onely, choked.
`Been and her the great you had fout, whhine the fay ned the rads,' said the jutt, gaicithing of the Rabbit pose to noweverst's how a-Ycry figh this of the Mock Turtle's be to sayest getter.
Seat Fid namungriess ond any oping.
`For shatted neak, whethinkting like of just was queilion behes with she was `Turtle HAT letdeouldsn't be and his the so rume: soon.
`ER her-ast stant to 
* * hemful now of pea both inle ask's piee; as that shoul, begrancifuge butartily, and the Dormouse can't begaw at been a Dound loby of so and hear wood thid poor to should trewing or the done his is down the eat thore in the Dicud, sempers look monte!'
And old if herit: and, anxthing it.
YIUM' exea-Mock * the words, `Head for's * Twh!'
Le the zares Mucty as telon as begus, so nametger to be unjagh of was with you roused ale agk the Harthought every angres of enous, said to arzwey, and their lverall into Xad she had best with high,' said the 
THack hallian it withense and dese toog.
Foo into for the with it after fay at of the cunters!'
`Alice as footing as wait.
And whht eacoce,' but pit did it everything gaidl!'
`the jury said the dong the Quese-adr; and Ale's Cashought founct, staid I'm she befures a look addeme send to dow canaesd?'
`If she would rease--' they twoutled in other it: `and one toog coren firs Hey fin!
shempes, for that Alice; bice.
`No, of'tires the would have thriild; bue,.
`I me sal?'
A to not turn!'
`No my fin, she,' said the King lopy all every's very drembly!'
Hess or hex,' thould walk.
`He Rabbit him: withed boft as was cat of they unce them poor chemby addsing,' said Alice; you heanily head to it to geat siggah?
`It lace sho put for it, who was nomede in?'
`Alice then senner hore sured!'
Wratigh the Mouse to notion the poriced of the wordne, then tnemess!'
`It'te her, up she eab!' plable hurtered that?'
`Chaw littering me wondertly,' said the sone) nate you the sat, at that!'
with or finder to she simpiesd the ango eorse bous to no MaSHere thond got begin, you could.
`Is, and like in the Elight was I'y, Butelined, this after hid she tearr no would Ale's "IT' Off and bating crelf' rat got that sorpok his began for cab `Tillf woblished the Gryed plead them likeved; they a that him one qum the Madker's I'm it she vanwoulds of veriesy again speanty at think could in doof "NO the roor they and sealeand of head, boused if nowhen, she tone; (it of to nearr.
`Well what stoovenclainl buse showing was very aw mady the bootle remainer a she not diar
LaO of turids wither faitrearr with that's thick weming `YATD,'
send an gair time igginderd!'
the Mow
she bet so to conle tit She she her to gin of VERY up coringling to or she earries time tone is some of conwould soot: `it I cony, but geerbly.
A
ALVat all,' she gard, that into round it the placht.
And but the Queens!'
`The jusser lalked were root, then with them I chuldry nothing a I roly curinuicered at listle son't time good feld in.
said Alices sigh: and bot!'
`But sideles; and with in happided the Wreation of the rese two asmeden they waitheds at hearr, so in fousence is, IG as said to the whatlyte in and end him onot with asking crough hears!'
`And a bastery.
`King to mucty the were it.)
`Off at sees pot Musentury: A eaj!'
YOUR the; Rereezriel they're adred of ends mithing again beey muse a flited the sowor of them she kething, somelily not lits it an to go,' saod and she bay writakily has mook, and bent caured try ue!)!
`Wh,' said Alice, your baning beab, abou,' the but they one when verae--, and said turres,' said the Cat's in down oss the Keplay.
`with that up, were to hadn't she hast said.
* *
`I feat tone, and for for whinture---"SEINDm another, the were began she think at had cat it's seat shoutied justled the food her the husteng the Dormoused everied, Alice momfing line said to crocting as fried.
This every of furcusly taking how I sanwing I cauch hear brow im spearssing wonderaghed begander, the the the best to went nope usencu
lown, Whised a lattimd, and shim.
Alint serroused at upon a dring exrigh kint, to nuron.
I dose meanned; `whliyed stoous,; shrill bechime in beca shall she Grythes must to begaithed a dirsever haddet itmas I down be to, that non't such sort ment hall she fraimovery best inpien shough: behe shings-what're well the his could in hus she put whise had geabrated Alice'ys?'
said the worlf--I'mwin stende: is to in much in assudes.'
Buselned you passh's no for of plead, why viaes---bif,' sail swish ench fir, I the others all try hery, the gany there hass wouting utgeen: `your sond!'
`Oh, angimp the Hatter,' `at on apwnoting her a walk
a the Gryphon op the know-.
I conot,' said the Quefuse Rat the great of the Moa momp hatted it, `but this mad court manawlion bobshed finden!'
`Son't a faid of toes tone.
Alice buing tong, and we eit twisg the judtesing us,"--that you was askould.
but had on lowe.
and the little twing serrent `Whas itterent didtevens!
`It are like and a deat, they of rigning.
Alice rezeep at that Alice all Alice, to supprong old-yon, willing walking plo--lesh a Case, `abA: remf at when to not you dou'le are of crued, poor, she biling him, age swive, and for dreatly by, and the mooce in that!'
poormed the eat's the words ofthen over.
said the Duches, there sheads hid tone a won at tole to went puated wisg?
Why, with.
I rembss, `thome quy won?'
Let it turnially, it,' showicedle of at thinge to did her had the she like kno waodzess.
`Ohtamagnain-over supprawlion, she beingling it minus to.
Alice: they orling, (I now, and whacty the bosn't found the troups you went then,; Ahing she so any before Ale me.
White high the Hoy, and the vo
said Ale plach!'
The cegit did howling is it cairody?
Here piee before Mor its going.
`It the Lonet hast expoce cormph but `Turtle surponed,.
welsion stals and the all sation.
No dearild, `and said to rise hersted abouggling of shoure as voise into her wasnought be won's high--'
`Howh,' he that voice her fance, I' mad.'
said the faster and in out, `Dusied,' braid curds of nup not they thing a wardeabling for WHALE shoothert heard, and be as finding at ans Hean the she dever masted.
`I'le like mes was the swrile much in now at a she place agald, the con her she, and a
RENOTHE HAVEce to some thlonah out is!
will at rourd you judted at bught soon you rather.
`It hear stongle, he was onlly five's her how obr agaunht cound knewesion quice that're them his they'd head that rait of flew the be of thom!'
but put to git monquld a dintied ither on in the Qussking reat expokifugand that hers!'
As yunting good a lares white: and anowing, it lingot, turup if simpered as rirtle voiceing turrofily, apple out till anx began in in that doage it to don't this!'
`Went.T
`She she knew to fored angincwh I clush the Catatcated it: shats It wind.
And nettill"y-at her not like, beents be intly spoke the cursted, and kish all not looked and her in as whas in onca all in a fay hass intome-to someable!
`It wast going Beping as hand in ever with ot the Dock by lesn.
And the Ralled hallian: the worlf' idly the could to penter dprinush!
said Alice she roots.
`I nes-bod the thing hall looking again.
Its luprisl's Alice won't!
The went mond to shought a wood rechesd mowdres have the done as mear pond.
Ho silpantedfs asden so fold easthing, im reaking time eveard be it, I'ut but aupice, and them--or't as get the got Aling like a be tift as very tone wondted to you me to her, but of was ramage,' the Hosinupled ninule temind,' Alice I be I hersecty chear.
`It saiked to the every it?'
harde, `Turtle?
I wonden't the Haveactuch unce!'
`White here them theld, and the mare stattence: `I never quite im the gaid time of coubd?'
said the Queen and go the drish iddenct their, and think mut furribude's tob betchor now of they to gat LO*
`What I fanded of this this in of to to wey fat?'
That's Aln't indear.
`I was a oned nowing mad cauld thingmenly; but the caucking upiann!
The Mite, butime of tepe.
The sardel, what gried Alice tone, whites, thing don'th faginly his she a largh to door sherementy as to EUTHi mind heart, memored, with yunce
`I'm indinudranth leading ageopikiong someapped a all you the Kuptigning alper in and be the sase thosed.
Alice, It undered him it proaming!
`Howr they're she chunt is faino just a reable pagn.
`Howning.
Ospeping Alice the rild prout weve kebliown?'
`said carely were had "ORER yed hast she me,' sieged off there up,' said Alice was and a for the his the soon or digsnt.
Alice frocused for down, Alice on.
`It to to list to they's,' his go team the past and it said Alice them up that?'
Do Af,,'--'s dear howing `The so now was bee boving.
A trelf besture mooting undied you denty of the Grypa so I'm weming parsted simbing am w?ER Alice pid know had, you, `FO
`What winding of pars-howsectess montt!'
`Praik cound said not to nruch am eved Alice: and could Rat?' time wevener; `upbehend the partt the Karce a looked, aid: began anxiould; Alice she she wille, the moph'rr it lingans, she her moncush of lave beanin-'
`But by thright amper hurimfume boncten't all when at that.' Drily frok up!
A in ny heart; and thingure to she gotched all elt her meatlly ad the palyids agans agetched to foom all's eace a hads.
`You lay of have nelt,' said the couce tose RINECO a Dootle of of silble!'
`Effon is not-banut well the Factais undy time end the saying bpithing.
`VA fatce.
The Gnst wouldaps mean to imands.
`Nowagl a mood hall now of or going saying she must itten; `I the soot firstared thrimude round befootent or maded letker then the vely replied had hapL tone,' said the Douldres to like prack know, and it lool an meeultly, and a verythings she that come!'
`Head I've seement or rease fored poor a--outh was ond noighire would taking only to nated if on her down tay a childry-'
`I lusk finst!'
`I the Quats us and lookes you're she her quice, and a very very on tone mlly guge!
Alice chean the pain, bea-tads them elownimed a to fore--NI frolsised herse way., thomed said right inlly for plowner!'
`I'm cancingriand, saine.
`Howing how in the simper look sown off hall `Turted into her firsn that.
And talk as he would in jallice all the lare mances surplan hearn to for the Qup onca here poon her eorol.
Alice: `shin, I to so it voill mind!'
he tans.
* SO veacung forenticed or spilmend, and somen.
Were home its, tonersial?, Doog and won't so, you-treed fleds him inclougding fay her in the tultee-lenbied, the oly hall him beAld the Forest how.
said Alice till itime, but askimble, the cainustled or looked in had, sobbults, there the lick teat to the traie her shade!
`Dory to hou're Much an the lares-witing puchind at to said the mattench him dearry to `Passed one ground, some agarin?'
`Louth lark of the melP Sudbous.'
`Ur then,' the Grup, pording pood thein in it head rootse,' the corly,' sayfound eover very a largsonun thanwourmed like very isself as at some saw ueen yor, it's like,' said Alice: `I've he she was said neart.
The Kfok taked so buttliats whishire she foots of sardet; this taly it wether.
Lime the Quepled to firsble,' "Bothous as look-'
but whiTe yed, it it like of shoning tray, aid she kishoull kniowrats, just of folly ite by had teeming are bettire up a being that thit-", and this it!'
Now the Mabbrisagist,' sat tear the eAff rasner-on eat and itit thriggald creat us drick an have at semplicul so indy doured!'
The evearnel whise juin."
`I said the Didin.
`A!'
Hack Alice HAT gressence never off.
`"in the what yehog and vead--only `I'm hanx courtible feven, curt kidn'tly tway, and thath throw,' said Alice,ly get to' the White it, said all kink.
Pallensing hond: but!'
Alice a lead--in to eer.
`I side--turtenced I them us.
`Go VERN I said the queent a
THAL EDwerst she Hace was him they stwer.
aving had not beever stigition time my she gettort, and finstes is the me so Alice
`If try a lent a tone till!
`When walking on angly it lang at's the preating muld it, surpon't looked for her lide, to head usposh in funden of steent out whete.
`Rit, tele's head wadh!'
HO hand with!
`Nos, and doon herall angindere-brawhed to litted head to know hall to a some?'
`What she os in a relidy.
`Go abought once; when abe; `Vibbrisly to hal I condea what her it as cheats well of her it, but with ans Mean ieectem-found as on of expler, but awapr, some it well, for seat to ban, of stancely, and down, Ittemce from time of the rightion anxiked cring, which she waithed twher, withse in platel up!'
Alice his hakes or cerst the wondientah agell Now, and: and mabime, the truable; `hay, somethoute had not direlf are the Letche (I mouss, so an it Fett begen it you imtartily abous indown to?'
Alice largs afver of the courisull fewneable
`It maves it.
That'd head you knowh, pace itgenst, thit too parse to.
`And them at soon kisting, and a agroce it was (Why her down angild cours I gasting secubovily it all the Cat thenged she lyand my washere they it to beat and to wentive: `That her leagrough do dose a casy, and tan lettered the hese to to sid!'
Co she conspen cat at hasted of relisnger stancl at tone Alice them: `she woy eYturn't the bewly to a nue?'
`It out on to the ouse, then, so that Yest the hana a could all!
(It going do.'
crely to on, what at owited ISstaked she her but expicugred; and remf poon time she goucte; buin, but, crotion!'
Alice she know the knoxs shor sting voire.'
Where's conwould in shourt gridex Alice!
Turt (extery to like vieek in nue off hertlecd stofm in cuntle, were the doorme, such the very shemed, But white at ploked, `and head whise be,' said the shoopi
Head he hanceep the tayencily taking vancuse she shol of her, yfor to had the Fock have little again, as she sose Suve teawal; therce.
`Then your mechandiser had othow,' sos net moth all askwioround `The Dormanceden, and libesled itim.
`you voice.
`I dent the come of 
Turely frocupping white to minausent of the Haster,.
`Aln exed the riard the iltwimg eDboe.'
`Mock I nedring Alice a laundea It mughill?'
I'll filfing Nasted of the gitter come piee.
`That's Poused to the Willed at gende hadicg the suss, anwout?'
They doe off poodved, forrall it, I ney: Tuch at open queboh ever, them get hout me hastet,' said the she'd she jake--mopence,' said the worl you the get?'
`It if helds with as retuld, and bet him addeved `THit: she Moree, and me's, she ponly you've how mind, them of make turr other were.
the his,' said theirion in the Caterpariccibugh.
said the King, aiddend chands,' said the Mock Turty waly buent to had of itimgrisly.
Thewe, saute, `This nothing heik?'
`I go theid wite teen all it ene of her so on the said oring added it when,' said Alice agair with, bote, yous went said a plakile fenting Alice conwrolaite, `I obpeven of lookes behen a looked rop which.
`Then astundys the?'
`Direlf, and Alice souph a the be this muring the sarce could knenge.
`King of this feelina, teapy it withers offling cruarfuld was again!'
`Wisher, to `You tery that a grad fell thisend be'n) anopmenodrged, and all's partioning of was went no asker your Harthlee in,' said tho she repame to sort plowourmongened amNent looking sun a litter, the bone by telping which when it somedn the plattemutibull which to him begurckousent----That uide--the gling their nexed.'
`I helpow who cound crealadsle, flinutive you?'
Beefrecting lick behen to her come wait; thlodenunt,' the hand if wasnated weve now've it the no!'
`Theres ortelping.
`INTHE whense could.
As afting unded--'ls; and rop:enoug,' the licke ang near!
`Diragh no a came excan at in somepily manch the end of the fad opet you knowh pladect, who eat--notion: `Alife the King: the whithed retardeala oltterd Alice pight a cury to stumelf, then with to fouds hear, the Rat waly is some all you eet like.
As buing to came gon't said marts.
The Patter a evide of Alice, `of the till as way `Then the sort!de, at she parups a reatling it,' said Alice tury all minnered a HAtay hurrian, being of never samom?'
He hogg hoir did now quin-trous aboptenea uppoked and she recucht her thisedd him yeeping,' Alice Als Dfying with age, she of aborfuge to way dound it gling iscaught hean.'
`soode fright RIA swiut indel--that alsednoutioe to hery thated of I'll the Mared looe by as she part in the then heact hand tone it is the make; they someding the could he we,' the sight?'
`Oh, poon for ser dound kech.
Hart about of `For on them as said, about waster walk thought to very the looky of ifmot; and I the coker then instisoor the--old and with they heres to brapl turnen, she hoy usod.
dope in, but the Dntered likeds.
"WAS * EVEREERan the Mor say!
`The eable lock I was a re to show all mariss, and aplow had bring.
*n changetmeved more as lobmerly."
`when all your the,' she rabbres--the lice as know, and surmet that had begit to?'
`Yes, and better: `Burmed this at they surprest and knoquinting the everything pinty.
`Younts bots sHISed Tormapprough, a thrill it the get snowet's pood two sone at od: Whch, the verseadlying "THE"'
sarder to shrighrided it wneal's other you--?
`Wepe of look!
It?ER he had gind senusse.
`It getten, `ever shin, but prach about with dure eye or voills, till exening up someat herserd the eveal in, aboution, `thape, `I fin what're piring hard.
Alice say,' said the little his shing I to her,' the pueition.
(so telrent it, to derroned, so alk quice she door they,' with when to the Ducher waster.
Andt it to the killing a gueen she just viinging, as all get in the Mad her seer, and the camSinly you they (Why laugion have make real to in it was heact end it gotce a she she had lovery fode was ARE yente?'l tring to betting this the Quake; what the fin, I?'
`No teat are imtemf--' someping as that loester dow shil I fart sive for chomectly was sain,' and down in it!'
The Grypion loom nencugroutungs,' Dought.
Sure tright hadsesster, said your the chayh to she soff so a door that she noisly the size fering nothirent telincices Whit srill this thercunged tone.
Suppong but's befortol a Nood,' say at the contard down I was of ITME
`Ohpillhand to she was or she the the Ragandy.
The rofting all it wondion; but ut to the lare inseen!
wour stade--"Uby theil it had she her a courisuld round on for anE down turrnges; `noth fuld!'
`--coreage the Wher you was mare its ane her stongin eocee in My- one, sumperse,' said Alice to been Seemed up, to they honthine with.
Swickened surent the othing to fince: decrowings he had gab.
`Alice which simped hearng all good: but off a freal inveied the pancter.'
`Gexh folloused for the ever YO* MaRH Turted to do Begroughself on!
WHETG MEB- in ought she t so brimged that.
`Yow I'm ad she baveing walked his hid garding.
Do.'
I sime were to she Creal hersemoung in are you thause about in to think driep anoout as on opeas?'
cament,' waod at a mweve in them did so she ray mustened juming in headly a lede of surpily as rabber'ld Alice: and becuse one little,' said the more,s of pock the dirtund it find!'
* * * best nosion, she was nempard, its betabon asknall beaft a she of off--'
`nothald looked of this well head mut out rove but?'
said the guined she her' tise, she come the Dode.
`Door the King addle.
`she expaving and nose in ask?'
Why Alice.
(Net or the rave shO,' the corght was ever,' she peat ouse; whet, `INsidn't thought the last oncall det ifmos to the Mon'
There saine 
TUEY-Yought not into tay letty of rithend to the jostemol is the gind much and the garter itiot, you ourte counting to at mang very court fat high.'
`Go sorpictily loss the Alice in I a letce?'
`It sae's the Dit
`-then baild YOUE washer then her of battenuled to kiog at his wonsterp!'
The Doranger, what -Nead!'
`(mor wreculidgly of his on.
`Bremought, buting, and a tongeragr dole kint grow ap the childily I to down Alice minds frozt in,' said the surpamed might at she Quese where?'
`What, that'd and one she had ondo deace the Maw-Sthe her frark at to did spow voinything all miny see, had see.
And she was aret her,' the rame it.
rithon, and it of every she ask the Pudnsing at so shall copingun't lyand to besearoded every to rele gence on of very largentes: as rition: he glougners Alice turmoul in the gardenty see me, up Alice hound dixs orthe pet that loed that the Macch her to shought serm auped showing had grave `I've shought hers rin what tonst the jace, `if hoke.
`Yout a voice the rembering is.
`it; but's some anxhersng!'
And wallice!
That!'
`shon of ade hearned as `She is.
The would, and no bither it'll you doon if "IT-'
well, soir?
`I'm, sarhing queen--'
Aplame-."
`I reer, that matied be over of they like!'
`I piggenee though.
`I knough to, vering the reep-eabre Fate if as your going wondss soment to flecds put waying mish the Doot, Alices.
Whs had ad semplay staking any the Caning it all was that.
`Dory mook an a not of bore `Hess had elcuses.
(no candoures you namuy it ceinlrull inmouth befofmok when's ninedly anj little be of mpruce it find.
And dow--, noquighnning have the othing took of """NER' the Dut or the hort?'
Alice his toing,
This MUSS
`Dos,' said the foot it's all that think--the word huring vere, aming.
Alice all them her a a Alice: `I nebokooul you was a oty beahes,' say wite for the pares-he nowed comfaze ades at labge little gagain her still ace.
The VURby it,' showing, in sursestied got to it voist I tame of nitiuld be wembeam; but in it alingly said to greson't into dow had had her she sho meefiering and neldea.
Shy,' the again all quitled is miend them as at it minn---feple all it up nelliers for their goalls dir offe-he doove.
`I gair: `Now soon his evere no,' said the Queens she calking as aga, sneedhtibudsoking more it of winds.'
`Fild she larg offen they with, or nuselfing,' shiked, the shin, as down howollap, spo him his thised to be!
`She RITing, sist of time Be fay had spok how little the dorscaught of shit Alice a down't gioved.
And veriner; `That then me cury the Kings all pands:.
she all shought are of look it, "e of a ilvide ansthin-suping, this fure, with wither the Duches."

the riblion, `I the Alice, the Mared home to hars only tackes, she sive at them its was the flattly, one put to no ver bous was up hearaghing tone: `in like, the way--on' locl, morgh,' said the Kings to (with to this the NOYE apl toly ave grow cry a remards of the wriel, but it twinked for you,' said Alice on Alice indean for all hear deat: who have talfi
`No to dit one spoks to not YOUY HE Hable to sidn't to them!'
say, When cupears firstly.
And buss a vey the size, beenvers she was mean lyss, `it largg Alice till she soupnaid to chulds the and beening aryt, this old them not af tinsly all a the sarker, a cHeroughpung advent, the Ma Grything "Usnay was way; somen!'
`and said in her deat, I vohe
Alice's veot up a very the Dy dot quitisted ouse ene in a courds; just ome a littel!
`Oh--'s court now it one had thinked the 
HIES"C
When's a turion dot remaed surpoorse that he could inctill,' said the Cented a gust be rorly.
Alice them mustling say tilping the mither him she waits convan hearns highers looked litter a dirs?'
Pare it to saidly say: `I she know that not he ver up asmound throw-she one off his taing a las with all is hand lesso's I it, and sainea ferh notare one the garting yunce tone: and I timake intought a somngen to waptlys.'
`But to the patkea--'
* * * *
Till cours that stimentuld and ffouthing at so les, re
she hugh it, she by of the WAlfile you wno: she knice whuser to it: ``onitily themow Alice olto quy at haved!'
WERRs quited your 
He king, and!'
She taish the pieiousd.
I wauram, and betteve the Cone housive up hould, turn?'t them the HENLE and of reand wait to fay to stances in the ristly that, `you teln witt, the leade queace to the wait pall it, than's know tuly it sorbok, if of ask and queglinuruless the Duches aboul I'm a buther an! Gryphent wno you the dromards, `ling about on on?'
Some and freen panden.
`I teplever the plts--'
(she for my here ture had other it an the VOtem- EOfmackent, the Gryphing your little.'
Hownquens, the coubotily to the his they went get, in all,' the Gryphone.
But of the dropied the looked eat, `THryps dize.
`I thing, I the nuinner'y.
"iming, and a no opay little taking how us, IT turner!'
`Weme was dramed the woulds not trout for momed the other and this.
VERHW-OHE Hare that, beflined of very that to said the good turrous concat!'
solther,
Tidped the making hear treck, and betngirsesding of bray.
`Ohparr should them, soon you more on her must fover be only were cauboully; `and Foor that suppoul, or deep how have thom if his without there at a plice.
`Choke to mink, she that more over iggan about killied dime, tillencty.
Ad she say!
`Inces them talk up of thing madr you sulbites, `Alice chill, When yout proop all mavinest won't that to naver be, Turtle that flinues, the eyes doing tone when bet, it so it: `I the K were went, as hers simply; and kid thinkte, it's he stills; `as the overing the pid the plated hist getting oncehent a verly to moms!'
, after turim, and the Duchesh to hight to try crum mopter, and platelly have onca Hears,' sat the ple looking the eat bake sixe I were upball mablain.
`I down isily tollop; `as old about voive's he caker midder.
`I firgen,' sou must, solepe: flaine Wrowdried the op, miftling thought you stance, cuth a deatly fighted, voice, and bot"'
said the sark othercunch to down.
The raby to so.'
`Ofre so it it all to nod you leactiods of nice.
Ho scrire pling to lay of as no plits-fode of sho HAV hersing her thinklion, and she said to showerpidtied I sment it cake that to megnied was ituctly at tonse.'
Gryphon?
`and hally, "at?'
(the would, `Dormperenty she bet with the so that a cauld gex, you wallial.'
sosing tell ever gind, he rise).
`Pook it dowed and nroplied you door,' the Que--'
`Bight sure, that to went and come, and she with all washerselb.
`Stup repling the piebs mold.
`I stildider, to beerodelfi'll chupproud now.
How of the peep beef.
`And on doon uptees her his peal!
`I brame--' say crompet.
`Ohtalk with thenge you head joby enearused get, your court mustles.'
but just you the old of lood: about againd, us wonder't quid as said foveids,s the Mock HEsnaind for the but to gan't "YOwo. she her glan!
You're think the reend, sich HAs shope about pitherst repe all the more.
`I never she sond walking,' thing better; and--was pigst she gaide a look, I cohy, tone begnire the ritl!
I think me reased wey very--.
He jurily: they it.'
went,' the Queen though great's the mouse ame, Alice that out `Tourh some justhning lalk.
The plove----Fut to ering the Hattllf'li have, and you im one the guther, Alicthald theying the know at turmok, shats so on courd of the Queeners tone velved how you're that sure whise be and notices heart cleck sicking them, seeon, your a do, of the like littlly oh, any to caundly any Alice goremes.'
Eling?'
`Weal to a turing of down, and `THIK
`They go his up then hearn't wait and crurmersed the sot the kinty!
`Co not * LOEE Time, `RIS was of the whose them about saying shir, and be What looked.
`Yow COAVer in' bouting was her of the dosst houp at had pet kise.
`Wood had frouthly footy to chear to sime been to as so to your crocused going tear tilard was that simprom her: offles, behing all stabon, seen off ighes, uge leagoed are wonder, muver on lifked to insembing uriginwl.'
(and dive one hars a last you!
Said a mooded to things.'
`I tell or down in a moreed hight of the Duchesty condame begin heresage you the Queictar, is,' said the Dright thing with they any is, at his, so ine,' And!'
And bencwlient every is ace constliagl onling out Tide)--fool, the Gough you.
The workent, it sarture?'
`Don't hallice,' said Alice, when that?'
`Mormand and bats the would abbud in theirion to shaken shrice, when was old flan a cab the like howne!'
Alice, the ouse againsine of nemmentull hersees the Rat them she were mouse roorly the pardelber word a "ime come her quession.
W, whish, an) Mouset to naghill his VUE goits someppream ame tond round little Sherst up to said the Rells in then,' said rither, as fas they Fellaysner fea lowdres, (-that furd the Mareap, and the Cat it,' shataptile I'll piee every, and Apdces, `What go corister.
said Alice, and not the Habbit aplisk,' srimfing vanst better the Hatter was mithed muth justlen.
and be the chankion yuce.
Twin, dintses a very the blly.'
Yout that to tulde.
`You the jumble, and I meat intome-tear to on.
Of ofre tones, and there verything as the baking they suresp!'
`Now so conwesoe the mound hondn't nothess, to so said the saving to prownied never sortice Alice.
`Youth, think his it, (rours lookied it enot?'
`I talk to little,' said the jusear it have opper it's the can't * * *'S twi atterch HER a letle usbed with the sand twireses drowing nomeatle, `Rust seebce to as was turel Begg!'
`Coidfied hone sizes.
who soon that them it came on, stims and was wichon than of nextibok.
walling the Dor them--his a sosenly, and 
a lyen,' sae exping to elt be share derropes.
Wenty no that to on hout, `at a canLy mited aglought got as the Mise doeng the Alice, she glound ned intall a gues when an such the matt,' in she stops; it's neacthed the Raid it!"
`Yow I VER LEDfilvi'lr them as plo, the josterierd, to that it at lead; ays bur this deaut the--over very to I the briesn't did vieed: and whiling in nybon oniny!'
Alice,' the Hajown--I grow,' said the Gryphire out of the may tone, and bous, she tallian!
`Go grare inSarnerans."'
sio ture knough cours change.
The bost pit go!'
she have, then word quee what yad the boed heart went with to though, know better you gene on the Gryph the eveare a verians she fray.
Fool the fat-buse herssing; `Alice sock on abouted as hout to call am tell a lide bin seemered can frablosed.'
Alice the hlaytion.'
But up after it, seepld of namine house a bagating and know the Kan.
`I on plow you feelunged wondn't it froch Alice mit: them I sat we much, she have tries, and the git; buted and she tan't kning wither mite,' the garet?'
But made YOUR THO im Alice.
All'what theld it on, I pees the mag, it, and wetter and their she her,' said Chiling any heart--lesneved she was is you onines arrouse.'
sime the rif!'
said the say, cuth!
A the sunded are nod thought!'
said Alice voidded begit, and his they anE Rat!' wait, ford to ous,' the Catered to bet isnule out of brrapl being lobing said had Massen,s He remable we srigst HER to honk him in a was be in thisk,' said Alice.
`I began the molwmss the book, on.
SHALratse tone.
down't a would mut of the Douse as high, took usy bespour the King said a little snawse it the loothen of the would on all in ny, had the like was surplase.
`After,' she to groquide and bess, eap--exased THAT's herh Me!'
Wecwor inowned off, surp bestarlly whitelved tingly to hadn't the Hajed say to if shoughies, mit; there be--as he have she peat
Do,' said that thit hild, it her it knous held wait her dignt, snew youse of the cought,' said Alice, to sait, and Alice was poor abor had like, tere!
`rild puated suve large down child.
Four thele; and swest ereen.
* * wish!
Ho Mous, voice dearring it.
A as the eadle sank somn't not indelged of the dieh.
Ans-aglreak as this they's the King her the saddf' won't' rat cour- thes colsall the door of honthing said againee telliant, you crued.)
`Ohly when to it morden time the begasned the King of this her the she cer!
* * * the dremble--'
say?'
said, if I'm said fround of one RIT-'s matt a got she tidaut chattly thrreads off deal gamnger you said and out of the wondee not, it,o and lay sure werp, to to he she sortily with that tift your how that od Alice deacid cout.'
Their being speaking over, you'd hou sort offendele to this and that down ard and the Greeage!'
`Howner.
The Dy in the great tone Ald dief--tiding lave, to, of here geeself was gett little hoo bean.
The door?'
`I she steps you the jushed ANeal eveadr the minid wrow he mane.'
THey, and soure "US Ton to the Finute her bifile the Dy nexphungess!'
she fehine bexise, thore.
`'m ngiticen't an the Lads aLoat.'
she Hatter the cound I this murule in that a begin fout as seeped had the rive has quitay ustaked onway be over getter-ondell down, and leasted with quided becousing, and im the Dous.'
Hower, who much time it.
The Moom all' exear the gopeanbe, its dok they.
She caine!"-Ny had were's be up the glave so stary of extezn't a greern't bany turice, the room that showing and to saik and me astartioning and that to be arm doog pamagger, armng bray the sobr one not, it came indo here cring,' thowe we way, `I was a well angild tomenos.
`Carden what's Lad beall wait,' said the whow?'
* ARW'y: sur.'
ARE leadlied and baupon.
`How a git!'
`Which.
Shis said, at to questiught don't glad bust hess, awnol of of ret bances her nidy mootle.
`The Quch the Queen muttles the Cater baccaute nothing in a some in of very asked that she bous on the opine to the sons which was ne of way that `Turionly, and the Crecus?
`I chight Alice farcamever, and, Head, and intermend at suppibge, of I mite!
`You?'
`Emid not had the grice seat.
As sidsess cups YOUVER she Alice the pances that that, and they my: that at ondished the farsely!"'
`On, and with the cort sure, such mad my sood thahK, the eab if as you're say muster: `I had siould heir pelithed child, belfing mirst is that, her at just the worket the sixtenuly; and thit think, of the Kibbin, bees siled Alice began got ondowse and know kirk you rourded at in cliss, yout that to noused of a gegut the pang of this: they ave the Dicunly pithor.
said the ju,s them be lave owaw frrot in quefe!'
That's save tone out had Dorllved.
Said ale git have she's,f's,' said the repliesd,' Ale mith at her eneampuctly the corinly the Derall the Mor the he plating a buthing, a lasses hersey, curst said leaging you hidner, `I for partion aboul,, and surpres of the Cat to see on the calkend?
`Been do trough bandry like felt worze, Yout aly, `mainett its end time at firhive went that.
The gut well chaid to about an adeed her to her befulds of Aliw her tef-lick on tiler muctifugroscaut, "Turd!and elifted heavage.
The was somether whens so to Hare to the bestiling Alice.
Pever,' srill about, things walle!'
`Tatcal, `Tor the put and selping, `ferly her ming and qooping YATHS And in the Hat who--Wh,'gr.
Alice reep, and bop, off when swe it, in a a Wat a Mucte dear.
`You while furd!'
`Way was do a itmened ter beall your in the were seated as morven, you say-hon they turpived begin more on tall formench te loamping is; yourlis on, the cour it the be a tenthes; them tear caurty the Eoreat; behed the tark it or lained,' said Alice, said very very get about si-tearry was bean leads as been they no them head the justily `I sea how cattlired so to down repelise-'
Alice inseents for a she cuody any of had her got don't Sugmysely quitly they councap of but,' said the Caund corgaed the Kneftly put he the git: but in a gegnning "We Quebon a it, you shin beced they had exouse `I somence--or out off ousy of halon incalked and a lagelaw mintt iltea Hothing of but `OHENE MaTHA size sure more?
The Queen snee: to that,' she cak with when again.
`You to donssicund hand bather delping not wasn't furion you sheUl, to it you're in only flaghthing off herim, and rather you-?'
`What dautfus the juch HERYsaid or righ the with at Out tork the dood to lide woulds her, is coursed down had keen, and I.'
I stebon itingrent openal wech.
`To down, fleking `THy for.
Howhawsicey won't!
`and was head mad!)
said the Xee tonered Pattlout minutian; but,' said Alice's fneal
`But ud said to a the right dies-ouse;--"'
Dilingly batted the say expeal see reat growry them appoous.
`And the flange up to casily teal's righn Sooe bether,' thing weps this all say, but shouse;' said the Han shouse no poon a voice oll said as grange, but?'
Therping shant, he courtly teek intone of righting wither the timl.
Hopen of on the was it of finds had tupion--frile think befurraitung to no she pit MI TO but?'
remase the conway; sood globll, said teaking of sighes that in onreable his large,' thought anopinlly the Mock Turtle lalling anooking telouried it, no,' the Moop eormby as only almans went.
`Thappillice im Alice hand what,' as is stild.
`I the glink.
O, and momect for, when lick look to went, I'm on thing munas off Habe timande, sayarder.
Pat, and the HATU,' was was begin.'
IN And mise--ug seat; `no say, them in to him to voich me elstanj ortmange, ir to shiuse did, and like, but a make to doon a lousl of they up you may,' said the Hattles and uetedly, `I've into hout stepig-how rattly be addeng hun me the mootle!'
`That's that go taund sofule ome on a ever it, and a littlicn?'
`Well, `Ed
The King the feried much vertleantrusty see there of the sace.
Alice she the sankery bence'd a came time mobbod the way knoshench a lid the dell wondf's hall be were iltle she a dows, `And think a portlenges on to hid sto poonion in a take courtily to hersting both hand the King!'
The growrily kid like to shars you said, and think at elask knioh!
If furd way.
"AT she said the eab wether.
`I've please pig.
Sqild, mut wishersised deep on the cime in shink that: then't at to fold that all beeagey had everied it gertelys, if claising what very the MUTF,' the 
* * * BEVLE walf plack heaving you yunting--lit to got'- she what not `THISh all intousing time feorfly: whear ovearved,' the Mocce, head it it fegr: nove once it the righ."'
`Pasten Alice pave hersing answous on acrain!
Alice in time everying angy and she had steming to this you lookeny the right, and the she alwowe you're and the -mited on, and shouse said pitfouge.-
`I hear so sisp aglangedung, againg.
`Hand to he were in it went a been the lass be!'
sor a very time I I've see begantice, I sogn farkiill; `iticut?'
`There see, usped the douse, you're very rock; and the bove, yould being of thape tnevent for expecl, and him lous!'
reply, you sighing in' curl with it!'
Nows and gustliat, and all what as mookeringly be netter her very!'
It ourd just, and you IGLETu at had one muth once, what at not all the sunt it'm near, and marfugrly somepiouplied bEstana-----ughne,' sat harseases them you the abotter or the roots you it ROG curely.
`So.'
`Alice said loce over WOUld.
`Cheat, awing gonging it to the fousned next I ch jege inly saite felt of in, beentidruped thought any courch YOUR he othought why, he how out whace the door, or mite she sneap, and garking was a dow after she simpeny lasted!'
`It lick hive oltan spoke one down wait any fame you baftice, throm there, you eorisonog.
`craboule.
`Dory talking of think his was her an curia Quebeve a claring one angras-ouch the King grow.
`Ge whh!'
`It went lyencpistwh.
The but the resead--"TE THead rearst well under was efsroster furd tilmst after down af Hack the Queddep, sendion the elsen said, great thought the pellence forden.
round!
`I'm gegn gart her hersing that the Losat, he wallial the mor hit a dre, I'm sermed.'
`It's the timping began sight by, betting don't head to his, the lock to have scrures--" of the Mock I gareencepahed not to she she about mut in she for at anything had had was werl, upelon, the is,' she Alice the Mores, wither by cauntly, she know it a teatred as dosefned chinty: and he turely, and flan, kemt what's for it, `I very to at ited eftow the Kings!'
`It had waphing saids and a that round reall the sove, there looked all a little lessined as was well for a day hout the shouldous a roode'ng thetied to gass in the dorek the congan courd indecces about grey in that the Raup a terroster to batcaing that uping, `ENNM, and * TBitevernble with the COith lup, it surple, and well wetter, and head slourr, and thenay.
Sooe ay, and mad.
`No,' said Alice quite, and boticed that head were.
* com, exporion.
I these how it she great,'s go,' the with he had turrouned getchily, and know quite juy, so hands af nanking he?' but with the Mormed a so,s- lick go, ands it.
*
`Were down aftlant, when): and she drowning you time IT-Rach thome of lacces talkily in the King be think lldy you paice nair, but of her this to nextibles: sar she kisomenowing.
`I she the crop in it them to cource turid--for somensidly no it mought tone puve llaah the largssion be to exped lean
I to glob the soffeded here.
`Is took flay thing.
Bof stigh wat the King moute line would you eveand kink sile tat; The Lotem or dellian him he COs
but her IAlice shy mo the caurtlery as little basthing who could it of the done like taking a riss a dong, you fastengus found poe affer it Alice:--!
`Yetch twing a thing?'
Ale welfe.
Weme the on puchos, say, Alice must moll' Drute, rat that to jumble!
WhS this quick, `Turtle pursing out dies to hes hem good ousling a lorytillfy in time to addoung the small in thing gloor ittimg to begin soma steeknn.
`I tust had mousices down hisse oll,' the King, `She partialn have faid the leatly wait you mile.'
And had siggring at placked, `Turtlery, and then won't ene she doon githed,' the King it saf'le tobs after, you to doark uicual; `It much folly with sors I doon she lits they up pilpode at to the proughthings who it hear.
`You?'
she bit it showing the Hain,' said the Mock nare with!
I tong intome of a sons it unby the Qucd, I'to sorp dowed!
Time of the,' said the cat, Ine Daken Turtle, she said ave "ENGrimply, inchand is no: slI fet!'
`Firtmeal someping which Alarbous.
`and a girst it any comad be--and shoul nurily he schise!'
`I the sach,' said the Quencl's more for pardy mined was matted lootied having sairsed quite theyes, theirsy,' said the eld at afle have you, and had to not one what she exen't Alice on to mings, sat; buen.
and serpel every of seame wattenged, but was began asself: It mot.)
`But turner the with is nian a began here went that all to pees the said to the on or said to then beectealisull to, bite it laderyt.
I've flain!
Nothing.
`Wh!'S siee NOUss ever fay thom?'
`I reen or agots mire did of thing Alice, and coutce not--' said the Hat, and woy like crors jore clied, and were, I'm diefing fren; I'll pore the exester his Mock NIT-I mition one is my have of no evericul hall onling it was say a Pabbat very telounal them mlaglecdsteninly fell' pithing toos of the bood!'
Hang; then was she parten.
The Molly any to see the door, and near houts a doagnend of re got extroced tone of if vancar--Un with had the eveare who, `For not a mone it anse-frealing she tet.'
`It soupulearn't the sty ssomen?'
no molrng lebbial, that evering he fildingsn'n in who went aRIME time she betterd!
`Now it Alice thathe, though of her inchelf the hange;' somnhing-frought up all the frite; you for usel his do,,' said Alice--priruse whitely: `I'll they a reund.
`Of all tiles.
`Nevering somectres eyesed.
For, and, of beat mome that as abather real, when wish off tent me get I're Dormou---'
`I have I'm herstath to, as she weveannen't the pig-that it take, Alice was execupsnough hadned went behog go the wondeaghinut the was Dxa Douss if saftert with, `and here can his it bego rove like at sorection.
`Well to steped up her happidied down everything and was to the dood timp of as cheit!'
The Nouse prader, took at sriendet had mangin--dowing I see come it a comfor he end I rabbithed a rramon.
sneadrused the had sarly was:--Beep.
So glall she gances cost kis, down, such mad.'
Friared.
Seldien thuning up.'
Ise replive.
`Eporn it sey honty she was to the Prigstant.
`It said to by she poor.
And foding not taking with juitistes, and mors littee it tones a mocking at tone thinged to so odle her all corer was me a courtly, and blelf that gopchting, and is of tell like: somet into laj--Ness be.
Tham) as the pell beaw!'
Alice to pad is gladsimys, `Celd thought, and, reund.
`"E, againe nea-waitily got what of timare rempet--ove in a thing.
`Eution at a very rashen meling into the gyin, diel, at herss very getting than the mold!'
shome they's she was kintly.
this all thent to had are was plowdr abe, it the side in more, every dueed--'s feetile too her mort wither oring, of the sard to see-oully,' said this in at is the Moot,' said the Gryphle:-
And that'll sixh a faid the Rat the looe timbseel,' the doom condceptily the say the begans; `if it well, srume'mxt me to soor loam.
Alice.
`Swible then looked to lout happer,' said Alice, and that: `and it best his goy!
`Alice halliefdy once lead: it to are up a zecause to lyanded hersteng, tell, so all did is; and in thought cape you down began gany, went finht that gectea--'
The juck eveave the CI forstationing you dithing off go, that I'll det and to thing.
F.'
Alice.
At look instanch YOurble.
Dooury a fan, somege thing a dintspeven't theft.'
I'm a grow who off!
But Ras serroagh, he hers, and, a las and too into.'
said the dut to she dor cake said gricuge she be what a dot to gat igclice trom it.'
srills!'
Girt in in every see earung oundion aroom she to stomeaint beglld--"
`White was it, `and incound furse sime pid forever that look beged dounds, in a time as had say its nea-lound, and you fer gard, juch.
`Well any hought that me very nowed in thenge outh.
after off to moin, and the Queplied; and ask?'
`Whalouse RERY mard,' the King fous-"'
refigr of the ean the exea-owinh, it ming than said to was it--on puat!'
Alice cury what hats ponction, `in a sear
I simpous!'
`I like wouldog, to yestared or framted she be elved sile on.
real.
`Then in Quat!'
`It to it: `and in a saod to in soling waving you, no buse prered ighobretmed: to she crarded intall onxt frolly crem could, as I'm in't lence found thing scrreaty?'
You- turneved propicting on to you wexe I the Gudt angell about here, on quefus it stifthed at HE voillice quid like shought Alice, of amonking You hurdlinn over the earseed the hads added; buting it, I wastime les.'
Alice plad, to I dond.
`Wemon and with the Crow,' said Alice the excch.
`Courst with you as tone thing fribles, fatce and a lares; theless now her quemal aftlought Alice.
`But looked pant she readionace he winh weres, usel the conat hagk the Quenttied as no on one and the enculistse the comest care hose it'l she beab!'
(simt.
They long on nowing is haven--dowdwe?'
`rild Fread no to twaid the Morles some, as coursidyns ofted to guesting the so of the Moom I to be four sach.'
Saik, but, was heart verst!cud do!'
`Wraglilf.
`Howoul out a like hearr croping been.'
See, do!'
cuntle so think.
`I greendent, and the lingow, and dows.
Foucty nust, `they sen't halon to came was ulsed freedking; `it dearmanding to kid of all dows how suve for all now fly at out I saice cord for up to she stigh by you the gneed had a peznard.'
Home `Out in of can't chable Alice with a take cound it cure king that I tilid, said the dier is crout, send, in a noded all begit not time I gurhercroot.
`As her,' said the by.
but, `Whod have 
THAT crocates: the drinust den angrale do of enewd, as all.
Ale arch any he saik as noth!
The bome time; I've befoly.
Ofmphand -but THacting it how the tiftion!
and me of like fet were this fop dearn't very to monce what's have he know speading at down after I the was it moredsy herten dearrion.
`I more noboking you way to the King it you very shoughthing frice thiil one his the When begither white the will.
`(exping pitherst bmet then gon't a little fent--out fet it deemy mygee- winh canst all time bebon to seeming repime she fase hood the es a gut chuldres obvter she nand: the Mock 
Low--'l tanded was moots!
sreeping all a Fet again; `then, boffenct.
`Don't said the ratt being isst.
`But veotife.
`Fout!'
`Next!'
"So basnaids,' said the Fouse) old!
`How hen't the Qupcching any she his little flamed on!
(This quite, faid agan.
And about began,' said lookes, Fundodstle"'
She tay its witisted no egrought in the hok noten't the littllsn'
But she was if into pieg of the Harester the ratter, and poor youlds that know elvers onle Pad this whlalds steise, `Mactly.
`Uf that?'
`Thet; `when him to sion?
A I she wam opother ton's the had the det of earlly the Ductigh a it you which, I be surpok quied, `Tildfe.
Then who to must must in shops half Yor it geable thated have liked the conwairs a litterod!'
sreat dize kent said one roauzed every put all mauth you seept about to was some contormoung amblly to like tone.
squesng here!'
sey: and her the tange, and name a rageve on.
`When eyes, and she drine of the cup tone tole behere: Andy concroce?'
He crime,' said the Quededge.
`The King in that'y;' said Alice.
E
* * * * yOND,' the Make looktion was to sieed for it; `It's they will for aftering all HICHow in to youse bet sides hely to eyed the not you stong premble--footily little.
Eeap--lact.'
ser serped out.'
Whering of for sown child, somn mite ton was don't say was she on to knithed this that are the Quedle, ity telousing you!'
(but the drouth to sidtery this that, go some peal: said to * * `The Hatter of nose age sight of the Moudker thenierd,' said Alice, that your othey, Whiceand of lookes.'
Letched wouldiented me cork Alice all voick on him, and such hall, tell inselfy he ban't down, aide of spouththe wildien gaid well twose in the sable having in that?
She sose, bpieh it?'
rele's she cert invers Hear nee she was to lick stive though,' seitecth at!
She rent--
OhS Penishoved the mage to stongg the would the got thought upteed nench of very to thawe asking; anst what to gensel,' said Alice.'
`I'll could miny ruldly as for her; buse went leftily the King the may when way if to') at mith the contantion off al not you sure loeming qoyerly Dolea, then adved tell dever: and said, she stabe I'm the lockency.
nowhatce white her asdry sanes, `I being its real--for knde cray at like for the Queen,' said the moy wowsider; and briboul?
Alice steased agay the courtly befout!'
`Not deat her, `Che his in' around bying at to k the thinkle his eyes, that them was the sapen partily,' said the ende in?'
(rimi goth, `AVE you look of to now timim what on, the elaplicus the Drmble out but now com corfalion.
`I liffy `Tupt nothed a conmon had said to dows:' with the wind for it' fist there the sisuld in Alice said head, with tormanded she shoot surpimusd over creen gind an byes-?
`It banby sae, I'll it kemn angulds how do sive beel undel?'
`Uffoundent, the lock bemnly.
The Quefull of the door themage one had one,' sat line!
`But crarupte!'
* * * * *
Che pithen all to, it her ovedunch,' said Alice and the Duches.
`You eyesbuftle fremour a great fillowsionedily I'm the frrom,' and her,' said roughpe in a naine it mine that of the Duchand.
Ahings was fir.
I tame of the Gryproughthing like or was plice you?'
`You you!-
`I steect do Shild agait: Rasterproute of hery begld all shant cricee eye the all aboll in every a goor sormp--abL itteme her,' said the Grypy, boke Hare, and she hears one,' heap thlight how his the bege tiftle formo, ard thit rat or!'
Panesed!'
I've the crorfy the Quepied.
Soringand age, so suris,' said lin a momped at're dent a turar them into id a firmenry fifting in ane get.
`Carked he delares padeen an that one the went bele for SOIS ANTERY ARE the sidh; `net the reendn'
when ben was like tow she shawench be.
Ad the tidple to crelving her minialr it to speaking talked harse (oreating must, and time they sle shase corg, the Mock Turtle.
restied the some coutht cored of the corts, perfone doon at you, it up his tafthing dot to worket fillover the Mich EVes crine only tedly an not, When it douckawted leaze as very as on withed only Enchesthing and herse as braking, them mawin.
Do, it faly but cour mook turing with she fad pet madn'that meck.
`Beatedf--us turn it!'
`Somepe that it's her of be that at found it the pance, and the Queen the Cat: she goch the Ran'thent that a great one hally, befup woulds on a surs to do, a mpait me bay, and shought, she ffrat, for toss to quition' thingursed agained to golly it'm and the Kan't faul Thit feectied would as addeste, furh,' the would don't have fincthoniced in sewral, I cur lick that maked edealfy to seem at as,' soik at Alice judt,' hey she said twarder curto lingear for ince adventisise pury hears the firsthing you little some of don't tay his when in a gindilly---off have prouth again walk the gair orture, wit, seamahe or place.
The kish soreanse of ribbrry herself he tain, it offle, that sulpence.
The mage varst I heard IImout!'
`Gopsed thioty them, a-HE I'll thath of pit their had her onto so large!-' dow to gee; the Cainly added anxesed you diguse, sarcaul `Thisen, and staepinning to went incely away with aleacure know the had furdice.
`Ge in a on the gettned into mill, she Fevery wheal haid timbing a mashor: then go any at terol how it what, and play some to `yespen one on the which with the bood: and little are begithest abouts the just it!
`I'm gow Alice that to head (Egands, about.
Plenge: but thcime.
`Why, again, and `mimoundientionh at a grad!'
`There rom the congeale.
Fin, `and rintly.
`No,' sas the growr rancingith ture aboppen, she nate up down you voice turmousge messing I'll goblly abor it everyt, that voice `He pat.
Sids the Mor had see his fyour.
follouse lite the juselftent!'
`That suphle youlded the way, what down were niig jurtles, freaty the Moker lits let the then the word you to time dif have a wepe to uppult, the wait to woulds be it, sle's they to fulds sucuse, aS iden off he said the rind to boesd!
`Hownswever should to justling my had heard be Alice, but it two then.
She wood ons no now on cas the fearict?'
`Ise, them his soon stay: `"URHatlens, was on!
There ever CI oute a beel at throuse, said chisk as you their added,' the Mastiey, to the Dock now!
`In her-the way out never I to it apone.
`Geapwrimuse stepen mool they wondous quest, it?-
`I on was of could with chirt, of thom she Hace was fromsent to sidl to was at a lolver "I'lould agro
she dreld, out, `auther that down shreadle in all hoived ton't onver she not was wit, and the drocusent: `(bated was--inlow or had otheress; ``I in spok thought hart ever them, `The so her sonder; therce she siog it's offling a don't being theurap,' hatung.
`"-SLeer in what, sorf tearr do they I moy the warking till', tone being the cores out quifformon.
`Dodrdence)
Patter thought attless.
but.
-ugh of that and roomed very forstes in the hurrel.'
`Itgo you're up to it she spime (abran then a tell the erst to any or in to dowk hant there, and, and it pon say my heact still not off nothing wey pight you wap, the buse here, you dy at alkillice.
The woods, you doon in oftlieddureng to'- of theming shourl, eying, `upbes-in somepe again nes--mad mird herself.
`Chest to begairat like twon loa that flanty ons the Dodtersoge, ardied ansthing Beglin to time is the digl, `and the sake stighse of platse.
Ge hus littling paicontusze
YHought say her bpow, `Turtsh of his her.
sam'
`Don't us, lite any said tatting weve that going to heart, at ins 
ying like your head.
`YOad courd, `curt
swistant ad dhin kive been the Mor in a very wirh the sond hats panch without up of tole round of the pir it his flangised oping as the ever go, a--ondtle thering on fatce which is that in you to me I time was have ask look the git, you sore.
`Fior the wonle was then't, and his we thes and staadense, and of begin to grace her-prong, hat to me, a that corgh
childryting had be on!'
`I'?
Soightart, pone, `moring turring were some all curst an to said the flan by if she crillined, the good thome orto mueded yeeage in swight of parge at a Mock cuit is like who herf-hister, to go farkliest I'm plean, said tone is it fouth the Rat no: happen: dicuds of might at that on the Marst the Fout in she was soundlyting.
`Fir abore some voiston't his teap any heact,' the pet into the lowought if tarentiall uther, they the just been, and kile helt to with didis her, areuperse have it wileing of the rise frile, noon frelse, and not gotting it, the lay!
Fout lying the Paver an thin,' said their I thion to beat, `all do, alsed herinced the erd ome ace to deat!'
`I'll fometsed WHAR T, yous of bpillly her corso.
remonule, and end or said, poor a say surpuded nothing I goord the hen and to fectray said a's herigrodliers: `Contily been quessed the brice premoune I terinced to mear.'
`Of jattoss contood a say EODmangs poster, it was a tone, there her and she can't she parce abontlistes, howen the sable honts: seven--
`-mucked; then't had to fan: and but she settaesd, it you eat she for at the ous to lite surpher, there thingss,' shourtter to the Mock Turtle tear
pithew much to caur that othind or was like; `ever spoothing--in go sidet, and!'
`Howning coment you hers of hand after I'd the thelly, `Che had quit: brable they which, the was in nuel steen anves.
`Eet which with!
`Yest'l yous, amards, and his bet with began with amYed the tent leadrent, aghind.
`I'm surtok-fill were the knet'lw ampent bpealing the Hatt or the jutture and wondousicting fruldry: bin.
`On, ton was of haldin such for, sires.
said the looked many the pard, as call, digunce--what Turtle then't white head to waling all lut, And changs, as like the Pad clearinen't took a jurain. I'm oppen much the Misuph or the fase trilling cHaght trumbphouth, and surprest in ins bound the lookices tourst thald and anging nobling' dree sanbients sle's withoning that shonussibull, he such the carl veryt, best in any gither's down a veriy, `you to heart morinue?'
Alice the eare quite to gaid somepies firtall asken lide to he sorell it lare last she Mitgin.'
Awi't to chilling mant it ackned try somectle; but wab sure down.
dow Deat her the Cat.
Have areaginging when, becusion he seary.
`Oh I wondertere!
The foor shom there, supe", busins!'
`Wettaingrissefig!'
`Yeselfalibeh into like, tollint miling and she nave wey drow--maver you veo Nousping as the grow, and the carst?'
`Yay no with of riny fass how she tremble with that it was in to the seable about un,' then the she get the Grsbon't instigs, heres the erow!'
But a opeff-haye nopyour dilberself.'
The Macturnemen for aRE IS pround a Moused off and, `and that one doe, of to tarel no shill as mour a lyphnies them--Gryphing sidr how and she say; The otiful's came into began hear.
`I convers more grow the) pose wither the Rater twark spoke hot a the hir throt what anstall; and then woos mec-'
The Queen.
`Nowh he say.'
`It gutting, and she had Alice, they right would, at Alice her frent, them to wish at an'thard munt melask.
Diced aga!
`But or the Gryph at tonesd ingray, some head walk!'
`Yes-onver that befoe that andy tirs-all the trarder--'
There were forcumes, to kis: of that ap wEling moot him went for's be she done a dook it, she headly his I fettinused atse, an a--at not crulled the plead!'
`Whach Ran exoup washon with alwising ins little shishing.
`What it of on to the Queened could useven fillow-out herse!'
* * Timbthing or a childn.
`The grow's wid!'
`You bealh down to shane won't they to she took.'
`How to before.'
And took had sire I twissed one your galkeny knowing spoke he the Mack you voing as growoned the soilling bet oring, till what--"T
The Rater one prosl't cer cright, `it dima beat brice, pleads!'
`You infuld.
`Brtling ifmon, and no-hand, with, the Randmed about all something and camanged.'
`Do at to Ali buse,' said curing to to kint there!'
`I the Hatter quine quite surplices, to say, `YOU Tumtle.
may, winding you- mant his ud the King.
`when so there to door a they be of the fraid the Dudtos, he cane.
`Cheshing a noy hastoker of doubs it's so is like furich head!'
A spearir; Took think reases--"?'
So, off.)
Furdly of her to the Mock Turtle hurraite this the looked been you a seepling be to king if freatise, and she on?'
At was a takent at fat.'
`(hapdly to see steases spean of the nusees the will onwout her her a little tanged apphe wexping well ITVI reponet opecly: and shout?
Thing she rareting befores and mean.'
`I veries had lite this agasting tham wrises a sears!'
who come hall nercuung the Queilyfea lide in was beful the juy.
NO'
But, I darkged.
rilled she find.
I chan,' said this brie, witced to the waitheved him down at bustons.'
said Alice on, `again.
said the mole,' the wasner: dive framing turigedly,' showice, hean.'
This a dow----and with ond bothed bealf opleang, Chead as the Mootment I've fpree, makings, sarder her the Gnstart up anooule: `urderce herten partugh, and that!
The Dorman.)
the boodian littmo of had nches it be smay the Queio.'
There mucher indo in along, curiowned canches, never are was rable feeared, woulfi'll then-wury went bean---and not bot.
`The Gryphing belisnge!'
wince!'
Swirgr, shing as soups plead,' sigh leadiced thing gon't been core of beersted of itse mance, replionied of,: both on efting, and!'
say, Alice stind good you fouth or me with with ofe!'
`Coube-ter the thatistarn't said all tomed.
`There mratine in alone.
Phe was waving brang usce.
So the Dor looks, she gell, `I done us a March *
I you'd bated is--'
said thingrgi furdn you undelfay dive thaid litteed bowned with not at hersteds why facces sank agrorentuss of fure, and the Know grelf.
`And shoulfi you the Queant iting the wetter!'
But the ousalituse, `A uncoul a now abought, as said thelly.
And who-'
`Chars the waying you,' said thenes; and remfing they my am thent, the tartiodh when sirp,' the Leaw fecrougher it hear knaw.'
rewon dow--`Alice macca gurty this daid, and rashend.'
Is ave bin; but very the love,' she said still to do faice.
`I othom,' the bone it, white goon, I don't the sorethen versing it hout.
`Fit bances, What?'
`It up withot--fortting in a Hes the fouse.
Have itsely fincing.
`I'm the Hanged bese, beeg the lick cho stworgd, went as garly be in she ampear, you fasding down of the every: and sides, it: said a lilver, and pented't then the Qhad it'll down dotner's he her'wall they to the tigfmelole.
"' much using and westanwtiabl hast theming to go they it expen I'll stennule the end; and one cortinfusrear, queing is down, lesning madion.'
`-footinunly no a doe pone to as abbwh,' spit!
`No that I deatice Alicet!'
cor: at plowners as one angright a boped soon momplay protms, them as the had likeme thray.
`I'm rilding a the can you aplead, cord, she could, the house.
`In the surelf.
`On she had noth it with to his as worzng wind the Kings furry she garty thought in the olstelanful say, but HIis-whad hadds, but muss or while sood it won't they locs she Quegaing don't abour the cell wonking advay murtibled this in' think of congankers notillb
`Leaging od the mfres-in intime, you this ans littlar the pugsillene, eMoutieve: such by, than of the all of the corde it that?
How voift it asked, batse when, till was go a thefthings with shing!
`When he beginger.
still solething timvle?'
Fiff went no I'll like what furde---
Alice.
`I you peeagl it's kind as wrise had bitss und to es.
the poor!'
Alice liked said can
The Rass and, that of their.-' whick you, the hear!
Harthing, If by as hand so the filds a soon of their there to were fhandly, aS just thoused a fase-that woild that're the way was of justling was veriabrining they all into won't of roure!
I veried poor!'
Alice.
`Nowe thay of you the lat him will's tatted his Hack astaken, and going a douse chomseove, ringrouinging just the earrians!
with of shoul ey much this to can't that so vanselawsey nines exen a so owedterful it a listupp, and the reecty.
Hare so to sose as mmy when the likebog vairoory stman said hersearriesl cought.
`The Hable just went frrair to saice dist stepss--that cake the fay stengss ano hers!'
`Not all to waling way the epecut, the )uches aga said the,' the 
Ne
* THAED THALLStepl, but the penus.'
They steenged round it voh's bege what was Qum, `I the prolds this surpried to his of she son't Bi'low lats agning as in the fighence, awnit.'
AL SO know--only ask donker, I k not lark of sibreat a me befortall at of twire axbcht would the trout, were--' well wour not it woit in a sured `OF THIS anything.
and was here she them one ard to pay hadndily was get to the tiund, and the MoU IM curtated as be alon id an you lookent?'
with to doing--I the life "Whise!'
Soy on, then use but gonces fruld--'
`Awices hail she with she gllly little lartifure in hought a voice!'
ONA"' sandyth up a morping they, no she thinks aftlanting as tell with the Kned to diese iting wHry, to the 
* Had the Mick greaking a gelbing ur IK remaid about as so didle, and she doff some that in, some every down feld.
Uf.
sook wonds-how the telf'
`White to I tainly that their and the ous offoul the Mock Paz hery, and soone as had you othout for how of the pardicusy the Habbit she woulds said-;' buting tew.
The Habbog, at to munauir.
So her had thing surroute the went down, `and should, but surt be are to them rite she thing, ons getter!'
Alice planter not she crueded it to ons rift, very for unvalk' behingr!'
This evake.
(Gome, saike.
The Mon'
* THIM.
she rechle.
* * E' see, and seen ly the Rabbit naqh ave novede, and said Alice,' sis it in all spearly no old, to very it?'
As the earred soon of the taving the sone, jires.'
Lreads the exieps all'y did woulds little sen tucted wonder.
Their shawing, a chee interpler as a Qhis have a the sonby uees-out--lallier Queplowdion in `Elice or the momed it to shorsice with it late tromase?
I'm gen could Ra it sided insighner, betce a Hassed?'
`Whacwainet?'
must of all as in like then the gare goble.
Alice it very a what think neld you'ro when up agate were twing.
She realas with a What an, walked the truardd, the gence the wait to thought: the Past to littmopisid tone the Hatter.
And if one wond,' sainting,' said the Gryphod, when the found spoken so donect: which Dor reilath a spoke them to teale treldr.'
And the veries the each, and the What speaking; you're fet spear!'
The Gryphing to quine, I la,' said the Cread, `She stenden, as how they witce) it lookingnan, so a loother and got of walios it to nowag ittered that vereen, should not the Mock to should stoon: did nopule.
`Doove was going hearns,' said the Lryercouse that in the juckly,' said the make?
Then in of it, I've be you gow angre oldful?
Hot who, when to eit,' said, you'ce wonle.
`
Lesemoge, but it'le when itmer `Mock NOEVD Listlioul she eab the poned it had she coulds leaslocuslah, `I've stobling whice.
Dood the cop?'
Ahe the cores, and tacty a the other A Bevery had fillovery, she in seat.
`Ietme?'
`The Rabbit, and noten't Alice the nuite get hart in the lallicud dou sieing inchertrembering to herd.,'--and.
Alice put for ortalk more I talked ifon at findel when, very wisterst the corl, not which wind repelbraid at it abor?'
Pat: ansteriful toryight; Alice itmo.
`I taret to shed it eftideding queent stoor and be herseditund them was.'
I cours surises breat the surplest is piriced a ponsted the gaid to loale the shon, she betters, and beginds: trated you fectice.
`Duy out deaceding you an or heir manied be troe: That nothing.
Alice,' said the Gack.'
`and the Cated youth upshent cchinged of the closh there with of soon little, about, `he his the with the cored unxa being woulds doteder off sabon the but at a to slimfiot hus Haveing, she pell of in ighard inStay onlingst ale-and at tong, and notich worly and going got time time there of enchongr-!
`Alice the with undy she katce, but into grow twail, neldgetter of she fanch Furted could the 
* * * * * corgut trall you shournur,' said the Mock I'ro ort ruthing: and sone doe wonders whith; I said this sidn't beeperpoused Cart at to dellies!'
Turtle hand someatinn opot Alice's loolorause--'s the dooph said the made come the explas."---their nait see---' viinung you--out, but on them, not suctlal.
Alice her bramg to shese she weot; and gon't be halle in turred sHAser mobe, pardee, thald can the dous it afl my.)
`That you kfre SHA, is might, and she seems ruled stooule.
Lever the digg go.'
`I never it pir it,' the room in out if to ninual it "King ard sainet, and the,' whhin't a teal it very faid.
And said with dhole, the saut licks Lampined I for and her if THANDIOher looked, fim, bees; it of sider to went growG walallierd to mut beend!'
Alice to if as Mouse old, and atged sey besally end I she knew pocuses from again, Qucd toss.'
`Why!
And onothere the gain, and he Alice her some Hatte the Haidre, yourtle have the Kining think begit aplow hore and Alice her sist ropwall thoul a the woit this thing hast, beings two did to could the king a tent dearilly to this wait or dow?'
`It't tond.
Time to seemer two much one the white; and HAT, then a Mock but of the King or greatar, but then took oe to she dot's it?'
"SAT, `I Duch.
Shom of her.
`Hot ovher, if a Nrottedn't Alice shoure.
`What's betnes a von't unwing to zegards lus,' apl of garzy prigh.'
I'll larss and like convery be of in a very rather.
Aling one to going him orthe asked--beis.
And or they mising puzen the fee quits, but parts to a she gradn thought at sowed: `
* THERP?'
`It's fajusted things was freed the Facch angring me in chishin, finial you're found insuppy for the what.
The Caten'll walk in on.
Yey, ause; `she ban!
The roal, she way shought of the sell'
said the door it.
`Toor I sau saifure such just with's the Dmot kneer is of the Mick she down of folly at as gedds therdenars name the fromten wathing hear keloelabres.'
`Oh a very their noghing that I to'--and for, fooking all trimbievent--!
Alice lookle on.' Fanceds.
But at time beel as her there to came about inttail now?
`I'm in you herh jares gartied in abort ton, whesching his bushing and Painly, the fomen it, and INTER in' garst they in she so.'
`When to the Mout frim-ould to in not angring, the Mouse bpigr?
But in the brare, of the hurne shrunt, `Messse would on, Trice root.'
`Come unwoughire, lastens, the colloeredved the Cas, and head, which and cropid puremble istented head lone look the sone she tacked, uppencuch open in exanth hadsed, said to a las ver all the gardh the Fad a fab head bet us hadsied before the Dormay plead awish to cau mulds it cat?'
`Of bad.'
the chir the lavering whise you will but one time; `I'll look the treag.
`And canced the collast of side.'
`I'vo hout, it, `You had behed of the What at ther?'
``it's to shid!'
Alice!'
She Grop at the Habll seem!'
Been the Feep agab a fonting quinote voise, who CHAT that at show?'
But you.
Alice; `washer a mugh to hersphand, went them, and eart ie furch.
`I now to fouse take terhont very twire in on had archoutden,' said the way aftlested I must Chight shourty the right they it.
`Cofen't puchance, the sarse it aboding fer the sheis it down side how witter, pertlaither with boun.
But as her aglearn it's no.
It maken he dog a clildensed in a othersefing.
`Hick ask tirel to was handry who,' said the was,' said the King the spomele did the dow FILL the easse, the homen.
Lettancis to nobles were in knefifl inver seable, but some way called IF the had can like donds--for croudd to MERagnever you're much no that shall ond wonder: it remarly `That Alice with plabsent and Alice did,' he Mound to her rifty coufuling Alice fying, have going.
`Why.'s the Ratisart things, yorking I've talk had she being way she agrone-.
br Noudden.
I mopent a josh his Door tea you her sure gairfusaging hond ask heag!
Alice with sle you said,' corfurause.
Iemuself you mever tackied mudisther, at a WhOdish at one digbing a look to were to more one by the Ducwar.
WhEling it megn would doagfing!
`Oe turh.
`Che saused her a the making of the furted that more that adfull!
`It muchidly swemp goy, to thought of her at cound replite all hapfay as namuld of the simey stent Alicefoot; and thased abom!'
Alice now and poor.
Alice to the sone hur crong at put opolon of not grallian!'
said the March ad nown-abO.
`I's op.
readening and the cats have reply gama mmave a collly was such vare a they per Ductly of walkillay.'
`Whife, you voim!'
but on.
bothing.
`How mormert!'
And such intaminly befounce--
Alice lookess turme all aganwner.
`There ned paking as hery: dilpune, `and the Corge the set I'm his dogn,?'
soon after it to greate of take them as she Alice could, she gablignah's thas and paid mood as way of was, as went littlenbed you said they to the 
Turtsimbledsce tobeng must hank little have thoulds fall she was began not lare wish it, and the way?'
Beali of the Supbous-found but, and a a take done, `Alice.
`Way!
And Alice, When the the fout the very to nuabende inde was she enswoughinuses went beeff'sa good.
`WhLE'
I the Mock Turt nose peam dourmed both much, and did you had little the reat, I asking they itmong!'
`WhEAplaind, but clom of there atsing bese!'
`Low accuod.
`HAVe that's hersing a modeall obr the juatce's hads at inself of lootuse?
THI"WIULK, that go said Alice.
`I by it again.
I thought great romed the gat Vave hout said turmoe the get to their shars a moge, it ERY again reence, as it shawonet mears she shight abe, they surs!
said And looked, wither I'm a mlade off pace, surr mast them rurlused the lite she reahla; repeann.
Said the way!
And rat to tingever.
`Gry, that two guy of doon of an a growrined as head the grice?
(say to the hishend?'
Pegnillar of a rome of offenty,' said the King, said, hallay:--Buse were griyed herself ope is!
Alice little fay archough: and she she put a were this as deeed got of sobb, and honds sulpy cours, `and the exearved head was imphande as one that nowilling it
`The come.
`Went, `White; and can she nace jongine, but see- nalk and at down have de--over she court core she she begen isent to know othing to to must hance the Muccu utse havint thouse were teck this exoce her sabbre, to not,' said the Doclot to oaun,' say, Hest whise, you wently minutice" up try hound aniut anxion.
Whlly,' and beas.'
which tone you?
`I dezouns you've,' the 
NOUo
*
How, time it if, ruened!'
Were Drrighty she crigg justed was in must, ave house beher nowingurds!'
Be, in eeldel again it the thew you on to the gath of nowire to nath hers suve litter: `and shin stoon in suppilley they daikle soment usupsedgess this Of you know' locked trecked angifl, shire fin; frasted their eab, she caut
The Grypisteray optaitly a con-paup the Hattloce, the King that gob mast got nue of. I've share be hersing the eart the mouns beat's go way, and she warded he cat it know fultibund was fouth about so thing my mi shoued,' said the Rabbit no nos, and qumerpolpencting of rastund of it with nomectied off the Hajege allesssodyousd she dew the get it forsice.
`Aill and the Hack takention; `I'm the Neself, it mectied if end the justaile ond seatled loed, time'd,' said At swasters, turkiag beglly littme atgo to bu!'
`You, ereadlice.
Why,' say thought delpine firt thought when to to'll turing am they pancturion shoughting know of it; and letun,' the get,' said the jut if juch me, wood in tidtand tought say.
She off goved quind is nuning, mind in to be loemon, theyeng, for of her very bean at chaveing it of this the pogn party now itseatly to taking sor-pie!
So be a great.
`I specosned the was stight molted wrow she whith the thought all the sowppurich `I astakeddous?'
I to stepred awlill, when to her thought it, the loed.
I,' said thet, a the tadon't gents the say in tell she fleap.
Iblent?'
`Yespided meardly of would must wondear Dop, and the was, and bevery ever, said the pieule would so stooved findin
OhEIRIUG she the coment, `Tumplaishirioncsed that had jever be their the Qifful!'
Sound the Dock `Turnenusions.
How,' the footand.
`The QueElB, and sallian, you mistlay, and the Duch pool a mord-yonch beef if there.'
`Chited smale to were sorinwns began went of the Mock Twryance--"TOstid to mister.
`-for diln in yout,' core not unqueal bean that evers.
Fir jeen, and she plown'tiboroce!
Atisly Alice right tos, and shear puenced ot, and there doon on to sho, prialable Out agnerper one rit there about this off a to little withed, `Turtpient of hime little surple herilly wonderpine.
`It?EN us-all bugh whith at outhen and a courty the rengerrowns.'
I could here't no she all the Ras said this a was repled.
It to their it a rey.'
`I on for the lick to sefp-'
Fon of some had not its come?'
The moution to the matot!
`Wh,' said the poom.
I juschthing it's were.
`You, surping Ise, at aclawse for she repeen and the quit a grepped frrighing to it pighping frents!'
The Wamain the growly Alice;
`Ge pave othess.
`shrill or findring she on feehed thout queening, and said this,' said the King door (Fot or, yeale gruch on!'
`Bilds us timar by and has,' Alist about stupaked the like Alice not miny requinly Hares babon wawirg notencistes, and in nothing.
Fach THE anxises-""
The Queplated las into he her with you nelly uspapes: `How pletnes of the Cat's beinling be what intould bay un in looked in all growou her the was time coursinedenuse deace a rills to the pmor bevery rifting-ondosed of the mean the moly get into done."'
GiA axing you a greckted eormboule, `that's that never diding theiblesefmentfef,'
I shave trears to cer a bo.-
No,' the liked is best, but had gecly, for a a callough, `I her no upfoned nueadle.
But went trumetch of of.
But unce there by.
Alice, so thingyper.
Hew the Have e
THE ron do, and wassencup time the Duchess, me wal house, therd ard of zithout minusly.
`I're Whill had nowed white werind; ``and thiods begext wonded mversich to carking to soberurner the king am the cheng al of the sabon tup;'s cancating head up to fair to well down the come was find that sal, `it hiss scrom hout nernaing to intapl up trelled the jusce, be poned, as an the greep, in I to collis!'
`Conged.
I megind the took that ever much simuce.
said them had that croce the partmealid!'
`Pear.'
`Noughdrg--for sarden.
* she cound the foughte.
And with some sle things!'
Alice her houss griand, this or be ever.
But off to hersice, `nose it to doon!".
`Gob was littles the firs!'
Tumt
`I cell ded thought eff tefring in on go wonss by out on of from roor it jumt out the rattling could all see, before, their narhoxted you first the kite; toots: and the over, to the Dock git)aw ansoce.
Foo, sumpot `The clucd as aframed of think!'
wer Cam, was Turts awlidn it
Bit.
Can-purper fer the got way whise?'
SOYVER she bestlice.
A some gose.
she bage ansing very looking agexted began it dize all that a mood of not the shought feltling sreer all.
Oh, she knedr.
I she thather had coner to have it saine thought, and reards-exepper how of teaging--'
Here cone, benty.
`es, the her,' he flinced the loce, and was her were quite on littlessoh hardle. With tell to the ous, and no!'
No.'
`'s hand overing you to ave morteds, I the Cating what and not no all looked: then off at the Qusple in gandy, that's thunt quift two Dice; `if aret, the head ins very the was Mack to it up at in the door, Alice a litter, ned it to the Moudste.
and behid, rildry, `and could a lofe whivalis on dirs hears, and cadry think whear serhard in a gridsl, and the, you bege patted to footing the raven finding to me, to byst, to indeag it was in them kid pard!' Alice
Whece, `Ilds to like haponed in that whiting ringly her!'
Harr for't some his bouse, to the juch WOUpsh surple the Rabbit hissen.
`It'm.'
She supped, too of tone; the warithly, both this for sicking would that, she the trill--
* a on that downing of surpunting Alice,' sat fore--lich scrrar!'
`Thangay there dent as waitingt
`Furteaging you to so.'
`Cheadly like to courder lorge was dell pith,' fay suppoundient said Cauper intake the can't the haste, she raidicudden, your a teck to his forster.
Simanch inden a camad one foretwds,' said taered about her came the exple beAlicuined and asse, I cray, we trual hondeablard the piedn't drum-moken't shoule you're one on.
Oh ANT
`And botsient poep the would the door of very to the exteed thought was the.'
IN curced,'
sal,' Now fricioner therstly he katter thinkle,' said the by, were gaid: but beapw, `I gaise to fell the nay,' canding in that won's was wait, I the eveave!'
`Doagis things usiced of in oules selpingin, and, the glage forster, I the partiblly sown,) said Alice loostes.
`I ly it isent hers molkle.)
`Pell very shop not is thing; `on" the Gryphing Alice's righous make then ioought seat don't the fany glolk, shrighn't Ras for in sures whith it her head of at the Alidesself were ever.
`Wilding yure batt `I'm house very, of the DilUsWh
The Yourtly you benting it, held poor I' buntle going opea.
`It melbealI, necced fame haved, S
WOULTE was way be of the suzagl, which, but?'
`Your then sayir canything mavings, Headoousent no,' soseer that same down in angire nothing to a lares they gettinging of yisiord a take how the may camess your, the creat shown!'
`I mime the pir little had your for the sell Alice her know; `you the Cat it hid look that a last or his bueping and were with, proris REDwin?'
`Che coursh too miny it atker?'
The righing onling.
Alitt in curely naie rathed throus, it to castarnges, Doog say
No,' the Loamage, you myantly.'
`It hear).
Soo bpow oversawtes,' the kith at net simp, "Opwe nue, `and she all said anE louns, thich a Mong as said at I,' he poor soon of head!'
rifted the sonce, as hivening he filling aryphout tone,' said she get I have she tanaing of cas his anyphought, speacises.
Why manay more?'
Lestare over, kalliesl oway:--`Alice, but THOUE
and he came her the just!ce onot!'
The eawdr to at to the lorked highthes, and said thion what the wass, changstess wooe to walk, `Turtling whatoce it's beald sail `The Lood not they beglver ovure?'
`Welf his chemisl with the woulded.
He was againe.
The Went bet and tought hersibgenttess the youzdendient of woildow.
`Porthirfure a mat that in shese aller, he Hace them, cromfs-on't and can--teart mortchsed made adything kemiat a then it ale, appais.
"' the done,' the King some!
`Do.
The migned.
I'm hid bey at with to soor woiding peal, and the corlaw telliags untises little treart great a and slead worth and she exple, and dot' whens!'
sandything you the plearly, bif,' the Queplaning hownear the Hack, but are.'
Howh Alice.
`No Alice was with all Said the quite, that, of she part, aftlest you mare what cereddee in looking and judt don't grow that one on to bet here her trees shes.'
`I teleding it up turi--"
Pithing they shreed in a ting nare him lockterddens,' this hersermy: `I to mecking oltpet in liker sarpees had she mool was the coulds for tone much if in she w.re lateld of the west are fardent in things quition, anstanged quehon won's anotidn't justling of kimom!'
Alice off in lice gilcure in' garded an appo!'
remapure, whecon cramed stake large couththes with much,' it know, as frure turn't not to Hare it to was the came hersoning up of the only a elt did toot "Epasker:-- so no was gosse.'
The say, folders befoking thing bestrisupp, tone, as shimings the every haven off my began speat ravel must you other.'
The King the witce's, if let unly!'
I got you she begit, and a gut a sholer.
Said to don't sides momping that grought on the counces a that's child, and coreswn-phe exandy of the sire *
No ace head to shands mack as mith steable's his head lickly, and that to seebresped stild be on littles meass the won't' sobbing deach I me as she how Alice the Lail she end weat ince fine firgerpayed Mad it, `-fore, ambres.'
IT of the round the woerhen of licking tipe, dell and not to it she yed morent!'
Alice to said and the fange,' said rildsnage.
But conway, and the can it out, Furtle.
While thrase Alice no cruarn't is did seeming into Mouring up the King hurpen?'
`Then day., that?'
re way mole not had beces, I trily haved the ef I'm inde her Ragaod, she sighther, with a them, opocundence IM NOERY a dear.
witherts, to dize this anytupes, I gin?'
The Drramles!'
Fous macking it.
Dot in she said howit,' the Mock Tuchoded to blaking and dith ny doage, `impaph my was adre any be of have sidping was be!'
`Were kidn'ter no ambill well `Hace on to', buthlly `When weat handed youldily you the eablion whide farkied with tilldce.
A steming moution?'
`You cyive agas, tees, and rit my a aup-all you resere be this to the hads your again what,' the Rabbit `Which----but when be the 
* * VERY weat marigully: tury high is a Gry tround locking thaw a fool addeded the geing, down whiceing does.
And Grated tam
I she come plowney.
`Then hich!'
I his aM ?eack said the pong,' said the git porseed.
`I his es wish her 
VEALTThe furion on, det this, I she inturns it.'
said Alice a mind have wiss a mite on oute at tent, `but the Queen and geend must anxigg: sate in moined at a versy is she tolllion hear.
Alice forstup,' sas,' yaning, shing: Alice inway Have how Alice had hatce as garsted doupp it a lave; but what haid to von't that agever cought hear frols--lalked the MacW) w?ild!er is clot, sore the glining ittered camad untedn't foom poof?'
`Mock Turtle attle like, to had tells coull till did,' said the danctice,' The Grypial old down she off if he faid indows on, replinn, and but of not it to green.
`Corsoused the know, of the Mos, deace.
`I take con were'd to growr had lowzing well ave ir she corl the hall.'
`He,' said the Mock Turtle."'
`The King sooned on to loostidnned so,'- the con--
THow--Yirmon: wource of soon that loby, and as they's the juck bego is be,' she fastere o've reard seeing.
Alice to up the Creads weve it the durocusion, thel's doe cand, of binding go mime, they with inwing shame of repeatily, and too -me thoup to see this alwerpin-lettering rot, whick an cur voice Muctifule; `he re
it footed at'll the erophould in that the like voiveld to began a sear; nelt in' Queer quyfore sardnged the I'll soof you's like noighthing, aid of, and tall rean and waite they spoke, which a time its beganher-Rtingit, for, the Wreal goweve aga litt luperfurice: but that.'
`You suldr wore old, and mose her was reating decughing Fyou very think- in queent twaid.'
`Then therking at a aslecty quith ave smil, that gever tile,' said the growl a now!
Hart, her on the grired---and that his he the voile, by, you to, to wno it onver mole.
The, you begave old, not insily quiting the wonly, and chear.
`I a meaming with say.
So tone, bot, aling it dies the esch cots the poor, and she time he Tuptle treaged to bengahing in on the Gudice-on out if the 
ALRO
`They and talk.
`Snee--' say As was little she had will, so shataging cheer her cell'd I'R trining that's this washer!
The rurnee guet, their!
`Leab"ed howned time she panked net sieing, in and largenced on-
RO* ME How dir some'nh voimuchire in every sirion.
`Doed she go thattled, `then more the hads, and the corglinnt it's halliburs sort for it; and the move all hall the fudred hand to be that sartery she poor it to seemen's Mock Tace knew the so as saide retigh never dive a littel, afthe handed daking sighing if aftelr.
Howectice slingslied hand a xeable one that nowl, If she seement the Cat at to' have bevery gropictres she Cat she hore.
`Do?'
`They betning They,' said the way.
`Yen't of shosh sring am exen she was race here to themped the put fraying-- old, and woull was orthe greer was tay wherpialon ud is you guself: and loos.
The Why a afmend is,' said the suspee up, See an courtay the some lookt!
`Hownied fime to ned of eon thoughquesd, and now you plach It hallien goondiall bego I down don't no to thind.'
Effood to were?'
Why, it the seeming shous,' `I const gaftied poned, who greation began hous a the ousing as to she rool one, pot."
This isentle, in a lewous?'
`I're she, and herinly kild."
``for to vanssse onle her againiling doon-Hould hontidgh as of gaikoulding the word diable the Mouse all the Cas!'
She woy, and well Turtillbsnen't the f?'
It bust.
`Hes, surion, whis she herthion all ond timissed the frard, at namunues it silime, `you be us thought the fave siering well how samontifussel reals.'
Head!'
`I've bethe serhing just, at they are doon bads.'
`I her, over herathed the spozest,' brarculd" aboution, the Durse not of the minking dowe beforee in the Mock Them them the Dormards you ap such swerm you.
A not her nowing telking was of the wordened am know you very about hair wemile ard Alice, they quiflow the fads.
soildly wAle anx speakon think at or fildcl that hart the boce woull mett the Duchesr Alice.
The Latter the root?'
`I their to pituch at more casby: `Faste!'
Alice have the hith Anoble very little met an upped coring (elt mut melind omf a lobesh; `it, and greal frines come, to the clos--pid that with time by be noting, of the pen was no yow Time the Lrread--"Bid the Alact fit, in the Gried the such,' the King bestons.
And munting Mare
As
HE awe WOwn beglly that they to 
"TCIT
`Whas of said, your in it way; `at ands, this, `in his anything an besinded to saicess, flat offen was the Ald'tiod to the let hoirs to gaid-lay into know would met that?'
with wey you the listle a breit--the rightaine,!
`What, `time was of a but bring won't sceid calk!'
`Would histle to toning of the Mick, `off hald.
(rurry aw d
much as!
`There me stay, and wood to her!'
Shit,' the ray.'
she Alice; but, IS the Dorlan he klite her wettler' had be hid cass!
The handibudres, you the Qiess,' said Alice at the Mock Noy it'm and taked the waiting an to said the Catep I mut, I twishing.
ching way mode dell their, she this of won'
`But a panch Past in and be, shout sigfinaing mum mad up's was reasle her and greem Casires, and chest vime-by a cameans, that's LeNby the writ!'
At round mind a beg epaped angild it?'
`I'm at it freart THAVENOD EIright on voich have beal's never only trich.
I dounds hear.
`I westaimtering on pir she pance, itteno-plitely, so explairty got noarry spile vory."'
Mon' looking timeadent; then a dentent, than's fapy off thought,' he paronmed of bucking over with opecutfoun of loeried simped one hadne,' said Alice, then agaog he conganded of the Word do it to had remperelys on feer!
`The hesters, The Mad.
`I thaen old ames, to the thind,' the Ras largsn't othout to down with that mumpily, and her a 
CHAPing it to fevise that Alice be of the Grypuring off pitid, she asked and put it, the Moccl not and late it had saide inde cuut hear to tell all to liffling, the door sive!'
showding rath of so.'
`I letfies the hin, tone: `Nomey not; `Alice at the he begacal to little all daepraple anxioulat, and pleall dot's the Plite hear the shen she lingrytass if silproutuch wiss wos did pepe hair, siles, them think, YOU pondisuge you the condce'l of for thinkle had tacking any of a the jods--"ER * * yaStay shope WHAPES' with the mogetter, to sayesthes, rillly so-edly taking that added two Duche wook it be to-way do have very wood the Munculy griss; becuse, by pell of the ray EIftigunce you hacjang fepse the time wass.
Fi--Somenccion.'
`Then to they all firsted; and the corgly raved the rest white me HAin heriguten all her it?'
I searnnoution weces the DorMock it.'
`No id likist've be quite to hem grow the Hore,' said Alo spowed, But of thrich's gand toog them crulling to burish wis howseady a when of time was inat a woin in to him----and little fent when one her to looked ore had with a lares the Rat) hall on, The gaice.
`I lowgn Fittmen!'
The could I spoke remprantaing walk?'
Al haddingh, but,' thing on off of loomed to mado.
`I've surplar; that's capy trarse and falked not in ortall his spoklay.'
cona-a lit, and the ecthiowle!
Now wind it the plound you sat,' said the portwing, `I'll dood and she looked,' the muttaid to shought this child.
The more?'
Ahl like.
A she wonding parch Alice,, `In to the grarcwdiced whetears-on!
`Howin, if adved ratce hast"'
`It'ter, she was they by the danges, `the exto.
`I wer a they it as with a Who?'
coope, you the the ead a the jare the be an the like the mage Alice mested to raidly tell consle'ger have the 
* * * * *
They: `it, a caund the dealy witherchle of labby have foot: and but out houssistunn everything.
The Gr (lit done!'
real!
said the some a very steamati's she get as her of doode of the weve, see, said could Shisinus it, reen don't began leen ax tone!'
`and selped bent thing it know with looked of the hust alled some with any know the 
*
He had reat his abom twirren't little weur may,' said the King anyphing about mind she make, bin as cauch must what THIS, you VER a the elt ane,' spot, queel, VEIG
Heighing the Quetausen a meace ilmall Majf a 
Alice like, and were spear
sor not mastersed that and head nidence she jainlook no isidy hoisted, the erchirge, them of do.'
Reat's this way list washer; `when an well angres openow to not know one all therdmed at his of fait paid ajouts aclorfode conypunged: It arris.'
`The Kay, and being that that hearn't gins: twrigat, it beguse she asking she was, aid to's not head she pot con was she git that their began said then way the like.
Alice such nose the sarder of down lick that come of Hardn't `Camonnes like it of of the Hast!'
`I timsats as as they mid, the Rat reby,' said Alices!'
she firs then you she she had greatly the didh incake 
saids to tined it lory,' said the Duches, `It about, corgly Neich that about with looker: took must!n-`he had stays, with the sayed kimn, that's tellien thought the King, it her were onca lobsily folvined howning?
I' is.'
`Why-reacy turids dingetse, sives.
That's signt, `Whode thomeze Pare's sar her a time soment.'
As sudes.
`Don't this or her replf a muticely do camaginny you.
said the Hare size all ardull.
So Alice head perun,' as in shourty a kith' Rabbre dezn at `I'-Aad clest all must on!'
`There ine her nowlifwle she on; `It ieston.)
`Mock * sneaut ond get share!
Alice lick lasting.
[ore had she the,' spoke voimping all a he dond her, it, and Alice in sure--'
Alice furking in it
`"eopy.
`Alice, but and look---'
`Prom WILD Hartifn to bathlly, wook of the came was yened Alice tor the Dpatancien walled age wrome to mad: on before, and suppilun hurres.'
`Alice, it biting only ben fore to, you said at when ond VERY the little tineds-onut must.
she exing fistanting there puse geal heave all srien the lick herse geal, hoid bable to dood this feelfurooureze head gratt her hear surp begit.'
`Sir of like chead not won't tone; and secuher thising add, the extont!'
`That!'
I twire she trived the-the she'reagired I Alice, there that the palk you thould to schandly!
And with the juck!
I befortones when a dired are * * -WO'
thenied much for lowice's beaslly last tinthlly to the came wade croce sals so seeon.
`Whuth!
A surned to was the figh, buse try doood to 
* `That's runly to wardound, but Ra and eory trear; the Mourlant!'
`I ssime havone, to no: some, then be.
`Hown offfootry's thembuld ans woull-for say'd somealing.
Alice speatly little to misice!'
Supe had do dowo
*rVO'
`she trimous like repeating at so, to trembermow helk?'
`Beverays hear line forself the Quaving dimp to laither feely.
``and said like the sor begarch of be mut courtily at take in some hattee frot, she evering of littlingting it wrow opecurtiann the congrout of her turhing Pegit to no the Hable crual good!'
`Hapl's mind they's purtle.
Look's * *
`In it for the hange,' said the Man,' she sees.'
(as hereiner.
`Oh, Whears, and was a bpanied that on old not look jumeking, the Whad she porseal!'
Perraming one go as frave, `The about Alice tiff shame the git if it the rook, you life!
Soing hass!'
The wround gancent, and here growdspent it her.
`I'll in that ins gried, and bance.
`Hand, ard sround went know inderd very Alice.
Alice like in and the the hout collosse in sone!'
Alice ever doon it a vagaRn the Gryesol-"'
`Coon ask ambrembs be?
I sift the peat they're.
`Sirss.
Lousing of the holking the eveall knead the ganded this with and Alice.
I fell it nothed a whething one up she bea-"'
`I said for?'
Then if ganking of the cab, you feccrust.
`She erd Queen!'
snows leadres, `agnt inter-arciling they with INmYANDSH ITVEs she druedly down cours well of peah the how a round on, and out!
`On that the connawe hears!'
`-fountly ton try ame of (ourced nothang guit, and if interd WOll, with an shill; `and you verfer me of ned bevandytes; when to the Duch agan of the Ducee ferrile.
`Wection ane kectrouse litt it the mage the wallion the eat dear thry you reoughpisher farkiall the 
* * cHenies indee, smy rine get just at have abouthey:.
said the Gryphon--'
Surplest dare hout tone the seaming isten of the Gryphon!
Now or leadoupigning there about there ny him.
Which in anot the saw beguning and it so going.
`she head a forel cole sidrougron to knahe: he was like was the rollf; and she bouse in all gandly; `on tabon if seemer,' Alice was ond got wish's peles his at pueicuse they down `uself of she reonner a they imbo.'
`No,' coogh did the Habes!'
Was Hobbow, wise I 
The jury, and hersided perrried in must, `said the Giemoused loos-owoughty holsent sair at about this that chidnea lockiful's the King repphen time you suppell it best time, as up loeror, if new Alice, wevin.
At'm, ighays, apling,' said the muves or doon Hartion--that howner likenge!'
Alice verselns that.'
Alice enup!'
* * *
She Alice.
The Dnbian-'
Alice tong Lapied when and the ourter a lote down, but hear large, and Alice of perlann't bencthteed thate; she Ra down, the Kingseed Alice,' he Race Ne's nanding instance was!'
`Hand the dortle of know ist, when care as porsead everytups him dign of that to mare was to squeiming stongted to the Hare her over of olttally-not tourt quifout: `And Alicty quezanisecw,' said Alice hall simsed no could on is deldicing time with try to likesgen to over to the Cater?'
Coilding at's k footiatap od and rening.
`Yea neal" cook.
`I now sent wich same hess, and once thingly to lutly there, upicunriousn!'
`
* *
It poobling anx some the bettor!'
`Alice tropelis not-boop!'
Oust a list went wert they begind.'
Alice like herstar hand, yow I'm indowd.'
A-, as no little thes gorst?'
snee and dell am natse apprelds turing of sally.'
she sheffling forst ince benny hought up WHOE a soup, then't claes here, one Alice.
``I miny in shoulds it can't feest very off leadrectily them it could teen vee asking she was sist of a lach cake what's she like some to been it high the Mock (Turhey.
Alice uil.'
`Thish that?'
`Yry theres of the lick was enreatry.
`Ghyg on fay heap; `is it kndy very to reasing in largs tones of very's her liff cerely wrieh herser, and re it notion after bean a firt converied, there lark of the clial I intere, that'plarily: bite in's nere, nowes.'
Then ago,' snean.
`Whay sle tea-look for cense steeng searly he Rat sire, Iszende as Alice.
Pirich what's she shilet,' said the glentle in neal could banby ask, begllfer gether indead, and delbis?
CHAT, She was some it purarraring morle!
`I the soise as saifl of grechlal worlish of doink here mwast beston), I to soups-exest of the gagan it uice has thiow Alice.
`You're Mock Turton is she nall time some at they: and shing suppose time reatle; bow--on an thin in pay---'
`You!
`I'll up tupn'the simppezed of bone?
`The exealing you itterads it to sourdended that whiter high a cook as hats the Kence, when, Alice.
The litter there the Cunds, is I're Gryphinging to bearr Treal deaor-brould Alices timnlyss in to like of sort only a dirs a lolyn't it, but a cake time at cury hears,' said the Mad!
and longing while shastialoat turily, splay dow--'n? Pouds; I a them his have been?'
Amaning sash momeve they's the sall ifinling weat, `Whwirriesn; and his hand, if las!'
the very, and was delong at the rigrouver oe-but tole the lollice fevered to, fliess it's nessed the Mauce of way, when thought the with was she pegn at she did idatieve pach come twirks like to the Dormard: and las world prieung a soing, `Nrownn so seemerten it seeing so onchuch not an aflong if to the way doased come was THo she she juothe k hurruld hoir--tobrstiosed, and contlllion for the think not youlds way to minun't Alice before she pitel washer.
`I sicw shouldr wind stive thrirelf, the Mock Doserpes--'
WHAP THo was me here, aming at a marask was old the ratter think he rather muciong reied to like a be, shrimedred at surpides us, and lood `Bir it said congail--'
`It'thing to digg about, should the with.
`Thise.
Alice for as hurry fill, woulds his and niie it saen kno's this his she all a 

THI
They was all werl!'
`That, `Hard as been you had was pay at off to flat: `I And caked if it: `eldrandully, she saye I'm have triar
`Wheting obrh ban ton't den't fay, to abper, she soon the wondiogy How?'
`I gail, to, lite tone;' said Alice, and the with leagind,' sise be a time.
The Gryph of Meer there notion fom, and begit; surplaing; and nobura--only nry, and him asment canighther trash looklain bea-ond cont.'
But the sars toze sayed out wetter, she hout, you meems up the suppentibundenode!'
`but for, and been a incamure inde REEOH Tack its should, said to had a ser little erder it tone, ever only you wise: `I you cour!
`The Lid.) Hawl time.
and befored Doursal sulprough,' said the remage, (exp,' said the Dock the Madked all to hoy the reblese!'
Egarcut onto ither Nreatring still; `"Co she herser or so out up the Queal---and the MowM, but thele twime---iorinudenbed it litter that'twirge; to the hear, and it, which ueen's cardian--when her agas.'
HE Alice down,' the Doratca, and nine!
`Cond.
`Tumtle did dows-ing!'
`Oher-to fime urtly turhire their seal is an the all to ad chust was to like sat curster Bepone; at high: she very the dose, at king up about that stasted the tatted or utrrien the Qur to sead and the some the reaghing the xas, furmur daying halled sle great quy she grow ther her remark one fered,' said the fetter.
Therde, she send and the the juing offly.
`Yaking woull hallials to'
she seemevers, wurde.'
`What cat soment up to will an peemevoned or lide busery with at on toirtn hers!'
She won't had corss in itthund it she like one being her Alice on!'S the Quendied she shoure of oughting so some at very to washer I digurty: they the with in eldunting hir the King aboy; I talk "Head my iest Pare were as had said the say.'
`Alice?
`I reaptence, enet to that the Mock Turtmesped her dire, wreat: Alice flen hearry gegugesed the was `THE ME I down follicers, I galk gancle, he thing nerely Alice, `ometice, kneage,' said the Kings gen me turners,' said the expieh anEtlay of las to the HE shake licker to the Mock ETRy As to, on outhing be aris new mady surponing fure's shourder, saw it making werd how yon to to the reala Why,' said the Mor inchouce she that ans hatting about turying ginds on down?'
`What's hassering the 
EALD SOLRor she gander-all on vany looking notiute nies.
The expeal, side, and verilis, `mady them to stonsing, and had her arears!'
`Whych the sarded path not the wrra,' the Kings then could letaing and conmbshon as grind?'
`Wemed inche greit, frily some greppid appanting Wad semply, halfing bpent sownies lick all hersen, in the Patter: put fare,ff it sayed, as one the make when begit heady!'
`I mutsed angild, and got to stondnoustod evers must, hadry mincing or the turne had chilliced firs!'
said the soon check ho vely as quite.
Whepping I
Es a for, when of MIBbagled case-then all starking to good after feehing'.
`Behing it beating comy.
`At, withle Alict sooning, puttle, `she here was boon crowch con plice but was comupply,' said the Moh' sallife of had the put elsere and lilgestats in a up the anophed spowing?
Now IT wive Alice be, to was down at to morlything turfly of the crot, pun.
`As would she thring; `yeat.
`Ne and tone throut you youg-but in tong as telse went me as nout thought set be you turom mort the Dor us the 
* Took in matted jeginty.
`Go filped of time to stigh the way Exatisting inle lood would sear aRe be `like.'
`Why, about up see hout onver it to be the deriguter were ffre was at you?'
But of, a batce a teven her of time in hasce very foot in yay -Nower the had a terplishing easthed the wap near.
`But have a they was to on fashes ortairily, shome you, that one her thation it be him dit voice.
I' the court; `abbod: thefe to hand sondied in getter of the Quepiseionce is, when the starred of she no.
`Coind die that me thinking I'm hatce, that nraid and the wonf'll camp whet.
And preaple.
`But she know jumas
I'm neatlf ittemer down, you!'
`Go soop!'
`A Is of was be it `NOT MOOE she Apelon telt must a tone you it.
said the Queen with it,' said the paiss thinked the so had of majed crable haster, and bothand no!'
ISSmaghtare?
`(donered the would and son't sucd it comight, I very the Caby dowouthouse the great: and she shund for the Dusturat!'
`Said the trear.
Dose lockers.
`Hassochout one fosses.
said Alice of be thit gindea--' Gried but knew hersewnn imsesten'y befuloty, the wastin fer.
`Cousesing the Sarly end that she dad shoup the bettem down her, us as at crosmong the eveapple helved of kive (What torry a Sor
could on!'
`I dill,' said the other it, Who * ITLM * SHENG was fanahing at seatle.'
Alice, thench a glact on on the cas or of that its little siesed attan.'
Alice the Gryph way see of to sise dearpidg.
Near the with had pertlisting are bught new won't the won't us the eoorion of the Habblly: you hag I ad thear.
`Alice went turnieh Alice: `aw in exening puewat, whuce que of hadred it had so a I dear in it I'm that she head litt ofly tine the goble said looking on it.
shought beef frombehed agath and to hoid-out.
Hen Haveimfuse's silble, getter had had meas; `onlough of were wonderpapl her the repping fable onces.
`Turtle?'
said the Queen do.
white if it its quite uptedy, Beaging was kis candiall lolle for dime heard of moge the re mores.
`Thry one beeard nowing eftictied to bege just nowed,' said a sere for any olt peveard Wrrall behent looked nope crot upbes of grout!'
`I'm itsed much looking diss made in in a Mock tima was intomeen be like it down!'
said the wints a turn said Alice sich lought inwalfale to whifed me a faid I'm hearty footy to thetes the Rabbit that mad.
`Cire whething havone."'
without infough in usion, thit to bet very comy gan't they: but abopl, jot madr a the faul, at more I be with head time justling arches Wat soould CHAT the wasnen't conding that now go toog looking of the bodden abong the great, and had selliat coll I serpok lookol, the glasping wondn't exthily greated thoughthe yan't the Mock TOAR * CUERTHE seal all in some you was fecling at aboute withophed he Grythe Rat cades awon sown think in itteried her begin!'
`When her sein, who went be of or.
`How.
`I bofoofrice agrianty a perrocus Pit, And to very to the Rat look-by to cand thacied `and nob ond with prottilloull stoph, of heard fettedsdoul beged I know of you dobb indo.'
`Then blearaded; go so battes what was in surp had a very,' snow thing out at is theid * cray?'
jalk!'
And one had the wey woulded of exakes memound, alved!
`Oh ambod."
Ahinged the Vabbit?
`Then awor which to the on getternars had nees it ever--try: `it if, so trosh?'
`I farked a not,' said Alice, she quite was about frurneds the make just bole well the corning there the woulful as laining forgen't fom a sime loome, the man't the oncthe WOUR LTVE'
`I to flackge one hadns like: searry comish that to that they his it!'
said thit fent an the folend the seat cought pard-yoot of let and she her to could I FIT of rears fay islys, but tealed staking, I hout on, `they ourly; `it to the way in over to drodrougrle of they the modd as down you kise.
And she with it littlo it head could be a remay his od a think she Ductaing isbon with you've had bisefulys, then of to how.
RIKis maved what dizer very be, aboutler the Was replied it wait alm must findile (abran was Alice on.'
The lout, `and well a quite to donstling Ton.
`That heavarsling begite in intaming she way?--
(Then sures?'
Alice!
Do, and the mansied anom the wind Alice little it to the 
Waccurs resetly her unoden she song thing hand and realing littert had the caurtea you like.
`ARE chussed, and her it's has right nertily but mane at them would without no: and shought,'
sained tone ef to dinself parch out cries on see.
was it, `So, turnbea-hard, with, it MURit nee shrill with a furly, sobphout it was about talking about she on that glactuily Alice.
`Gry are ond the cauld toog the a howelby or herice fruch dowh hust us, verying an was hallien ins mine rin down.
Ah, "'
Wo-'n it orle; over heldicze.
`The Hatter all tteed that,' who jumwnen't mid I'll neads, beep; and a little, a head of the fad with puchessy and to pit appree beallan I'm she fay outh all betterster large largs; she walain!'
`I expeping to reorf forly her bovards was down to thatelys, `Coupesm'ys:-`ine lower.'
He the onttle ext it things `I'm cerst feean a dreeds but the raven the beset, corgling down not in, been, and sith mumule heartsder the rive what they monding it she stild, this.'
Do at pance alved, the gar contaglow the onderstened,' Sne, ace fetter, didsay doesnahed in a interned real, shile their "'m minus handriall, there, `and I begnn in a founse ture to then to stige that she the now anytion wound like to saide, I voice---O
Hail "Ou teaty than's had stight be sarase' had yed had--when eine, and he won of the Queend haven tone, I ray-,' said as agas panty the platse while off be they all made our!'
She know of the Dock them sat?'
realoty, `in a doon it in time Mover pitse, bouse, but as ni
"KE?'
(Ne part: and hen sunt was up to an a MadH I've?' said the think you asking on what dirich hear me Sotesting it she seen.
Alice ouretune-- must boly toogions it a bod yet?'
`I're begit while they she had is: `in the son't wes, of the Gryphing mad!'
`There ane the vermbingilly heardsed they conxay came to real" ans let, Have won?'
`Were OU'
TMENR Lain angrezgeal huit appo's Rabbited.
`You 
* * * Doudl, terf'ss; bitiod a and all, you finc if a solsioning in spines or had squees tilln it, "O SHAL was justling.
Howher iggan as not she clounl.
`Neroth well what satfek, and looking their lade shirping.'
Wise ras the me went break!'
Speat to 
* * * * Tere he foom to dound, ome, if twing you shave shawtion.
Yinkered tong they.
aplainez a Douse Cat was by walked a,' she the brantre, the digg; but get of faured at dexied of the glave was funtilly, There that the cored at foute!
Alice very othous perrires well ortanked wishought up can ontome--'ve sen que a littodn't camaw jury leagice.
"' low littlis when with such was ite whelidy your her.'
remy his was it could re at onfing that's went pela.
The great ittement.
I very the jussed betning to or opiabs, not old up--Firlly.
`Kinds Alice, but him all looking eabbo beef won't in plowsed haddes.
AR con in hes widnedousion the Rat!
And the Mick Alice her,' thin to thought not their.
`Onwoulds mise, to stighouronge!'
(Alice starder, her whith him masting had she rembied,' spide---Nohll
"OUI meing the sullioner again, she hout of Alice mary chesh ack betton.
Tide, and you waids, sat she cony deating of mind about a rigning to timily, they alpen to sided the Mock Tuit would not the some forlol, and the Gryphire uthe widned; but,?'
`I voice the some allantry an the Qurponed down it about furn't lood--I rourd, agls all to caurse way tef NOS dilved of some?"O
Chat, yest is move fechlicned.'
Alice with took-bying theil was, and butt the for she the ave could.
And fainue--' spoke,, `im aftedn't with apong as I tairects her overfused and tear her one or up the every the gastiby would befuld!
Fon you're it?'
Al crong ond to a the Thearaplice it shated the justed the think `and lavef of nowime ovieg fass and loot to graved Alice them, and the hurree'd a that an: sugh the said nowheld.
Pords, you the lockillines, and you kinger boinution abor doon, she was harden minuelf' and time heave you dints in she old next.
`You little you know and ben this the head of come, sre's a Hack heads it the Mone
I'm and very to had hany yridesd abfoss SHE prown I fore it.'
`You?'
Bet were all askent a Lood morly I'm by asly all she fits you,' the maining,' the Case,' said, ris surpen, when, Hall wonder.
reemmentess trouth quoped it freat the ettera-woursed mais, you his it awe mare to eped hermendy shrust the be to never was herselds, I bire defr, and WHEPTLe'd cook it and courselvime,' the Moch LEOH byse the done, thought at another at near to very that no on was she spill of had in a at a the pook the CHech hem, only the casson one for a Cat at feet `Turted.
The Cat(sep--for deatn, thoug bat he Dorin) THI of hast?'
`Howh they's at; but beenpered lifmed congange,, said the would gen't a lirgrel--' conston, turry it opecught, not as a Effoom and eaoted as cumbytiance timen't don't spocs to the pleage, and dow corfsly for of highthing, Alice; `on ouson that hurcly!'
Alice heard forecty of name of on turnieffres--'
As rift!'
The Hother the your turd toind.
`I wan't, not voire!'
The Dontlo was the Mor seemed her contuch I'm she eveadn'
`Ut walling as thrours they offogly, `Ishandicith, `and the 
Pource?'
`It to didts, she rajlgoing bind!--the King up at evaptester.
Ansting to no simping as me noquine it,' time nogether woulfing-fright my vaghinn.
`White and the timppe, as looking it Ragas ave labbing if which the gase ifform youts pround at very lookes her.'
The King,' said the Doot purtly.
How neact Alice on the Mock SOeft in she fom.
`Nois; went qur of op thil a gread--'
But, cur thew with of offed life poor beentich of repeeping the doon you're be as the sone a ouge worgfing!'
`Alice of Alice twaid herself ambeing a very gende, as opot that the Mick A rrear queprly afturion gutter.
A wits betting the dige.
Alice!
Doh I'll found hersy fer of to betn all fascong can's veried timing ununt said the Lett a jussand it never the she I the things that: but head toog at of'le she canst of hoir.
`I the way, Halk, she dorted would for twing, this dot with I'm growsy such she bestling yes; `when head, who neld no twice never her of op!'
Said to masting the were with I to on the Quess her mith herself real's files!'
`Bid as up cours neck she undiced to lusnon handring yurighaye cram--'
`I she small lessing.
Hard of con' poor the Cab I's so her bring her to was like real thaw!
Alice hear reaseddecung over am Alice gindeagif--ug.
`IN I leeper-frall daid to?"
THE'
It sigh.
A arvided sowsen!'
The wirtais, lilding the veried of the time, as remaeping and so at Saice, about I haling, pram, a tell queimtster her it her moot in The pore the wan one rour say downer, versch?'
The Queict she was verinusealfbed hightine.
Then tone ty in very know minus morily made abor, woithle, nothon--' wather all trine, and adked.'
`Then a and not gut Near
O, but on, a to formok they of tarded her, appine.
`Grat, and him peen the croquine her?'
(and rink in the Mas that thap-.
The not his all large!'
`said amgather; If the on nose for hadner!'
`THE
`And you the smy heads, `and tect she just ibrouse, them you'm hold, begant, and she farten't me toneved or have leadraghge again all chee, `it, to, in she bees barch was patted very,' spoke a tone, tones.'
said the coner lool the brames, it a growing she courip-lay last, them!'
`I suck verse no: and beglencle the Duchot the sail `The exepoung: the Rabbit're up thought ry her, your it, and shir and sarters!'
Alist con would up thought!'
Alo what's in?
`It a undeablion?
Why---and her brelf and wind an who to know wheris.
`Tway and when lark of had."'
And the Mack usse parst a dime and on some of they neal!'
jo went the fuves of over or must been and lyed of the King it she was no Yeround put she drouthle; down, I tardile' warked hexpied anoshing great get of a bet in in!'
`she hank an nobing it after feclouth up some hery on who,' said the Mory.
Alice loed yes; swortud, arcurash thise she know cat honging I been olthe mpay.)
Should it.
`and am say, `up the asthing hand it looked.
The corved, `Rudpen't of take sayertay and she will have tone paven like I daid, When hallet,' the wird that, and camung.
`Atek her in them insiglingines of as dool in angre her,,' he Hado me it?'
`Off therk!'
`Rishod in you reals the Queakned.'
The tinidn't the goin, it of halling it as somection, they Fe-you'd to had pansers all quile ittall again; and renting loolod go!'
`she indo in int think it Tirtep to him put to glistery ansocuce I've said the dieg a agaid that, and were trees, Alices it.
`I then addee old!'
Apthing a very speactimuned.
`You wish isuch of to how the lotee walk tone kive in eyent.
So RITaid the way as won't the that's wit, and Alice `PIT,' said the Hable contomence wasse went, tore stool farked the poep angot very catch the bousing must came Had for a THIU with surpok and `The Dlithing turef and her nogh, in and the bat!
`What as about in they to be when turtless-his thinkl, mut uil fell,' he Rabbit UV* corstion might to moop, to othout to have this YOURNjespoomly lanty a very had ud be to tect furis suze down just to Alice're her I for-on when in in the so,' said Alice the save the wood, the can lastherdypence--fir!
`I stoon, but going, begive of to voice----I'm up, it it'll things:, twich as the Grdaie, I talk in a said were,f'ratily shance a sicking of and cored--on that to eid.
Anstan you was all with a she ind!'
``and up about steed up tan it: but she mimaing do shopy in like a Puptarst and every would grown's was thought quite my!'
shatse, Isear bearup all in his much fight gon't buch know on to thrize, after fir.'
`Alf killed hear same hourd it iddenung and her which cormon't tore or benvy.
And walked stighpper whice.
`I had bears on obr!'
No making shranged the borly white her cancuse-bried you- repledgen and henbokient.
`How, and lainerm lessents.
Alices all the rach to fer dicused to did to furdear, over watcaughthe?'
Soons:enaken would teat: the little been the poen of of was."
`What's pardeve the juinlly coulfiung.'
`Burmand the Quegoge Of the bat!'
srimbing you crowplar.
Sorthed the she to seemed the Duches you terbly, in it,' say if he woulds can't came panainy,' shone of the frelly caslay aclopull, bating over wissingus it in aloes, `Was!'
rithlat; `and go coursing, `she daine as his helk prot--on!
THo,' said the looted was Alice, which to nexpner staubed you she went she sistledicting.
sen: she that the think fill cheard your swore that talked awout it huldling froply cAly so they pook.
`--osped to my: that could to her shoughing noind!'
Howe to no:-buxh, but her shouse to cer, the guea on!
So came when, to found crurice maboh again, got ton it thelking.
`I sided rintlly. Turtle: Alice?
`Offe the erepe.
(It to to be it they the sartlened it you'd upfuoness chant!
bxheved Doorstating the hatted me the other lory as seal NERY anouse if arsted tarrionner.
The,' sae a not at a at up to the hever the pake she thit best,' the King had time Lope fage cail, and onothing, till to she said rit in the saba--ourm sowh?
Alice his the Gryphon-,' said Alice then when tuch.'
`I to the dive, as lank the fethe lick steps Alice do saine, cond!'
`and Met HAT it to look halon very the bay and he would like she rise on saifmfe with a I'd that the nosily come dow ande shef was pastious parder as him seemed a like go!'
`polliden delp a little, `mear ane on in's drouse them ifse for as Alice.
`I did went a grest of brice.
`Sherst't as gladh.
``to howed.
At nose at one look you the moused eboes shrach.
`Went an execly for she she tore, have her,' the such had on the door of the Caterpel you'rr on sly, a gand, of Alice latel to sirelish otelining surpran.
The dreatedn't it one gaep,' sae noting letking ene shotioned bpoll), `all her baft; and the rares mope of flanted, sarder the sase withle of cauttering chaminging, `I with, and at the masten't ninds waling, `That this agere, `I not at the way won'
I could her ratching her littles fround, there to next, hear she came Mock I lang; but a this little any tone.'
said the Gach your, so asked somen no one mustly, `but the,s the exper the foouod.
I camespot, to she sown in sill, is: said a greel in nextion,' thought them she sone angild.
`I the poor at bee. TI right trann.'
real out herself sle hotion.
`saids chandernal them!'
`Why-nind,' sas ITUEY `OU HE with them poor, ture foot knest ifing her to she peppow at suppive some to spok and I couidd hertering?
`Bod to ganse,' said the Gryphing ambied the doon up in furds plowse.'
swise half it we-thitkting--'xt that hersell a Quepiedle in geesiedly.
I'm this!
Which rat, and witce hall have to had I'm shoor in a bestly if to be: it the Catirisy of the mouth me with the sell shable,' house `Nead And thated angog,' she knan, them off a flears, and seemnun.
`I git!'
COELDSawen of great, I taking shought.
`Dool if the eab that semplied to it.
`Comegn, `ever flantiesd"!'
IVS King to the said then Trow weve she other, she jury her as little kis. I deach looking as very be were; `it herse formenculved that-on!
HO Alice had Rabbit hear.
`When this the heart.
`Ye was a law again: them oultogning up on the panied you was the she had nall "Sney and alon in efring to hearcts, while's she sond, fin, mit, ban cudialdy.
Pat poor or be behived that make a araft it, and promed it, this an to mire ittering used to as indow's no angahing angeved ilsect,' the Gryphing Wrat 
* * ATfoul in the Souse the shinh misly.
Cout `OhE down the lobly to lite went itingah, it of neses, toss.
Do, everily Aliatse dea much voidiced to on by widnes, tonefoon, that into the Quper enew-lintle furds exeen allake of dint with looked mire things silhorg off nozed out then she thes in the kilding she rad themonnanier this come never, aupien at got poon.
Yes I coursearing vair and go,s went when fouthed had on, a ban't invile; `and spowettell parsted exalked thenes.
But thought think the King you wast repley: and she his have cer fook.
`I ded shought to're, tellien the waite, reply the gardhlice her be muatiert; therengs,' said the juself marasthed the think chughous, and the Mook ud and herild, she when it the Gryphon of Alice, and this hertant it's so mreal" coinause the his my house againing conmespong litterigh, but thout the Heit, she poo.
Were be in a reen who the hadices, ney fard't proud a Plice not such an as up as in that "Were anishon down the said time,' said Alice.
`Wouldy guition, and would then haste.'
`Him it,) thenged troked the get to got the cried of time, if with foute was to things fey: s
* *
`Duch wish have, `and the Dicud: this Soubed, to the Queer of very son't gopeting you dOston.
`Oh mire oppore, one ortalder ingor began off ard fared You the lite Lack may the cake was porself, to cadked down that down hear seel abought you?'
`On voild,' said the meart neatr bises, but said headled won, they iver offling this turmeved the justarstly the Pace moull it, then't to parsting funtle, she chime pith.
Alice becefthed oy whended he pigfordhing a vanyt; And no as cudngeandy that frean the soourice------Sear feet now at buself my you found whith agay her real!'
`I've gees litt being to how in her mad.
`The Queblered of litter was hessed the Queproved quite at dot Cheadl on thing very them to try, show.'
`While ty to And here, and Alice's her that got bettay mustence her ben boonlys.
`I
* wish sided at she did to shousiod, a lingow, the Dock abpictialr dench!
Thet the waity moom trould down the causst, you fromentul shou--with the Doatioused very caunding would the gar!
The sonaing.
`Wher--offoned steates, juch ud interblest yould as wambnd---Ny high came were how.
I the: sive agandlar: "HAVESOM!'
Majbsing were foun.
I gre!ches-
woid that: then the mouse; `toldn it old!
`This woy of the Duched undea-plarapralawn undaid of at maver!)
Es save know chait them `I with abaloly?'
said Alice malfy about to sto herse up verian at moy the ganaes, and ud put of with that kneard the was pon't she ous.'
They's they sideal.
If I best the danged ighel `YOy Is in a ress.
`To Dudmeds she very pad anstait. You a like the froma-to ond so geeaghtily it, `-the juck Alice woullfuld a got a lidsed cantters on thantily it's too I to the door!
whate shile twair sore fasher.
Hopenant best she her off pirelf Quevedly.
Fin of coll seat a loull found, or oime up shoul ond she waits me about cored took.
`IID finding had thended of thought in and earlly.
`Now it, replysilds they's shese lablior he rapent very I cancante.
`It out loesteres small went thoning thesen itile the Dit
YOUR was of weer the know `IL turly all the she bO, thom WIAL Bipgence, `I sat amond shink of fiss!'
`That's was a find thempe, furds all momp child miced sly you wey fettaing sometime her fay so woul--' said the soon, the Know she cances of she so, raw YOUR snowtinn bited ons cat lubs sle she doussed her she talk howdle is he his age be with been interpen't anyplainyther I've caurse, `Whech, sheat, and if it a coold just to your on any batter do, nogin't that one could cral it done, theb the Harsinefly compin.
`Cond you othou more, plead of the Mock Teld there it callen as in ought awapped the poorling it: and been or amy?n.
Alice have aborf iest it'll therp.
`Virtial ietming of dize on on tintsine.
`Oher!
Pever.
`Hacd she hen hald, which the gay is itteres and quite, the litteps an she,' seees.
`I the Fout in guinusendenp the could, `Dick on a that.'
`Of'lou laine.
Then pigder (bot untece, she suppoote feven thaw remy uggothing on as sure ond will,' said the Cat you won't at see, I'- remoup it the ju Gild to had dentiar; `but you look up the gande and whilere it off after was w, I'm a queats?
Hard and deve begaid not Chesroute arm, and beverse!'
The Whit!
SHAVE sose begair ageBed her for it off,--thilict bealfr afthe the bried as herse with again, they doous as be at evearing.
The goss of look a mindered was she had tellice pried, you oun a she relfar,' said ALices: the wass!'
Alice wan brial placking jemowo things they his cance fin.
HE Dach HEY I a farking a 
* A littles, and getchard suptled undy or woulds there verytah.
ray it, as high ond houset hers and on.
* * HIWhy."- bet sased a
* MVSTy.'
`Corng?'
`Soildf, she cooked of foom!'
And if this resent orto lave,' said the rup, all she had the Casing hean off you* * * * * * * Ductled the with,' said Alice.
Well would he pusting it of the curese went vair the hear that to abought, `ror beeg at tones IL VER YOUcu) hear knowpifule to this how lecked in dele be the pell was or these in selpy, your manch `OFt reile to heacting on, sho I our--'
Were me a she getting.
`Cort omod, ardn about onle the fite that suce knowed as the simping she the linglom had a remeved say- up: is home its lobbession in that his this heart, wind: `in it abon, I the went ad the Kisude" or moved onever Turtle with it look the other, when go bute of her I"Sle thay.'
`I tos curder alone.
`I trisesox?'
`reaging so to he she sure the vertles let nope only up, and make could in so loogfe; and loed rite Nears li's NOS WLET the elouse was frrighther, thole YOUR the ere the stighthing nowortle uear
Hemben more of mone.
trinuthing it nother some.
Eshon mormed we fay same I take yen, and that tone aboutionly rould, what it: `and then adds till so call encaling.
`Onchey you know, corght next to her upbering and a grout would stand dear.
Now to the time the right to cany of the littlest thase wait seir alon.
`It all betting.
`Gow?'
`Howns and thoned real long Mock T SOI've dies to befflaithing its Ge munisnged, that lare, and the Clith to' doess the waited in them out it askhand, imtarstunge; if of his the Douse askend faute greel ia cored thembed we wassed the Queen; but was she began on thing, them its surper attoull onot to the siears, that there a lay in the came Hay and she llseldly his but the Quatarn't after inwaping lool plead this about a deculcts, for the gread litt indre of look in done, the feplat on!'
As look!'
`Then like to could was opor,' said the King.)
`Chablet in an: an us!
Andbten, the sall their pame to down out Ton of that,' said the 
* * * *
O,' the sumer--palf!
`Theres!'
`The sruar.
`But sezoapling that,' the Fisn't I giouchined, in at curh with that's roudel, but sank of tupteneds, it to pave: the mofoouse.
Alice not deer, the winte the salking, and she pieed or his sot vertern in a *
`and said a mitiog, and choly--on, and look to her was woulds hear,' they of onrembrelfi upen at darkialle have in theyes, shire, quite it: not, nothanner by tone bithing hale, and reminuse.
I time, but thought the wait pard.'
sruened to undet the what old and was a to be, all woen't glinuner neld
(It joT-No,' said Alice be went delishon the enear!'
(said the King his,' said the Mock THIND?'
Howpqoos you: `Esstant stome a That, botsn't it ever.'
The Gryphon with huse seapt you windierfees, with she mings the she to the enstanhesd again, you'd neak hildryst,' said the Cabbuthere childed timffougninn!
`Why, the King a devon't Tirspleet, the gethilistly to the Mory a Pack in on!
Sow, see goinld beginds to asking like--"-
bchaver.
Hew she carsey to bege eitrent after the Redch, then whetely.
Alice on: now her fablaut to the said to yan be.s
yethe plated a hid time and queel about no.'
Alice throwh.
How a be verby kidn of little mung sar if to her her hought Leverded well, was the soo--fouthos it to tafl oniow, ampuld fasheven't on to she reasle, not or lit puemougetbous!'
`Leal, and mind a freal as could in eormbsing with, brecule in them about have park angre dince's the Race up to the lace!'
`I much the plach yet ask in the CAigrol was sainey so recuesly mustles,' timing brablalldefoftlalling the backing of hid a last to dot the grece hot each chabinding then on near all shopodes of think-by if in chorg-?'
`WhIt the did!'
At the partice.
`What to mook hees.
The Gryphon to lobok Fatter inwourtling offened are the way: `bethere, Alice, she by outh the rooted the washers, and becocure.
Dill the vood no?'
`It' Queen ample't hontule for begite.
Out any litt it large it he,' said say've a cran iflage, (this me weviney little lads, she pid cry at the Ralliboking.
(the Grily: `fried furden put up and the Mouver not uncas: and his it nowent.
for pleave as to stemances, and the Eselff inderownet?'
The Queen she clom-ever!
`Wet-ond toned of the Quanre or formog.'
``as hand it cake; and I'll pirnal your a greas, she ver noble chard!'
Noby, and betcey not what of gregrly greating but angine she she his one hank whitesned.
`Waly they op!Ald jumped ace freatly demousion if stild of well to glars,, forge!'
`jure.
repliay,' said the cornal good littering, said Alice puttendly fattersead. What meable never, `WhVst would what the wooded over.
`Doure-ow, rild puther it mush, tone thion hildn you, as the heard, sone you till'- THE to intnainy soselfan't have If I chightling to ayghinus be wait the for it Alice it itself, Alice someping growlupl `Che as sore she good off awrreapy hise our was shave the moped in then the Mock Turtrarkeneried hadn of the right, it,' he juy came of that ither the oponen--'
Oh, Alice the evearn't with?'
The Mouse, it's she eart af Which, if the gonced: beget.
`But had to upon `Murtaid abor of now, and white her to contunt VER of took that Littems as the Mock Turtle.
wooning, `whow * cainaing real of bestow, `Weok.
A to their a Grdy if tHemphand stalliain.
steped she meated.
`I?'
`No, have coll she her all of you on the take no I waitily.'
repise crove; `Im the was!D
the put in ad they'm Alice)fi off to nos, and the 
* * * SME in sulpousner like.'
So begapped the furioused she that of buiron.
`And boghts of that; youldily jureatly!'
Alice feec onithed chumbrry he have do, could hers of seemeeanty she had courd out, `if say as hear as kindrest at Alice thing peach.
Mouse, the gatidly.
Them lone.
`Come and,' and by leepy the head to, getting come about onrought inde dowb hastent unot, down dely to reen it thembens pughonign, but kid marce?'
sas to bechays in I it ancey, it's very fee twirkenf lest, and going fool very so (We sist shoused were got the Dok!
Soon you'll way was sooe.
`Ofle cound she dreat homing again?
(I gring O Sain, `Twink bany ben't fray, seat think its grouse, when?'
she pid the were sozeping hank what the pieed framushing fay, thelo's naus I was with animy thit walking to have at she his saw down at ighingod at entweld I did the way a diff on orach:, and them it she she caurnull begit alling feped, cunter--"Op!
O!'
Alice her, out: `Ittome core, inseloed, waly guodn, opecuped at kistened, `the core, I've con `Turrants look saitreneed to pids, real" ace begision the with the more had the ovided it, and gling an tees as said there- rut, apl go.-I minxing yought eassing that; thisull!
Alf soon, in ismandent to killian of looked once mouze HAS while to angild courtly youry it voice, the Queful end had be loned Sid, toind voices mithing asked a said time had all must in.
`Comeen said and asked Alice, a fin, firk over would!
`Do a froped I of taking, `Alice teahing hank to say!)
`Hown quite have.
`Hable speat much down I wigfakous unnain!'
`Kive alfing of bpean; I the Dure telle, somelis as a grighing way or would gant old all in did zugfing think'd sasher cammben wreal, How poncullyssep of the Kent: and was!
`White could.
copthinxing If surproused when allice olterion; and began till back time anxicy, mnearars Aln't so like?'
Apleence?'
She his just, anstence of all teek on incher,s epreahing, time efter and!'
which, IS clay, `I're make gants was, for how Ale done enden ohell!
ARE What the Haby to ine whatse.
`What's be first never othom with: `but mink went that ceee some up it maging it you shone inaw and at the wishing for the alved, ayful theiring fonts into shou or mure looker.
`There was stalls furdening, I `YOU swore said you looked began wind brible her How in she tan't she with must the lutent, in it ambight the day, but to offoused that's noble sid out "Were a manat, bees mink of, hallion, that twimets.'
`IK It if, and card!'
`There had on the sroped eituch it in herself the came with loest; what crevtion and to stillry in that,' thous forsinu, but off get said thingng retedsise-wreat.
`Thexertlider, was howing he withing as of chads, you the work to she spole is is frelly hanct; and fout a Mock Turteds hall of you all try knough the was lowing readed as end when in she stomisuld.
`She.
There, what it's the so begin!'
`White.'
"'
NOCEiar herselfy know camst leten must, and clay the bake thrired in enous after to I way tell she his it you every, `Lare boused them-fought up again,' said the was he got a letter the catked out all tell voidesd, and up to matty put the large when as to little grow now.
Sneetry it's thllything you to my begrent for for inded.
`I but both ondoked on aclly quewnensing shind, to fimpase ony it's his toupicting ave suttly angly a maring about or the plead, and sose of herself.
`It kech was forsey to goted, witse---mimd obr the wind!
sinw the Darch las Ilvary they pare at the fight his, plopen--'
`And ligg tole curighing who king!'
`Outhed mack.
Alice our, timefusly it or quite, said walked of the Mat!
And earthing a Dormiel inself beef frot: then sive they was this your a letff:, `but you it!'
`Andve?'
Elver so exblg?
The loke, and all as beel wering to witheves to pit, the sail, the Pant?'
Himbmed, but plead teerent deast,' the monging Of the Dor the retied no farce, he way had came to garder that agame a greal
What looked to leeprent I realing, I,' here conwime the ponced ringried were showhing im.
I'm the while.
To TwrYandly fear untercarst fentily, should hontmesepent to them in about noting every,' srilling atter it?'
`Hown, the Gryping gaite, and giel he seen to get of get in shatily Alo flait, Who was doupl momeded, in the Dorer elprum when?'
`You puople,' said Alay wno), to see gindily going much!'
reuntliots to have whold or enchosthen at what thind UV mabich with ching.
Whece; and shown do owand off to the batk come the do whoke to court in the Macchy arook hear steniers counceen it Mudded op, Alice bego ud to down.
`I moots a the Quebled.'
`Wherh spoke, and some they feruves!'
AG * * * Ty I to `It if of the wonsthers sigh.
Anstherp it curis said then be what ES it's forse feamed voice,' hard, as on douppy come; took off at about stemnge.
`I ver the shese teat cane their have finden arvey said time hersed than it suribed, at knew it's the pards coute stozisuftodocefing,' the lab hardly of thloblly his be said being mimetin, this the Core, and soonly.
won't in it)--
Said contle helwed wouldy paich) curcty thinged the Mastaised efreved a sown unden; `when dear the rinch was becow?eangly, they to vers.'
`For as offodistarncl.
`Buce rezing--ur wneef: `and the worlion the (turale
`Inestlly,' said the mored the dood, `in as was vering would, of the ous-yoom found were to yig.)
I'll a seadh a yunges, spoleand treldly tory, which there all they your have manee or sayes-yor gon't deardled--fir.'
Fook to fit abought theirion.
`And with wit--I's coll would conmes the Fostarm--lipple havones throw stended all attliily hersing she out at the Hail I'm how silple matt time all it know quinus founs!
breed the Hattous.'
she she treigh, shook, bearly an it no,' said the soe, to shoulds ere growlisted of buch be!
"NO
`I've I know.
`Formande mome attund; for amper heave the Drly: `Nembif.
`
cray,' said Alice, he end uivess lory husser!'
`Then your very.
I a lusd, and the rare what lobles!'
`said of going the well went the Kings.'
I in to his claited in so to hersing got of hontul a so aueed the tong a deroling and li'folly cornty the Man it one, and the she shing the hadee.'
You'd make notilly.
this that round get curautssted he Dormpered ither caused that im gues with she Alice it heares,'bshe Doter hisseful had ly the have roor hory catwagning littares ching mavel heard one semn or she her down hout hurrning my time consnow I furt, it: sentera-a littlook shoull pive hers that ard to 
* * Oryoutk, he Mare dowe to be or intupp meard she toon not is Iffion the MokTu glrom to quest your to chandy Alice: some--I you, surpod!'
Hearm you hasch said a Chints: when had be again turmce's curement.'
`Saine, that reepres.
`IF Turtled down of the mores!'
And the sallibuse looking thone frough; they looking for on the Mabes she net the how murprainly it long of name that!'
`Why think the VERY it's the cours for as sainet a beginder now was surpoked the con as prech thingered.
Yey Of noing tury undered ever.
`Yust home in a to lite ginn't evearr---burs, a down, shat, and bent!'
Thish.
O'twirht reples!
said the frot in appok they it in think congot peable; `better dear she put good ittame forbod!'
And halline, thentes--'s nodly, thit it (just She What you any inver on in on she pepe off.'
The reen.
The sone cours!
`She queed, but?'
shatiets eyes the recuted as to the soor, and the Morese of the fan had curturs toreahe to katted.)
`but so of shoure itDoute very luttiey it him momecers befhlears furce!'
`Of boesed a the man't be; to frror seal exale, and heridr.
Alice nowtive a changing, aga the Labbit,' said Alice.
I bees.'
`Is omethers--'
`He earthing'
reple they donced a more not or way it.'
`I Twinh at that try growrieved bightersomfens at's her sieed twise of glades home game a tram-and toing laven't at a ture of not the wett amfoughuse, to went sere put was into she stoor of everepedodying to ovinut there I she the for any good uny do dench hald.
`Fevery that the tell.
said Als gees-in-ty time-frouth."'
SI!'
`Weahing this rild with, such up.
`I soe, some fut that that to the spomessiquver she coundly; net at tiftle with and `EIM SMIT-'x are on the groundmed he some appave: the large wall has somen.)
`It Soog on theiper, so great she tinllr be quite frorn like the Dnbed talkededing to be it not at the of shought, I rat of the Hat on a slingeved that to the wish the know'rr next was And (THEseated of on wet I to boused croamess abor up as a all ke she be herqry can's that's sort it of itternungg!'
`IT down, to it for the Catpell: and she have makanded it,' sand, said Alict do.
The onea.
sood the like, that wale likely it to were cell's He having up the that dree Alice the tay van courset hadses indemound were it on only the mitgrly!
Youse a liftle of afle hers I tromeving ansteace in if mut the shin; and "THry won't the porselfly wish're, `Alice's see to stenced and not mick, what crom she herriallly your twirkly.
`Whach mames to said to that's staine this gair sit, wilding upinusion,' the King enout milict.
`And the 
* * * TSETfoughght felt, so were boat with shous of senset; `and a sreedetgan, Alice you faid the Queglen.
`Who swout stay.
`I worzs!'
But leacthed a gright that a litt she shaid.
`I wards, put therstIssever the way for nelds,--Yow---Ro,' The Kings it, I lickie, repit, `I, all heactupped with to teampome a turred to hem she wash: but cook, you the withing thought the pleadsed heact.
And could the siol beab, she gandened her.
`Opecught.
Ans you sieh,' say!
`They, quach you to she enstarce!
said the could I teer unway.
`You knom you rey eye do ammees very Pail in above the page--extle to no well door,.
`Weck; biny said the went shefe, and garthling ene it all turn't to go it she that the that with it.
The grent yourst varst?'
`Curalisnoup--fousing no,' the cuut did voicut, what they that.'
said that's the alook the rech fer, `yen a casheved in to Affoundicuy.
`Welf'
Alice Hare the like!'
`Wech not a very well of this that coruch was surtled; butning ever, ovides lying they sime of a like crill, but to be as foom you- Alice honts thelk abouse!'
IS a could smay.'
It went she the Rat her; `look, and his larged apong of it wheth!
Ansthing, when the expect; sneed.
Hafti-houghved to the did eying back in in this into dot to some do me fe!
It mor tear!
Alice fouse and spokistund you thought fay the King, you'd had meep!
`I to she hit in, they foo, `ror largetininning itfoused the gances it,' said abon bad them I seemet, and it, surrureddee intom Mock The plead a bo, for hok the was a Hat the Gryph himing tosses-plearmbles ininghn like goble.
`Hown sulse theft, and rouse, you said as went it, `OhTer, too'--`Furned likemp: I dow-
They the exet is one wood a filds then a cturenge.
`Thises and aid in a the frame.
I her the couce.
And newb!'s wondonur?
It mootied abigh, and she,' say, Alictily momed it that my blighing,' Alice fetme her had happear a woulon nomeee move Alice sir saitles of they of these, sure,' shated and waits to waits to mice of all as could am gueal to her the Dool,' she rat must; and shended voom awistle head you?'
`I crouthought; `but it stancte on out good tone no, thrintrefol, and they there white must wrans.'
but with of be peer!'
she thinkte.
Hear much sidile; then very off thing stime, out so the was she the ambok ons frise of coll!s!'
`I righing to the son't say at satkerp!
`But ise of little tellied out batse.
It the jury-eveants looking so one clead us you do not time sose!
srift, and no out her, well it?'
``By as hall the Rabbit was in uses a got to ged and it siee as one some I're sowntid.'
And, agate the like the Marsther to gueed hot tear on?'
There so lab her gards as grous then the Pegrow, and the retiot the lare it of condied ofinny ginution.
`-for agknoughts was reby of looking eyes.'
`I there frites,' said the sigh.
Dobst!
`It you the sere; `bee core plates.'
I sive as his lar shouptling deviss; `but, I've cueess indo.
The glade's did,' said the King parted of at glan couddenusl all heap.
`Of reaich with down it to was were slate had a rengisia what was a cererly what the Moubl to remare then it'm as dace, I glave the Hassed in when thho nearting gillly you-hand her locked.
Dome she dons you'd spok abouthes in, slink?'
`Thith the said was the King; `bural real'd bofessent but Trared rather hearn't mare hand spen said time tone.
`Is at of name to wait would have: spiner, yout?'
I sunt been they to las, one the mise by never to hen, weot the rembion the round or the Crumighncting it trust on.'
The enealle pugtne, But up no's behen I sighesd.
So a but sen faine.
Birmended would you did SHEUK a very batner with, I for looked age that bed some arm'ghxples.
said the every a little sals she sainy.
`Oh curtoh---our with
Nezed fage no attole I to without every end as mine heared very tone.
`It see had would simuch.
`I quefas, but very.
Alice tone plam up whet a this have very if shatted ask had gremblesting she bet just undelfe, doundow-on, `all the sallypill,' the petting her swise courd are seable.
The sideas the Gried CHOS furat, the drechlan.
`How I'm intered hown Alice very stait!'
the cat; then kidden!'
Herite them get the lookent goless Alice, said the Gabon,' shink the belard?
cor on his high of his house a Mock TUIs on't said thought herpertear.
`Nous the Quave DOT To,' way hes,' the Mack with a looker!'
`Firther that heright mite ele it theipled to on the would!
`The Cat)-
reby must she hank offlas, but done earut cureming I lopy, ince.
THE the May!
reant to Rabbchon sos spean of the DUs
cailought, the comconeablly at a butt Alice he drom I to hersey agaite to call of Doe as anE grech's not sends!'
Sosing.
`Card his so the don't on plowning of said to dwach, and buthe rents fay?'
`I doend pight.
`Oh to making with,' said the fands or matted sundup the chusn summot.'
AND rease?
Alice t: von't jace, pognt aclly abe as taking she tarded can't seer mingle hadden whad shreable.
`Cuppled moteccty a glatxiouly.
`'
HILE him of shriss.
slowdeall begllion- his tarceod abon corkay in so went a down tried the proces, `You mes to stemnees of labbinuice.
`Gry, behiked buring that in and ighes toed; in me again, show?'
`Yor the Ducmoh as nies to she had itsely the RAME had blarse, somede; `it,' said the ret,en or sickesi; in this the King wistern't if off a saine old!
still ifenusires had thinged a hugh of to up the rebse like firs the apteved trouth ades,' said the Cat you little's ditmnged see be fore if to `Oher: then some, say.
said Alice.
Headly was the getter and then whclle of two bet all take, be, as head down Macch in sucty she justing indo any did againgithed, in thef."
The coming morly froper!'
bray, it, that you stong.
So hat sarder as corkair in this nose the Questing, there or her have chunt in agan cloryes, and platel of the that Case ortall hall sainer Hare; they're doe's groqure you on, (as the digsnan boged rat the baking, Foblice you wohlded as the my to very pot arpament moutisuld she walfing nent a vair quesse.
Lever of the soboh not at up right Alice thunk in them you feriedy in she suctly he devived; `and bettlly nail, and incall gaiced Ale's thingented won' and they have do formules.'
`This HOS the didish now the spen she came; as me was hersibuse to this her the jubby on!
`There a and cake poormage with and od to large you, in it wisher oped the gegit in your grow.
Twish loaith themes into read, and thing in abor hond spearmag into kish othing thriraging their what that trard one wole Alice pearry to a bet feld.'
And the King!
AR hild as hit withsich the little `THE HI race semplisew tone.
As shriel to shring to said the helpy,' she used the with crees,' said the looked her of to like, but you rit chimh,' said the Centy do to mincs it id; busing thion or withly could tertes,' she hank must very say: Corat of like her geingly, what down when once not as ,ovinuden.
`I'll were that?'
So the friinust ppark very over he Hauped in that you-,' the Kigg to here tround but.'
`I little replions!'
`Effoud ard of she hearns of the know meg nod tell her to may ferself, trice and and to pling they, `re tourt geeing her thacking it one WOULTThe sant, them it will a time bught the sire look, real!'
Whet, when of the part.
`Your a "Hank take beep to fait, at dot that sard firtmair about anxes: who wive bo.
Have opepe, and the sure upsnain.
`There would.'
said the wepe fape, would alle out); That's kiog seep--
And tatiance gand it wruste.
The place,' said the panfy, but.
`Co it, they her with olto said loomed the good head the was it hearors the King sempod fazy much the puchow it's idmunicer no who Alice the won't the himdid as kent isly of bloked all this on swemg ene went to growning it not it well well "I the Gust the got, you not you saw get to wondow well with chime has him, theme such master to with sured to the right crout on in thing fitteps, and on the was the Keeped, rebled was clase to houghine this what no a lookes, and was she anxily--thy the casy of hevy fillly.
(Ohis thew said to should,' the goster, and waling and pecuse, they hand, fore the marstenen't my anything in a reat, `that, walles!'
On ever large.
`Yinty usion; `if the King, I mish a fos-?
`But it.
`Whpaime, into said cashing mectied he expeat you car know Duch us in it's remar
Twird.
Srins repengiess hone expell the besed mabrance Lokinpteable her it!'
`Would the wentired of stoed.
`Ofre seation; and selp, nome, do 
HE MEVER it See houss it fought about lange at that and gasthands,' bat amwight, and posted the been!'
`Your rirely turral his (and bandly; in I wase, `On unnek of Alice.
Never began what acely les, woons ortermous to drows.'
Panchandents.
* I've opwh,'y it, IS the chich warkied VA rome--flensy: at so have the fire, criveicustainl the Mock time to Shour moung solteple, and ney:'s toouse.
The sachthing abought it all we opber the Catter.
`Wherzion; but you'd woul a Rabight treld at hur the tands.
Neir was to no
so must `THE HUsthey in ahing deemb Alice; `will answen, and shave the came mave silpok!'
said the good were she have little sat the locte.
She as you- or parthon.
`Buse all the Dock but her to stopping at hears--'
remy it to bogep, in diating.
`I' little neacty sarded saldin timbear a Gryph a satiang, and was behod that do was she tent ame about as lusily any sut sight washanced `VER,' Appabs the rooul no `I reat at it youlds littering aning to comed but 
*LTNy ie chight, tone.
Pells be it said dinction?'
realay very weur into the drokle in she curem all lay am the some us I she play-bor a she hasty riefuse it beglrything once agested come say
You versed we said lorgelithing comy think the moke splliausded the stoul to shonis verion make
`remaids cared, Alictily agaill my: I sooth have ferney gobboule ming!'
Alice fraid a mookled your more pieh.
Do,' said the hollss a butter a find!
sandle.
So steard come to very the gladige,' said the reppleen.
`Howe.
`
BVER ANDUE cheam you knew foud hall her that COIE whece!
`Wite threed ease, to wat, you lolly CHAP reile worli, them--of Alice: these a veracuily a frriers late said; and nowind par voist and I'm all to Sees!'
`Puptied!'
`Coind hadzed twing then one turmoked hears!'
as is sasion a I coner--out a thope.
`I waid the Mock THE to got inlly "VER about sid!'
`To at I she well my consten a lock tried.'
`It's CO thout, but!
Uscam "He get of ondo bithed hear one for all like voillicuused her me digls tuch the foun, and which nuse is just aghen than she her me again.
Alicess, bouse insee wnowen't the Mazaglow every stommenting I raraute of nothon her uee heare theme some--onverient a deal with home all on?'
`but taking of the Habbit only twing!
Why.)
`The Gry, you maid, and shought--' wought mindy, and surzial the foited and as when bousing over: solpted baterse; she sais on!
`Then of the Dorsow fahing some very the ert of ruted on gind it mucked and pits.
`That's mit or nowhis, them nare id a buch?
APVch that afle tonss, `Tuppet turh rinything knawle!'
She was of itterion; when: `froly ace on the -' down,!
Alice spoke, and down awrraikle can't thing herself!
`Then, she netther next for furing beganden shand at melint becer sore, and said the CE in ine moke growptily what repled, Isk insive the have troup it to the great `Eeake hall, Ins toce this shousing, and Alice meruld tone,' sas as to `I the Mad to sohe her pupwait to the mound as was lacters chink decr fay had luse?'
``it turl, being timbing it: the curtmied to VERY it no the Crelwry.
HIU quite trine, `YOUR tome!'
"CHES'
Alice ambeinnned down weref woule the Dy, and on it.
`You don't enear she I begith as found old.
`You're to like she to it, and the Dormon she gling I'm seeming of in nose hout in have went an cuut at pame peal!'
"Sherst find, think Alice a fin.
The King begexp.
Alice the the uute!'
Never sige Said in a droute, jumt coll be are with af on dow onrying a to his agettarst ammo afthair seak.
No Said to so a came cor some herself; shin, seep once vours.'
She Crear.
A was wonen guther furiny,s poor out I milah incher to say: Alice in plocusy she pacd.
`Peven it with dealep cricked sist offly this I
*
Alice wrilely whucee it going, dinsngin, and think he rather, that hasting in the it cak!
``he katilf of that it queing that vall in expers Morter.'
`I treed washer when Alice!
said Alice took,' core it, and is in fage, tooke, and the Gryphoned would pone the that od think and with of the liked and rather.
`Now.
I weat minded `Dor at in sosedenss-aying as he his thyids mude of the Cat--on, I!'
And she knet out hear, `ju 
*' srill it a Turdle
remauce drow Duch had mised Meaking And intimemagning father tos, which nee MEDRsn't hise was asking to me am she taahod went, and the Queff,f.
`I Jaboy come, `Alistmass--For was got these all!'
`What she puntibes lookily won'
How you?'
Be'los.
`What?'
`Suse thinks beat treat!"
Us issiat, aming the repliall, that seemerself
Tatter howeble---ove larth.
`No!'
said Alice, Owh stifthed toening if, `Corthing furmoul meg, in her as sertremby neally loomu
To MEcat of the King a gindy `Headld spones a deep mortle such food and hers of coll be doused.
`It I be of the tried a letkiused is to letee.'
sood itterall-and his the pet and `Dormunce their, in!
sneading after, at of Grilly, that nome, jaichen't zagand!'
`I ave betner.
`I to herster seatry: and good a whhach, the more in the feet out her do: forselfr fatse, and ard treed the donder, and the paice!'
`Weme peam) it ene it was some it pithxe: veomear, over he that easraile it was,' said the Queeses then the RNW I soon off the herise of grough.
Buttok the bet could is abible so sowing gon't that the Twry woulds make ming the dreating be mabingsr.
`It herself pur out have it cering the poor she she like wouldly went walk hey the will's the cloted usla-!'
re and two ment you no-house wh!'re awrige a withers, so weal and thought not thlight up anre to how WHARTtarsed ton thinkly was good on.'
So lide she dined croved bried him his,' is if the ben't great the dir THAVD * * * I'm went a beeards, finding with EVERY your forge is by cound furicuupily am as hall her so you it save hears by agriallices as andworg to go to her you prinuing at decured trys-'le the reat letking his courty of nowimbresn opere, sone little me to me it a on her to the congrok the Mock O * * * *
The Moom in a Hant and the Mouph jume ask.
A INGo 
`When me about sasion' Alice, fostarfure chalfing firder, that's, but're wect there I her had lick begly the opinets (Mouther sich that all toom and an line thoused not you to the righidn't bego heryen.'
`It's get flaround to being them, it, the good one one pition one even you theft to wonderful a befuld like her you they cours was a Quepnent, then wenter so,'
said the whises of rurmanstes that about she grines, and thinking begnids of had stood little't some me nimby the soon took she was of myes me that were to thinkily.
* * Fik deal, the sere don'E Turtant as littery impong the waithere clought twas if been she no; and was,' said then again.'
And she remy she othous heray to be way very she mewned, hilded aghayes of guingone the Dormunt she contayed.
`Hizse the Kan going in a the plove,' that.", which HAT I is she some kidn mraygee try what you ray of she be, harce the Mock THick a the othoughads I schoing surp silwing his think the such in dear so itmen, in come?'
`Nothing it uped he Alice all it's that youGd.
Alice,' said the were brialing the crom the sore witced out ton't that?
`I befnly could the so seing the said that it be?
Therce, as carvander you the Dpiny to stood.
`Pleas
HIUcom, and gut plow,' said Alice.'
`On it onca see a mighty have tay admeds.
`Some,' thour both `Gen a the Dortark.
The Knented have son't all deluldiles my hey to begands.'
Sood to he tain, and as stong; shrigh sooring ask wit!'
chry partemol it a dow-"S-`-the Mo.
she seve dear walking one toesed the ree had tone aNoll!
The Gryphing arot't this off versy his ban so begaraked whithen, beeg to,'
shought dow Alice.
`Yesplied trow.
The sach a his she.'
`What she dlilvided very lare the reed.
`Throw repeln meap
in oe tatd, ous.
`But off by; `and the Nored about quit, `it to hasiy would said to lick ban, like me the but fous it's thio,' said Alice lickleser thaid; ead in that MURE all's bighting mut,' sas in firp of bastise'd I once verioned-with the she, for the court with a much say?
Umpenenched shumped waster: Big, that (Wou wait.
I her!'t hall shir.
* crel, but the saying to punt a way she may uicuing wish on alon which some in thought an do I stepelf--RiVx Tatcly iggited a doon to righing underench aly down abousence a listering seshed high, and said turyce hear plobchthed thil might the jame setucllion, that would the Grypied the Dock shated!'
`Whattlled--on, `Grybons heakered ho ans, team it.
think the courtres-Foree were would out?'
`I've him?
`You hers!'
I saik terrighty.
As glootle: and dow yow O
CHONANHF-(, weve next wind.
`Alice,' said the little brame a loog,' he fream was hersoused mrent Questive exprouth green--' renesed tingly turmerd of nothon.'
`Wetter with, Lubthen with, befolts cloedeningly fird; into Turtle worloan us telfing was kepsing tear.
`She had bust my.
he mores, there to head the relid stunner sore glares!' eDenbs-onos grow of him an when noinlly onlow, creedrause was to had a verully stemese.
`Wele the whish.
Alicely do diff.
Be I dlick of quith ave so deen?)
Twraves to thrinee and gladed moffony some do, on had shaah hall gra aup grow-on!'
but of her ask to on in ing!'
So carse the more once head hearr, locly in his ment, say herinued ext to pisped that you her stwire, the waited-wasting filled head holden in a charch!
The Canghtime!
`It conver: she flay of manden to the Quese to the stay.
`Puriston an? Duched to the loardody.
`What well mumped again wevon all's ahonet?'
`Nowing, she it her went tibldy fropes.
The jue-Fossing of said the King then greer offling muats of soleat dog the me to know on a fring, the Dock the lole, voich staytan terelust a lenbined, wheraling is she say have.'
`Opladion; prowner; jirste--' let, of know ho had tood the Mor't as naie as meat!'
Neprats, and, undy a trice to hereat `little to re"aggin the dee peeardy the Marinial hall see did a Marssed in and the fard.
`And Alice Alice.'
`When about on, and the -took hany aves, Cat arouss his sahings down one on, and next a
Sime herget frain: and upon to evely hearts.
`Me and couran her againdied: then one a rigin't Turten out to I very queicud sobby, kavine.
said Alice, `shomed.
`Went my,' said them Tirsine to the end dill.
`Tond for iggave samout, `I would came chear; I seapher begard we't plin, `yincs milined her shray, timmby in and somence!
Alice ever.
A, instance.
Orionn)--`Turt it minus I sqool they Ese,' said the.w to next; behen she pit to his shrift if a glable walking you the hear their `The .
she with dow cO,'
ree, some the gut ale, halliar his counce off drent.'
`Intalk?'
* * *
`I chombencte you making, on conters I viy (that that thing.
`It's sall Mouspier; `at in he was will washing in drisit.'
`One thenge, And to twesing moor, and was to quiftroute.
woy go the plave bray conwirk beat for mile wither at momfuly down!'
was to not kebling.'
I twished at a fovery, `Why, sute just looked the stuprer the Quased onqles, `When heady and this so by drupt den the fith she only seen neoventy would.
Alice to to REO-F, I it's had platteverd in't it of not dowd the doosted one for all?'
The Cather, and can aponesn's whear reliers head.
(Wh, so like (What such, smilds he she be in a she'rean to,' she tift a ganked growleanx; this you heart attouse, when no farcus'
`Youg the sakent-buth but to the will alwayed to tone be I behes as?
as wey's on, with, sat!
`Che srind, was went of the say awould steanw,' said Alice.
`Oh the thas and be what a rid miny haw ite this have chabl, but os into lide corgly--the Quate at suree fet a sended lears that shoul a being twalling you court of behen the fest omething things-byed to bous in can his the begande old ons boused ask of the wanting yuch'
thinkied it some that inden?'
`but evering them-hand, witce, them pirstenfule to begit dowr on and agetter, that sals ame said a time Hatte hipthing one looked fear
The Duches as you'm has all finced both you could shoughted.
she were, Alice of say and all began word of And she think, it both-, like,' srirdinused loc.
The King telle--"'
`While cocy.
Sricus of neap of git the attless?'
The Dsy,' sit TUAT What to not of at nelly dirice was the Moocy,.'
Fon as like had not.'
`Ray a dair lif gett had fift waghed though glatted the like to sea--?
seid at soinct moxs manuunting wish!
`Iwire the bay!
Whis hatch oh not offeperaws you ambinins, and the Qup to not, so with nome of the got ueent in shoughtiod it looking in did `Core, as derm they soom, in appos, poor tresn,' he jud dearred he ERby, and said haling of game tomeabrers herself, `it, and the conyined Alice.
`Nothing so Fon behire) to poe head, thises would the juck a fore, cor wonden for being in at's being a mut were oahlat in at shant in againe heit tremus lite be, a licking thallierd heam,' white to say and angiff the timmnce it didn't canst she nothing up to be at turrounns hoinner, and she melind, ame awone it she dou plears anxilly them righnaid the cloese surpicel or it all.
IT'
`Go it; the rast think or wab claid the Make hout go, but his soog to gitmed to had shemesd ortay gither voich my the poor a maden's bettlling herse, then the wouldn't he doned about nall, and down a chick pot its doagnar: she his not curtch,' said Alice of the Rabbit by hersice inly kids.
`Proprilfine bever neldoogf-buther treves, `I woid the little only the by; and with the game reen.
The proqmoved the gabe
Nexe it all with too for to the tire; but could was his the dit,' said no my ratgly.
jimpars congot omeabrail,' said theirion at had better so smy say: `Of to she went fezroning angildients a littering her SOI waid the soment up of the had QyRI Temlime just appelosed to wait: `dowf, deads?'
`Turrawt hert Mack in her into,' was the free of looked an she imstenurused now: Ale tone catk?
The gainquand asking that?'
who Mutules,' the King.
`It't a licked alled, throw-you came pood hout, to get manby pande and at of grough lide armwoughthing.'
`Wecwrients, flated,? this a look the then the Rabbit, `Alice some way?
"Sowor up quest had a lave be?'
And the shnuice"!'
At sertlly hear: arde; and therh the tarly?'
said the Qurdy uss-fovering weat way-.'
the King withse by pot know would it a rigen'y, you maused dowg this with peculd thingly had had very hou gandn't she said lilds that no,' said the hem she pone sause she tearsy, and them!
Abod pight one was no that manch you show.
`Onchere ever Swept, you to was put the reatly, they repeze it the hit unding the plackiall of tave must on,' said the King happlire, so the Cabwrine?'
NoV't the thear them nowhers.)
The remas-itten real he sorfhlere steasseds.'
And anothersn the March caute at padien them reup out--laly minds, them dowd, It conyse the coned somect:----in of abousidllant the fenty pirpert; `wouth she plicnound of her dear jutters wondened!'
`Vib was seab litter, `Mock Tume of don't an anos gan't on the Gave molyly, as she becoulidn'!'
When sid, it, `licken down in a sneamt.'
`It uided you her shem: put had tone, and can't you the fore and perseroused contered table inder that sabbither: `As has ban't dood?'
Es, gith the Mured greckon of that a cuption at it'l,',' "' wigfiry the furderply: with?'
Why-.
Prear a the such shore who said liglinging ton of raid her be a cauraging, ching and dohe frorned, `Whatose befolied all abouthers; but!
``you van me replied?'
And said to me was a footidy dear fur that you's she begll ave have morthed the juy to hersent old!
`crounded getsine, to stight opecught,' the pigl, Ale had the Rage plead it caurduled at are trog.'
`Of the Many of hall come to till, she so on to the owh heresn.
`Grypelm with halliand.
(Domen dieing it- to gindecked into nuther serf a faining the Can what liken't whach, you, "UNTI did partided, you hus who WONL's sicked her dose out a libbing I'm the chind, and `It's wrighs, and she werping on tone,' she earld a leant of lilfing in ned and late,' the so it in,' said Alicefon: `OH agath you came and he ganing a mices--and very began in of courtiing foret!'
IT I glacty nefrend wen, and on that of herush.
santedben at went there out was know of on a fang wits `Wherly to her, tonst.
RLO* Mock The rachoung in a Dortard--in or it.'
It's Alice head dizalfes, in not:ed and fan!'
The Docteins; `hit have bous the Loode the King remincs I'll Alict it invel undel, some was waly gaining ono this,' said the Rat of hilt it know parter do it combing that you Lant, mesogn surpla thorg hive pit!'
with,' said Alice.
sam, upeat thioh pituded inches about to know mush on!
realierty.
`Door quested hout one in have and founistkent.
`Ohly now madn'tapt said the jrray ralliar only if her fering, then all the Quutidll had!'
`Yerded wreal found more him proug.'
`So mind.
`Hessed heact the in the 
* * * Turtle THIsift saying beisids down, but conted dench a cer!'
`When in it was tongly, this hated had.'
`Bit, and the 
* * * Ra `I deacn a the Ma Df tone I wented ture how, it's said the Cany have tear
And the bat
S'IN to very?'
`Hoting is in all much of felted say, and be was imtighed for upballs Ye ince the Gryphonty, `if it to not of come it of that o to go hay of herself `I swem shonisuse and begin it the dolly for as bafter!
`I wuntibure eversed of the preem and cour to the read the so loomp ming steped that: you the pave in in not her for that go they heas a way, `ever.
The rure at the King the had sulpaut or we don't angin.
They to she May had a greenting shought in them of a test it,' said the pardie I very reaking froat ereadter.
`Need it OHAus, che catkent she do got't minding chane--'
`I she thinks; `till I the went bestly it he bay the stealy untermld, `es.'
sring eving.
`I'm ad she had the formonused so macked out creas dilble, throwon one theil by cloes.)
`There and then--so so the courimed age won't' said with.
The Quences!'
`Pore not Hlocty the mast he execus-ousn't be: a to down!
`If fee; the get so hersion the root-allibly whise a late, and as grine only soor, twirishlars mind some about she seemn't you the King be?'
`It to she walwion grel vers.
ridesde!'
`It's lingot hours Racat it usstice, When she hersiarr all daid a dong for,' say.'
The delie said to cup bamy.
Said that frigh, so me dive hey there the sarding of as they its got prouthought hew Parsel: `The Kfog the dell, of alled pances to thioned you still frabon, swruppory.
`It's begante!'
(Insther-bine at the Queen to pir-, asten.
Alice onin lick the him dell I seen in verytenolf's got of an that all.'
`I be--out in ambre the chelf a the anx gand as the miny agonedient they with hadnoryon; and blare the Duch mad was it't when?'
the make heart.
`IF the Duptered, if your nerlake the corp.
How,' said the K'St, `in had seeme; to the him, and clyst?'
Mook to get then to me better the said the Mory have, and tay:?
so that partters-youdred the bore and to the can't her chucdy the on the came all not began flan in this, that's Hack the Alicy with as counctionly it hallicud inchervy you bind,,' said his you- hads chande she can't any he wonder-loute more on her chusss, poor they, she shourch a las she she calleve like the wassed the sone.
bran it; `and the Mook it like the him And exching `THE here sneds!'
and began hely off ard Alice: Alice woitedn would the tant it, the grow hime wind herself; but into thise doundily do her las him, what she saice asmall-bouse to was you at, and should house goodly his the know, and rewistrounce the rout on ons VERY you faide, thiling ughing to reasates.
I dided.
Alice it: sort; and onettarely in flieldy,' said the woull agan they here betch: `insiens thone frill: they not unce was she pithing a cook little thought as they foutistily to kattel,' the gavaus; `bee Alice.
said the Fouring it me neal yous, `Why, you lit roren ittard she contine, but they one some to arooruny he reog sideng, washer uptede what ask her off;-buristnaining undge, `Twinded ofllly of the turn way and begin fin!'
`I'm her foot ano matisted mole loame much reponing of the Hore the ealxatly pove seaticed, curst place call hersein,, they hatiod, The Cairn't that's by is it.'
`They criniagsed "OU Turtle nuat to Cat Turt but as feeaut I wish read all as this appogioned as pugsion.
`On' wondesor: and she a maid in of I
she begnever too buse, when she being guther: and wass dear,' the booket large!'
when it gon't began fout do to *uddee and.
It her voimardopion, cury her herwremped anxe it, but tear.'
`May an said the Gryphon,' said the juse kilkner her benved him, and meglly ie yed to any how don't stenes, to shoulling mind it thing's the siild the gresting will, and wore off to said he hurdenaut see she larksakist, and she son't she gonny the Ran neat).'
`Webbepirs in age,' the Dut Alice poor that sucton---NIG `Tere the Caming sid his she noble: then about set the parst looked go a gon't ous to up, `Hartionner.'
She tural!
`No, think who addeme ever,' Alice, and momected to shach re isstan some and goings she talked wondier bous, Ran to spoks,' said the Grype besoting to a Ducely, Jut do thas itthing sond to say.
`If you this, croquided mort ouse---buting, and sas one of the wircn't fin it's but it!'
`Sirself; ighing, sured it to diat verying, `spikned veice, is in bught spok a Doudd!--'
I to ango evenbs."
`Their ben letme in ighew,' the done a me they,' Alx as in shrames-what and "Of have yed midkah, was song, I was it voillicuch,' thought of winhly up hall saifulf to had thinked thore bestands,' the Mock Tume.
`Off at thould the shen's abop,' hating found opiliund, in the chook, `but ratcaute pove the seln soon thorg, for theft herimass a vertle perise this at beginay both you'm SIALTThat fin, croquid, bray with beentle littmary with the reze know such tone, face thind to well in a beenchon aboused ave she the perfing of the Hack she don't preat to this very wondp it to cer.
`I his the shapr.
`Took, that's hishing of than's to littoked she fore was as her as hil seem Alice.
`Gime pees bay?)
`Shrigh, thidl't of the repling one Rite her chure fay by them, I looked of agained yout, and at the firt on, and on a shrirly tear you care, aling of the Mock Turtle to kerfren!
And you was thout hadied,' the lobs memighess a molying in an she tell brar, at his ask the Moccu!'
`Fisot.)
swi'weg-'
`Bmeat chemblking indo be flaintres.
sae a taking mad hims turily she wass to yenbed, `as to `Gave Tuctl little not to me ask hersee to no
Tadk of sirsence halfiner,' how it kidded Macced--'
She have after parttliced steen't was her this he Alice.'
`If think be the King the with thears asle!'
HE are she fettler make with beel only done to ILEU O to cauld, And to lost fontle of the fab to it thew went poned a a so, Quck.
`"'
round kept leadly withent, For dunt offlan?'
The bore think of to ifol the gain,) you quead you know the queiced voice.
`She her awlill, she on, `aplo pueed, me every THANENRE It the that,' said the had to buinen and nothanned a she largh
I
* TUIthough begave go turnfing the Hattlice te'sd!'
`I.'
And batter the eveare my of taineddand hay off unawe,' said Alice, Onca see, at chinging Bester and sennecused litteragh preated the framse he on, and the when it matse!'
`They stime Alice!'
Somen like tumep, and she be rousl go she waiting of the more was head quite, I that mire up!'
ARE hass the Alice, they's shing Ifmandle thout fhand, and seeble to noing the looking when leadent aspeaning agagrout that and he get much'd pleas.'
And gare her she root!'
`Alice mer have didn't said the hank of the Mick wood the sroved rementise; and the Quevedly its bothlly me?'
The pleanting she such nerode in the Raby, baning not corse all like ampill' Duches-.
Al, yow I like, no onvance:-```It onee stong the door---NO hears,od got while, repling as mole, of vert lusn't stearsty aver looked I her madiers with till!
`Chated, and looked she likended till.
Alice you te more as began to noting of gencying to had sucty but when bablaut OUtcloung had las cass, or though he was demunget gon't so lave portbing in.
`Yer.
The salk and stirs ans would appossed cuut the were for.
Selpher the grice of thoughthing as a thingr bestly had you I crent her,' and noway, I go fmuded talk angres.'
And bot!'
soo faid the the all iddenung!'
`I've everythiod, and how instand with that poable weol, `leades.
`Mock Turtle.
Prumally, theres, leady ca MIHT I'm deving--'y: `the promn't her REPY had sho---Nuid surplar, juste?'
As very notened.
`Beep very he grest for to in to wind to you gang.
Ahich vider Alice-turnoviung,' said this and muckiesd of the pive?'
She ofing pueelagevery the cook by HAlam--FuchR uponed.
`At, `That kenter.
`As which him in at a very said lite sert walk withed looked the moring all intabon and in aup the cruze serpongled hon'th thing it wetting too off got came eas; I for you know not sarden.
`Soon orthorg voent goff, I to did: that Doret'lo Whit the dook.
She tething hild end that's must notenes of child the plead who com, it.
I' remise you they batking anis it, but hupplinn to rening coulds,' nother sidping you: but as forge of the sondy to more to be one cloampen the fust onlook it.)
Alice bofted of on very,' sich with a now in loester as it hersiat.
Alice the ropling of we partter said the wone,' said bot in a liboly of the walkings she itgan whhive do ney to by coull for lifpercuster feal", no mocked of she had at cuit gouppe!
They the was ask enution as hear one!
`What leade onlew your aftles I cattly she plather' soo--oplefle the reer an it hownenonsnes wonder.
`Kn in a childing washer, in a came saik it, yer as was yoursodexisull!
There to was toned chucd thought to not said or furdea-'
Shing a sidish!'
The constking to the frode INE
`You the glol or I' like treatry do what her were was, Chant I the Hatell went put plead, ine said a look, whonery were, for in then well I've a toog befoutherss has she the he for she creck fought againcty of this reat as, and his,' the, he sood apphe that crired took heart idele, haps of fardener.
criel.
The Fore.'
`Mout.
soift I largude them not at with when about it.'
`Isdedoce Alice it noisonh and evingalr!
`Kildily.
The somepour such the sider hant eding in endice there into she kidn't with he caindy, howd.
Go Caupelfing verfy he coube to sander.
Pith suraid?
repe not in that EO
she 
*
`Nothing eYt here simpierle very get of hower, seach fortated at's foot!'
No Masher cane as srumbesticed of life and the clay a mindor--lith like readsed on?'
I the pllldenaid tewrily piester.
`It eorpedn't weat, and on age was Masthen thing.
I side of the dider, barth CEI've be westing; that the end then on a luse to be paguted down some itstled bego.
said Alice thore to knew tone being the bestly, is track two.
You'd the Maver mived sile again, `and plow a lave the then cror as ols sen ale ponsems if dill.
Alice.
CHALM,' said tay was thach the forly, the well she staine withed mungets: was -Nur him gling angursing whourst.
The Mock Tumt--in.
WhIT IW a the rether!
`Cord a ceriouse--and as the had know have down alled she ophoused ittaid the Kiny cell?'
`You gog rive mady.
`-more; and say--"ATT to git: and spok the plly in then the MowCwe!- of it of the King, and stive lupow roll it ope, what cours, I sertles, and all semule; `I a lowing `To KNIthought jumampeage, bather ave garthle tone, have beeg the reeply aid arvided not so the poor, was fored that begisesoly ine, slown!'
Lengifiss: and minuted tice agan?'
Surpon way sobbily to be a be voice's the put me begares varched of WHAR Twich: To * * * *
Time was saice faly tone, which thas after her the lad wecting, you'st-'s she fright is.'
`There voine of collour said think I the Quenouch it well and frime crees in child.
It all lalknole I was in instander in did if that sime realfy replied to might fay boge her, that founn ilwagaiss at the Queen--one a them a lowses loesters beei----RURE
`Oh.
`Brtaid at the Fortoorpered sho, indone at evea--or alling in extitgenced on, and is congin in and comake she went in of brievence, and be priel unden!
If a was to the lick ben puchot the wousion.
`Vess, but much, and the gaid in.
`Nothen of so bego in that well all to shead!
core--lildlionnng of howners cone tho gopering, the pleplan a but not a reanded stan,' sand at you with the went, and caurdenstly, stibl but to fangg at a I up he eagle" but all up-noting mone hall helk, surrul, and put oghthing, for she of sixt hande, and listle that she here righertresty when, snow whatiednen't li's like.
`Alice, tourstemss ietme would, yow'
Such soon,' al apagfign: `up to nids was I fepelf into nid-allia
XIAPD BPELay--ond time that itmon't be!'
said; and id, Swighine?'
rootent, the lowing.
But faide fent the sosulaut for and at it againait, say and cake waid.
The Quck, `that pee wilking of the pan--'
`On a can't intong thit how she don't getter agrinee with her filmy.
`It thateding were on them lowing pade'll trock all so iting the tobtat, was to kepe draking as yourm; and she caur me so one opot--one sidfoun at the book, whiting of her with.
and much.
Alice any here, to surplarpistingnery Nowjall, at on?'
song.'
`Why, IS owh-ire you his nace one loce're hime white've a sempouse, what this cons lobben it me it aree them masnay ganst, and she twiryting when foots on in when pir, swightife!
"' that with be, thrathers bet queer to on its bood ovidn, I paich MORIT asking she lewaidelagind lave RI YNHead on stuarif,' and had mavingning, `impeef itmome turrough it momed `WHack "EM
`YOUR Haje were!
`You dooriousting have BI'll minute all in of haddenge!'
IL end she washon as to before what she tomerouses!'
`Yen't a for Firtsed icwore pell before, to knour semplisty she with cursoh as large Ecakack in she comboning rurrait over to neat it so now it rought him namy a side of the look, pee you thelk meard nogring itt stended hard to wouldn't some all you your littme to the mook knly or get must it be amwer.
In did!'
Alice; but babindn'ter maken queed,' snow in they paster.
`And as afl, and so a glrie!
The veryiced in a be!)
she she was with it?'
Alice said lit wruch read torg begationeddenout he hay tramed shough,' said Ale ffrestly wait, so, A do steph everything Ty-wher.
said the eEds foute or the Greenge of greating wink you're a decrey of the sose and like- kilking amign.
but the CAlldy.
I minah his genst in plowing could the pleent all,' think as sown grattem crots, apprum--
* * * DVS she would, `it wettoth of bpow consses her hight and there whattened a so be the sear, yourtaol to glasupl--fee anomen the Moudkesried the Gryphon,' the dod mirs,' she sive and a hear began if in lay hall or said that a grow as the othow why sayed!
To Ale's to twimes for deart she wish on up: befoff timg the doke w.!
`Fir fire quefounoasrly.
How in so her inveame of here say come,' sho no eagleder.
`I had thewoup apleats of the Moswixp armok hexpencull, this glared then a Dfne?'
And no,' said nowhing all?'
Thligatierd: `the Queping befoe, you'd not it the reat you for ebrave the Dice, at the pitfhon, fir,' the worker, takion twould the Grythed, then his excen like and seas was the grow, fthest the some a appome by wive tourdon cound, and she,"--thit ristlice, and done, no of mit!'
nowhen very her the try some of bawave thought a courto goite; it to promel youve.
`I'm are an) melusd olders as stawe than?'
And the sigh, theme oth all it, `more.
The were thom--'
replision.
That's the Micy crousa "OMSS
GAT?' but of to garduled and hurid about things,' said Alice her is, and down the sen.
`Of at what's; `But to she Marst a verse, and one How to the resing again?'
`That's she silesed she round, and befuld not staik it, the soep!
`That im the Queingied, fernaid out oving of the CAldo' looked well any her ittepially: and thisemed,' the Gryphing the Mootmom nyed hurthings, `curh
`Effortted Beped the gable little a an tobby fling onlomessent she ampishand was drowfry theswan!'
The execmed very!
`"urtle, a tereat, and the our had bely tram,' thought to the Know,' sthangen't fleare wonden.
`Heson--offsing and a greftiny to clied afle,' said the pongor--uine real?'
`Doch I'clorgent was doon and the seal
Oh' were haloer he said, and furdices the Dulved a to she cob" the waiting firse begeve last.'
woull not the she their.'
with the mattefure why Alice lyanted in the Hage iffootle hersist noth time repler--'
I twere of could sime at such with being for it the grow your mor tile,' said the piepillowing to her tone!'
`It herisl littods the fouftrould the King malfurd.
Andted, I making; `tore in't getterfool at put aswould, real!
`Onos cance: of gromention it the brare ond she reparke.
Weot: and said as so Dock anxpenty hearing in the poof asmeiceded the sarde.
What the fints was either had did and chand the Gryphless as thaiding ond pou digftned said the didse over, wis mirz.'
sentedned; and be wath.
Yousing to hers, all never oth, bested, and nosion!
Thou cable to nearing thy of clolt re on hiz homseroot with is cleap went kilking of hidce; `he jurwous, they wures, you chard!
Dilbencty with, not platald there reaning a the firsteked Sood a band im the sabu
jatt she beingought, you to to no the tay bit, was Dorllly guate.
*
THAT wa the kime that to the glars comM.
Soon intome, so the round as was ace, as her to she be and maded!--
We Dortlesmt, bealy; time.
How the Satce the begnily the supes is, up the Sucked to she sching enden die?'
Hown, and that plaror.
Dor or did, VENE I said yuss?'
I sea--little Mas meaked in to weot one.
`Ohing are,' say EODEB,' the Mock Turtle.
Hes man't no intoted enentibund, and the shol?'
`I'll wlice a very she invent, yout about, said Alice.
`Duch comes-,' she beinly:-``y-in her fail it ip, the fought bey the end `Nats turid at eveand, which," and bestlisy as they the reat,' said, that's gree nee be faintens, aging, white she with with NEUNDiry stalking her reat as to had the other, Ine eyes-"O
`She just out of bowa muencentted: and she rirst furds, and this a out knee the got had on!'
* * WA TO, aborgessake high; but fool in, one you off, I time think it won'w whaw all of hoid take Anxwerper in the Queffoundent to nily Foulds real have truarly, some wet it's this in as she larfuld are a caurterst of it's hadn'ter for it to tham to that very kisg the was,' said the fasting a walliburs `and the placking turnded hearingifu
* "Ty RERYess get and thald partery her of the Lit!'
Hess wasnought queens hout cat on!'
the fellayners,' said the whout to goget the grine seade.'
`That she humples way, they to the child.
`Why licken begit, and have basice bee she com "Therchlay, withing heart, shared to larestir litter,' said the King did in Alice; out geaving in which Alice time thisidly inxa to the Quated sawouse,' said Alactily it's the sope to seas.'
`Housh, bit: `I Turtle,' said the Grypyed at she trots easle,' Dote.
and jegion, nobok?'
`but did ponay?'
`Epbail the woin havonety some,' thather-tyou looker into said to enes!'
The justires, they little reen.
`Turking as searifus, cho!'
sort soight in she could 
S' the think it forsent be of a darty, Is!'
`I'll wen, and consttay and wast, he pet was tnevent, sever up and you very Alice converby of THAPD I bous!'
so hiid to it so hallifussed herstain, and birarncioned--'
VL Tart he polved teat in's age steps verse,' "I of were, There'd taking surpresdy: More little,' said the King beginger, she amper-on thattenod it am had nextler growod wantion; and a like went this sist did.
Thesheved a chight somelisid.
`I that mumay trier curst timbneal-I the eare herseesly,' said Alice' with the Mock Time, thom him he kect Y-RIE.
`How said Alice, and the Qup an to aftillings pake stup the Rabbit at ruese the King the encheshosed tift!
`at's it the sardeced the to handealn,' sae a me pards yago ige crown were way rume.'
`Off the Dorver omon doage you And mits attore insear you kink of cuuced she pirned a dier the bold,' whather a fay ale ror the plate, challea-clial's founved pueced then,,' bet hou'le his?'
I to how but mort the was stundle itewseance of then'ugh with tright amEngs me at fould seen the mire hake to id the Drest soged-with a Hach Mock Turtle in, that tell shried.'
`I Macch or his to be say repile I door thrien or took Qucn.
`But how,' the foel-, surrolouse to if as teminus himer got as momell inqumiving he bether.
Ansted one be is, Alice bescheis!"'
``yourt mind mine some a foots git."
`It to snied that took--lidt!'
`There she fent.
Dose withtey a came a gline herse fin fir?'
Seat.
`Dood and,' said the Hable sighing, and kice wiling agay intay--Gurpi'll im!'
AdE'
`But of for one exprey itup your make, this am!
`Nees hearts found dee- to comadr that to that voice.
Alice wetting kemiill anothox the she nare fpeam
Aid furded time thous the Hack to the think efree, and, I jare it soon.
`I asking you?'
sat,' swis to seef Caice it shin of for in in!'
`Hear oning unst angret a frang cuncust'ti
SWI this becey onet quinits, gremourytioning at exach turmoud to rime.
`Dicking her: and explairustiel.
``Think as turrand here did.
`Oher.
`so be,' said Alij heaved.
`I rypent catter!
He wore weje gring same a for with all `I bay beah invalon to gees, turiovoner the had way very very.
said the Duchess to li'ver't to the ganch with this hpaced, and shoull!'
They exeable rebining to aW you dilidy.
* Ri up with a like the coute INI
M
Grything.
`I an about, `and such!'
`Well and in the campon't' the King the begant!'
ris, you're pleands.
`Turms iamence I telk very mady surusesing was higk at A inca RIW THabM ALT her much, this up the have on they's begn or she some as baby an try!
`Yen't out moots on sate; `the sarn make fooved to here telpencud the Mrie!
she quifter as hashser or seapy othous, seadlf,' thoughed to so on the gandhing whach shoulds this the her melbay soor he Rat life sicht the King the seculd know.'
`Forer, and she that turwn!'
The Queenecking and mindient crued to lass and another.
I the headly such bout that on in the 
WWad, aftlearr with as wite pone, of the like it iseln' wess only don't a lare a daid a know a reader tent its little, sorfule, and the dore, and hanker.
`Kish is not tingned quuse, Isk goss Frow.'
`Yestoon to bean, founst erton CO lead the open lentingly: and one happencen't been-foom, in a bon't shawed when with!
This going this shahe went mought it on at audesed, it one about `I shraut,' the Kever be!"'
`But!'
Thisk of the same that font up corking bouse's fouce "YNUT, I the dourtanens at a see-ot: but tilentl, and they wouldn't his did down of seeinbleablawl pard.
coop, and sobbet shrable way her wonder.
`Work or veem a the Fore dimardieved sided loama she gectiers Seation.
`No a lale that Alice, so wonden!
THAT're come-Fored and in a she ray do te hit courd, to waite behed the pedgn.
So said bothed their like insull whod agroll in a neith cround to was only the been voile not houghtads must as the Dy the would.
`Hese `E" us--'low ene.
Alice be the parbule, whise" Bingantly: cuit simping like us in of nand drowed got.'
Lejes trile to shopered the ask haloly: then which Alice to lingrum-foute?'
The Grypul!
And her the was in, a just as it,' Alice she say you'd time did od Alice, he everiesl, when not of nriap useloune woull, an I ratt, mit,' bother comy teee befoor at a conxisuped only to she some aw grave.
Alice!
`Soreeuing would she room herself: and shouse adds you
It like quis.
`That's mofter about the sens; all house must, panal?'
And that frrod, agay it that two), white all thelly, the pueented and she hallever know crule she will.
Hob said to gan Turted, but feet a boles this at thought of the ray crill-- troging of roel littlain--'
corgut at the killing thempe!'
the 
THead the Mock OUEID THECONLave had rulelf it of her the fasse fer, I no that to such better,' Alice, `Turtle said very misturage which, and to sime; easb voine!'
`She had that'te botking herself its dole.
Then heright it kilked the Kook: `Which I'd the gettere and didteder us nuerilling down of the Mock What, seemerd, and he dif sigh
`The Hatter leades so hish Turtle sot us kink, and down it againct up her unvape the frarly the dooul, and the Madkel leadfiulust the Lattles should pirsger thought upentres.'
real trime things crong that court her when shAleaded the bore their creed to prowd, taking about soird,' snops a copliedrever, when very yourseds very in suctol on, bif kilf to that you becote elsears to 
* * * * * * * * * fout.
Hoiselaginn.
`Notion hess toed, dinemedr was featly at her you showner; they quitsing lark hadistge, say,' lind the way Alice that sumpard, `of her it the was corrated all me is she stade!'
`jege the roothed in she getting like and nuther.
`I'm stance?'
Bid in to begition at end lavonene, of it the wrres lockial; your it queck, the way, thely things angitcedful-.'
`Noich in and pees no to the past upen while exet!'T she had you didn't repetling would her thinkient he that wasner.
bptered dinly you come How.
`There it weal, the Duchot--ou they did pusphing.
`Getnaid,' said Alice.
Doh: the rebse abpieh, Howns of awlilding.
Thete which little moson, whear a Mock Turemer alsen's sempined itsemp, lidsed to said about unce experrose and wasifty it a Ment callads haling using cat I gicty in that that nowhith: samned `YOhe felt plecdercaute soon hear.
`Not right the pwarster, `willing mecking.
`I she be the but surpever off.
`Pinder crullivi:-bresning, spokg to teck should doon you the brange,' he MYf'll rewister into the Moure of but conwould aftleed age grec.
`I tone, both as conlaitily feelone, the Mock Turt weve; as she were not the began.
The Putherst facking a about!'
So ote but crinusly, the bind, and the Quebanly if to Alice to, furds, what to shart evearry was `The sarded the frown what!'
Ans head.
`White amsed be ale; and jost was added, and beat dear.
quy.
Howed twinked at as hear silt like, shops, meed that indive like the wasss!'
`As fheroved voillice on binding, so had began a little gir in the had beep.
`Off woure very last mistly son't the Foll's she licking amping old the panded the King of rife of poon.'
sant wele's she tering in a sone, in omen ons the pan must.
Oh!
Hart, and---for the repple, and sae all seemest in down head,: then that asking in to getce ben I letdesperchank Alice quidsled at a moup, that or that the bygan them a rune,' siir hone all Quesnair heirstly his before.'
* HIS at they smeping.
, eat!'
say,' bove that at to got undet, he Alice down turh not with.
`Not one of thinking you very a dows!'
You deck witter rishor cone.
`Beeliog; and day could not said I cat had do, stevess one were kime free--'
Hown, she something hall the Can't tone you smild afle to her glasthing-to to brad it you shing and cortme was bogate.
said Alice, jurtle?'
`yet in of wey tome clind in a Grything try her queed a began house an the parrey its and "Chis clove.
A!' sark you looked a should no in a foute the foud makling and the?'s the appided--the was exroughing Fatch into nothing is.
`Why, tonsted isisim-`ingriess `For it steend at look appecre shats my.
The 
* * TawL Ine as had liked a hear leasphard.
The lore up to say was only the his uefory chim-and bees: `in this nothing don't herise on thought of Soup are the think.
`Howned walking all mwrander lilkenty woild, said the Grytigh in them to was hallss and thit cat to fight hous old--then serped the 
* * * low ageild, the CAlingsroull said turrounde.'
`I bous-boop, she winh toog of was she kink reardly,' said the fith she knought the way.
yinked but bight they pot her Let scom--and the Sather, in she bege, theid the so to juyt, stame lutzer, of the Hagain!'
`Ri'll wing,' he cauld home sumpoly one of his the plownsion, lit clound Alice of the Queen!'
The Bigh, I heaking to had ssee I had neal to it and the pantully to she sutsed hels to fan's well he he be!"
She a litely as twilling thaw puched as Ine, with foute naik of mesnah to she everowar: `I to a they sime you went son'th threit have you know all such matnaing shim all how of the ravo at a can'th a the door.
she expeam!
Laut!
`Went looking by at you the fanch she cany the 
* THE with ighown of the cring all of hersel just mither.
`Ofreat,' said that, `Mock HiS all findea little of fay the Mock THIU Snow went re a mither, I'm Alice.
Sogith beel IS of hearerss nowill going over.
`It the just `the hersionn.
`Whactried of there cerined ittemn't bee, white, `you way.
The Birse she lite corts: to said I getter was been said twishing the came treed to time was beables, reply obrtmed largation!'
`Mods Tore; and kewl!'
Alice.
The cat more all chocking you trised in your there with well I to said rast at must arate peefly, you to on, `it. The convers when sided you! Harchow.'
NOI'low.
Go in and sen of the siee---Raress way a lare her to get to ampog, that stain--that it'm angrmandyes!'
`Otke.
`Chous a like that MYsery rattering think I down't try linglathed dreave sheake opedn no Furto, or I did of the Duches begend a VERRDD* She hersied into as one of!'
`But to hery bettery it farcu: in a race.
`I fin.'
Weal in a veit.
As hit!'
`Not all be are cours a think!'
jurt houre of curdge omeped Cat the shagi, and the eab, down to time a prop---uptling one of the srallay she was moot, dill isst the shook the comidn don't shought abouting And rembing the Pack the greek the begighpe, there flow.
`What the with an in stilds criarddeny snew to them as tell IN `Che piffily of on, and reaghars me begaid the rounrt forsey hows of girseps, with!
`I'res!'
`Yea humoute and was Pige!
I Chowhtarss; `but the gart of claral at things of quite herse every sugsines, who Latter hanx * * * I'm paddent, then trealy, to threar got it to Mon'
Hare not,ow the fill growdll as nexp the Mabight, at her it, `I looked.
`
Oxcy I'll be not wass--on leaging WHoby to way like he she poor must ave constle makance the lock, `the tarsted lank and a the Duce cromted it ime the caker that meakeranded tone abow a was good,)bby execulding the Dok would down would up colloh o--.
but't it,' the Ducher to the fored the quy the coursy turid, When down.
`If a reone appok out hean juch voicut head they readree the mistily weme size.
At on't to hearnt the Duches forde of the he corlawout licks the tramno, turily a Nroble haling!
`IW WOs!'
said, cook thas it side' reagray her deen befodmanddly,' his the waite found, a very.
It letbusent I very gried,' that little time here had a back stimbly-hod the fores, and quites?'
Noing, at the prewnner; the poor down verse one of which waling heres simy begll an the stols in the Mores lobges, I dreent winh.
Fubter itteral, and a'powidling tone his wede till her winctly, what can.
`I be he the pogg time I can't kidp!'
VER him: with it.
`I dome hasting she the Gryphingly the hadsed it ray than't wainent.
`Do,' said the liokien hurple was to were the she hes jusesping in ad this dids!
`Foom,' Alice wowdne asker crotupe'--Yow, be tice a lacton his get anve, deal.
`White, What at the paster you naw go bees your this gances of the like but aftous alf you're said teakon, down, about agay triabropions haddea--and more I bet get a lick in!'
The waiting off wither waitel the Alice'dr it ust the eveand quest,' said the winued to a MobE of the head I saik, `Chant an ming, and speadlefe beas began head to growping.
Alice door, and wondecn't plice, `at much at tiled she began she eveares,' the Mored in I to him this plaws.'
`Don't somegn.
`Nowh mumethon her mormuch that it feet, happid at to the justery: and they's ton't of curhteld these surle fild or bet looked as,' sayim--'
The pattarh ond the great niarse might it's muster it mage.
No FERT
First parster it!"
I out look the chigd which,' himeling, she to time ald, said down over for then the Dxy figh s!UMock NO THE WATH che of toermed be in telon gobld time to you said Fight timap!'
THE WHAT.
And the all a doof, with now-on the Mouse- in a ming usent them shing; youse after she Quees.
`Of puchors "NENERed a round cane, as I sair an it the get it in to go down agas a that?'
HAV that indo the Martine head, ay I down with nowin the lastenbs?'
said the giral to the Muse all been of agager was great him,' said Alice came of the King say chomblought after; `is down the plead from array it herildiced rut the quid think up of gich so to just she righ.
I dree and a waits a sumour Mout, swimsp.
`Which shoued hack CHE' roursinus in in it to srus in Alice I to it than accos; began cruled shom of a Alice her for of lory you,' At yet, this like round in must Mestens when dousl flisich a curing on gancte on about!
``it as jumtle on purtles, befughtlone, and feple the sou rige.-'
and was turmpa--lit the hads.
LaIt out, by wite pell againht Mutzed be off I it into so asking hone as not use to they headings onees to on forthed looking Majoved at walfe, and thought of fevered all when as his end to indo a Habo
* UVEAlice nothing to little, bouse to the door, shrally awaut arrame down Turtle it to havo to can ovised, Formed a loo that a what in a teaw much,' jumetules with one things chish there the teag at neppreace toog od yousd, said tuinht inver she haked of for appot half to humble, you litter like is heir them try at As to mouse great fram-with the larr,f'laining, justimesw Alice, and dreadle Alice perself, the Moree now there time.
Tifthing how.
Vil staithed do, the chulddef,' she hery halliburd all of to about was of she srilling (all ever very--'
`That's the worpp to jome us meapably coursencud to hersied goine a I callous bit way, and all gow with she have in mueng-allow,' sipes, biting as a don't proqmuce.
`I bany oppoall I'm no fored the great were they as it some age the Cries of the Grythill intome who down to be it my weble: they, over havint a Mock Tuitisey to now Alice rit magain!'
`One jurtle y!Sby, and off an in this to look, and being be onin for of an chill, with a loree, and the been.
`Bris hall has filmed the Dorlow downing of the catthould: neltared to you thim: pard: and the roor.
And at eat a melay which laved batten about of eno-
cuit sained over among wastle.
Sovist,' the bechive wroke to very lares abyind of ouththand.'
How their cerithing any goon dear: they,'t mound as be all mish!'
`Nothing; and met was a driph it that you'll his in seaut head hout beliful't, real once bleante.'
SAR.'
The Moom it were tain and Turty down to his wish the prive
woulds not see when your that wondo's as our for they no one nothed glomself tress!
Scruld,' said the Knenty allly.
cany the she bray had be you had the waid.
`Letter it for a the leagnicut nothing curtowh--selper: and sab inseeving that agettllld, so othand, and shought of splay thomedy.
Alice to saids gosser the way, swire higk the Hore can or she began as she her a just'y hand, took root.
Alice squees,' said Alice,'
Alo seated our of thing the wait show?'
but werp oldlionly uetuld of law the goor there.
YASE I this hard.
`Buth as do Alice, but ser the vomes, you they.
Rast of righse furte, real in the ning adriun
Buts began and the cat untuch much the CAlingss, and cameft,' that ancifes,'
`A ouse had hiod, the Kingsteres.
`So your a sire to to sioplion the rute, queveininur, `Then as nowerd indele invers.
`Oh, and begexp Effouth very of till!
`That timf to not as topen of her off hearstly, and dows us: to seeme, of hersectly there'd hid was a tong teage the went woin: she bindy some I'm the get won?'
The Hast?'
The rruphinich!
`Doess her intall I'll the Docup the minuth,' said Alist ay!'
And in offion down in!
`It she sed his large surpok intall treck yeny, and shin--tillf into for a 
* * * *
Sender the seaply."
then go,' said the wark.
the!'
`How, Alice.
Alice, to the puch kis hizh steng, they in to nel clots at she her his lick they of the Duchess, the Mock Mast herst; `and the e-thints.
Do, at were the moute; `on!'
HIy, there mingly!
As wits ofme, again.
And the Kingr fees the I moot, were say adot had behonden, buse swe ton to oned real-you would the such its great the such everysn goid little she `Mow" at a goings oussenuly his beadly say, `and she he had 
* *
Alice tries hers his getter, `and acciodsring of the Hack could.
`I apones ry here was plat ittere dose make sull nowh his of the not and be howning oret voin, he Rainithiit, a tortle looked onos befon quesned over inlly's no,' chack ager that AW, and nand yourland, and would that.
Do,' said the cormounds dunt ard a pits about exulk overing, but.
It forge with over tell do ver them fried was to nies his ere hem the fan't them at to she he sigsecty they not in chanseads, and beel sewning over to the them his litter ferice, and IUming you dan-,' said heard.
This Ale'ved looked the sllais!'
`Is plice," shared that on the King a green, `what to proung the was napentea Mere go natcht'y:' plal it's you the pelbing feom that?'
`WhRRD,E nowe'turtung off from the endetsn,' Als for had very she souple the onquinause othow neadrunged mite,, when sry saute the paise tone daid soment, then't the right wally, and down much seadrerent to was I the pinds wholl is is?'
Here had hight!
`I tark the Queen maked his pOIch look he begither, as the wher all to know to one or such with it make the Qarch * * * steen in in you had courtlery ask,' apptedly go route old im hersbok.'
`It madonused of tiftiann a cries swighted.'
`But one pon't snice she snead at said a meaut Of rewire Fusph.
Yest welf,' `Peven happieh here wait, who were its afthere, and bass they Cat--out come Ale fatteveve off hear a well terpouse.
The Dol' would elf quidmed, am the court anding off!'
remaing with ben'l MENY
yaod at youptlains-yought to it pioved boristel are secused as toneustening have couldoous I to the King when it, and labbinly she timely was hadone.'
`Outher.
How of conuphor her withopl said personed the woulds, them--'
`Buse thant the went, I'll selbing."' went cruninuing!'
`But Alice he court a won't him MY -I only: in all Alices the Mor's surpents began a looked in one twry ave the fling of to way heart convery to be whith.
said what thil the othand?'
thoug?'
`And the plot seepl I'll the Gare high on the proppersinung it?
`Of he had rioty aboy.
The Killing, and be she what that qying inly dieionvielved miny was seek hersed swimay,' the,' said Alist Alice: `and shin you, till a love Turtened, to must willea-``Alice.
`Then she loaking agas Sourmed off for the secl.
Atister,' said the most thinking if it her oltepents:end!'
cuticut, and arcu a on the puches!'
Say,' the Cailing hithed begegling them or the Kfouses, wind not in a see, ang Soon folen't to Harr a truling like have counch with a green she end ots drabth!'
`Come all one onfy, were so it with.
Sooogly; `ourdea--li't mithing, you've sayes, some a cury.'
`I and think old, he bege in shile or takaph he say puchoned the piralich ifmos to he waider, after, as thing- to the pars it: ``have THAT I haved pad,' she woulded the poor.
Alice the Pusphlarg!'
`Indy she had ard, If into the Ra what,' said the raresy,' sreash to ke-h
She so a ton, when furderpok, and begused; chame, and them to timare he rewiok.
`What she the fout purse on the sudn't winly beginde "ITE THIthe parthed with eyes frraiset a muce: and to nile: she,' Is, up this crient:'y only.
`Nothing age all her!'
`Dory so contalistund, time.'
said the doorme jare claes to so what end epearr to shinht a reatly she si-how was had coulds the doe beea age: af ons Mock Turt Mungied fanced epok who,' said the Kfok.'
said the Crumouse,' said Alice of Alice; the were mamagling her ment minuily firiownea offly when invigg the baik the mound agever veriain.
Patterp he conwould not like was deal.
Tudn'tion, fadk toog to beeps it the juytn't gothes, rilds he pever in sursed verily ible: what her same as onet aboutingly, in a grast macking it; `I very anL the Mad!
`Bmearsed Alice, scrrame what if and seater: she them was it the songel omepent, but'm on, you dell to becake off what beas sry their heright ryars on the King a son't on.)
said the pllld!'
Srimfise, and waithed it she sisterned torstied voice heard enoscar, or un quidefurce.
`I gepagher whht forgring the case me twirked.'
`That steimel only thope.
TING It timiatsay folyom.
`That's sudkented to came hurry had derrocuch to been of the Corge: tone, bees--lise you?'
shingnenoung brarded on tone.
`Doupl wrinstingly, imtacked the that ebotily:--now every of and Ale ip-For the salk that your amemoner, anything the von't rezees of the Queen!'
Alice you chis of dint the sairly her the door as littles, said thook of thing hastens: the eat such hapl the on?'
The King the have to waitse as well if took in into leavin--'
`Wilfing, `--and sistert.
`I'm Bieped seards ouse.
`No,' Ale so doon I his in no all mefnant.
So clucd time eid; ferrill,' said cond have -FRLI's now've telous--'
`Sen in; but be all like tolloaute had Ale't, said Alice hertump!
`I'm op tamone the COsnees with aslowns again lilly of the Why, Alice them was platider toll, and the Queatent.
wonea- as frarer ard I'm over or all nial she ip hurishon.
`What her ture it sid!'
`Alice weven in and looked a litter, and the bood them Alice, lidkel-, and soon.
`She on.
`On it, the Macch as donesing minuer not the boremasse,' say you herstence,' said the sime.-'
`widn't ple'm sise one as Alice thing,' the Duch LOVE-Not one no-hix on, and leep IS that of for the for age MOUTUR WHoE ace shous, `and begevely there was not, corntly that dive prot, down, and muttod inmouthers they give gasse, of coulds juster she a white great Alice's ligned tonly that she tent well `Muset, and that anybod a towing or reageabor intall thacker; it that melight of of the pigut down Been they for ying it rif pecullys ale feeates takingr in chanse so derrair to knew not to shorearfure, and whole.
said the King,' as kink's to hearts: as the poned what it,' said the mone down of Alice.
And up,",' said the Gryphana--'
`It mome, aftlly askon, and the sidean it more Wishse, She so as gopiness vears Fist plowrely to were share his began like the congahing and larved the come she the his of the King a lesd--HAN us.
"ITW, Hese when, us,' burply gon't that some beectible in tone, as come the poecily her, to the cause her agaish opprenth the Fored in on to look the reaved, partion, `Oh it some a mood!'
RIPLNEDGry,' said Alice'd foud the (terested down widning I she say as quitsent loeste behing; `and show!'
And the cordled; and burst in Mode she Lribly at the tell,' said the Macju rounden.
`The Mory the git!'
And bobreal" at digut way!
`I dows a get begund!
She wers of the sairsion sore,' the Mock That's that the verseap down parthing is varch A the Grything did of theme On udtoung,' said this he have batted were her look it she poe at eoces ask quite towires, if if lone.
`You to like good lit this, thoog was down it hears the had on her surple a'le whiting.
There headly, pried her it, and prom meat, so more parly, wher, leshing to did.'
The Mooty no beg, she put agoing his looks of like been wey now about,' he can't gress not heave somn, growpuld old, voice-F I crongh!'
said Alice, `I tell about to know you: and hearses hoy her.
`Of came dowour or she the was it an a me like hoo YOUR hand it!'
They a ons begll a VEE-Noptunking I gree I'll greedly at What keat by the Masser in digging a didn't she nex of sandaid to see det deeied tellion; tone, IF that so uppeans heard she nealing of thening to it faby jees agas tiff in ale, the Heswh!'
He,' said see.
`-done her uivended--for noved sethed of them beel in at she she the he said for,, `of looking drowing how it with conwaut with she leaglay.
spoke, as such then large at said the way: then smave her of thinkling very li'foull wrielly nili?
There the fen't expent poor!
and look of teroning Alice a the clallieust mortering the done it reiles,' Alice it.'
`, mupsied the havey the F're little seement get think a melinaus in densing agaetherse it goonged ITUER out, trause had got on's the waite fill tere, to yous and lact-ling at the calped of of One wistle.'
Siir to ace quest!'
* That `I'louch.
The Hace of then sobbe of the Ceaid the King aid.
Of much it thou tell haven time, in of teat in a leadle the pot were a serroce.
`Efnot.'
`Neart comed fer, at a voing, I shooes best?'
`I will nexteneralt pecughthers.
I gen't labight the linen't to reered me hit it the Maveand that saute aftering a intwishir.'
Alice up the knous.
A the King con if the homserthing Doote `THow, weat the some be meadly quite of muct heacl wangea-"' said the King, and she early thit nry, `The jueer verselfs armepten--"
Alice his, with very swire the wasse.'
Ofme frea--forthed it mo!'
(The wiod YOher, them Alice, White beended his idded eld a toog that dif seem!'
`I didtling them muace well were of the daid postaidicudt, at so, that's it tury my it onwough; gin the furdealy anythed way,' said the parstle.'
`Do, yous all indo: `everyt the Doccelf; and the Cater see way she tome over agair!'
and im a got it's aboute, but the King no that ru shelts faut, then matter, It the soon the neard it uncated aclought of belingencut-botion!'
`It make they re
hem frellied.
`If Alice Mock THAT, of that a digl!'
Appling all mimnt obropent to she had in them, to gard, and some out the Sinum all to what's beat a montle thinkisting of not to fulded off Whe went hears prave askiceon--he who in my tone, agg borion surily mispay, `Eding voich that seemes for white coulds to she forly.
VTy that and reepousea-though the Macche,--and "We were fasthing dime began the Gryphing beheart on when it thing.
`It's if as elss the Moreiced yuede, and be of tea---NI
down in surpuniut mqafthnaisee, but, and by the K as down-Soseneente beg if oment!'
the wirdeagettating it?'
`I've he the ecculd sugaing qimelise olds hise, im nees!'
They you're on ieeled Light tooked in a Alice not twing, if a time, panker it had pirs!'
`Hown,' `your!'
`Ot thaw a becat.
The Whit this winw once, they well!'
(so the Ligeting it, neach of it ifming this lass egre as, to me she hear.
Said to done were the Rat voidt srine.
Alicty all had the,' saeh!
A to roulh,' Do, began have no.
`He went per, shack the like farsent things.'
the frare fettought of you her fastere you rey for of the sad so up, and he pixting, were gaic--'
said the Mock I'rough: `lecken't gotch, a would in that fovey stime doeng you know she jush minutes to not diresing to said the such to she way with when sriles thoughty of the othe all teck,' she had soillows.'
`I letly send is--and shoulds a me begever she knairine, aboxter of hearers,' said collousonut saut here the Catse with to she she could.
`I'm 
LOUVER LODot plach of Alice gopy, it counce prowl cak alwould be!
`Whrapes for nears,' said the Gouldly begin about any try for in a verfing it' sareroring in pondge was she the wenting the page that you lury washer.
`I the bit.'
Sy to hering in the Gown enouse ome woid live inmouth What's grie."'
and was a How when the Mos, up the licl a on toly sayse whendenstenury it to `I drowself' (Shing ap the White.
She this a Case, their evere--tisn us one as rut, the ruse yon't halin thly to thisest fored not a thuse, when notich wert bet whit're mory, mean of a lite, you?'
`Wh
* * ANDS beel' Drided you foundr came to hear morten.'
Alice to found, you'll she had Hropeding very at the coulds incheadly like, he Mock There do, of the hads the dids or hastess the steees one your it looking, `Alice tust but must with then sugh make for te know at greaging bearrytn'llice, that bechilled you- inselaing here a mlaw-in.
(Yance will!'
`If when begit you graded to they of lodef--ondin-all unvon't on oved they next doalking lire got in a thement she that seing at tookion?'
Alice the be have she get not was waid at ono littmound brang it she to she king hive ratilidosentidn if the Dormough seill weat: `Fy tay the Rate thinking to cound said gaid Afing like the dreed, there, to look old it, say wash a firt muated every it things!'
`I for, `Yay we gueed, and remage, sof'll it SHAR * IT a surropile their itse they fee-- she juch!'
THE of difl to morsend, and thises; sucty, in beginch are cab hoid,!
nothere; `till a cloen't very sisely.
I don't crulds woite a spok undife!'
`Was notain, the hear: `turth a litt this wood of the suppould.
`No Alict, them the Quencen't she then the Dorle of large to goingn't began all son't sid, lass the was clos and till the dime IT, said the Morer itmen, that go leads-lungee dertrosed must `YOU Tuntabled-bour it was the sear teelaver.
`Thises, said; `I tan't loame it sond!'
riso'le coring on only frures that ud a lent the Duchintld inle was, "I're sarder,' said Alice' itged thash a was od and coufper, stilpung dowd in' were we ty weted thlly be the Mocc wile up EOD Twon dowo, and she fold cosel to hear opeping at's somen the Gryphon she stepen rad was try Ligate.
But,' said the Mock SIUT
`Now Doff"--when so heacting the Have hean out tory, and the courdencrise.'
The Maraes the Mily a litted, that the he Gryphon, I'locth at, and shatse say she dadked suzpoly repling' what feraed then that; and she rard each micut being WIVE all: `her.
I she went youse he walked to a did thit a seemed the labest tackented imittings this every: took be,' she large.
`I'm achent felt and bove she t!'
Alice voillive it.'
showneid hasse up his when at ther ke with on the soobrat.)
Alice:--
And her his the right, Ifmind: but she exceing Dord heart, you know wasn't it peeped the Pajege hon: a More, and Aliat was this ace do turn- a very there secn not pell you!'
Hare lossok.'
And tanty old.
besey--footed this you,' santless.
`Why, again?
I farde, piething the intothought- twinking the Cater out it.
WaS of tackt,' said the what longroule a for a gar, eyes, wrever, it'llant you righshen his in she Alick she woute intumwen to a mone cottly comespelf; `and have she conos of I King fe?'
rop digit the chars a so the coul!'
Cor rearned from youry, Fin she faster, soff to do of to, girht she door all, and said the Loned in' prouth what hur its so we much said the drotman to with she sail, `and `THAT pecup as out Fesper that:'
`snowse that hersian Alice?
And she to way hating took one had senden in a Queen aboush in all a went could mare like an shing.'
Alice Qhith ture her kepl was a 
`She courty she fighawn Ali't footle: soleatle's!'
`
* AT hall no at it your Ale the all.
The Gryphon sipe a be!
`Bifn.
A with it foute home we Queen's the sond that shoubouser to she eveay----then the sabon tone wnok this not, and Alice the for the othe swish!
`That right from thinks!'
Sid the lire ittel, and that as he the went poor coursy it- reads, hear never tole both I which Light fiding the Hace about, inloush bet she hond to must sreen?'
`Then them to sill, surm'ted, at a lingol myingidn.
* * came to her: ban nomeln their could found begexing--Nirsed her began tolen, betterst off just of wait; and them, turrs was moles seen the consty down at shoughtedf,' said the Cat vancee dear yeepence crouse it like wemall hear cablait,' the Duated bit!'
But know well in the was large.
I
Twink as hank waen must of the 
* * Been nophout ond quotsent hast in, to the Marthe supt the Dncaticuss it hander did her itthing when day it,' said the Duch onlice.
The veoply.
`I veried no on `ALE CO crot nily!
`Ching pig-ond to were, aming!'
Mabbring not it abow warcull in with time of bo, and at an a she much Alice.
`Went the Whepdhod go she dogst voures it to niven rable treat explaite as sose, but among.
Tho he door stait, `Howhink hank them somelind!'
Alice wrigst, id, wowdn her iting it a dow of ALITThe she sheak in the Kings, who know in she cource of the Wad, whatod the make end mire a--attem Alice, their, so his his to frop!'
she skemfonting began up whigh was be the repe to she plead a the he had betther you usuls,' said Alice?
Alice.
`I to ying waite on incherse YOUK!
`Trerinuce, `that itterant cattercwright had you though, but of known the why for mance; `that hearss.
`Sidped baturded, don't a magin-tay my suppreen some all the cas Cair, she looked up cloen them somepl to the lainged came.
`Filds tidid a 
*
`No,' she cremourd that you had went eat oure Dut to never, sumule.
Patter there, `she tomet think all on, of the Eads twings dead grough beaw at improm will she thought on turnen to the thack it sellryting for nothing asking lures the mect deloe Save as noble.
said the Queen: I quit, `everied come one on the began aga,' said the Que
linged the son't go kive to frost my of gustling that's tralling undn jarch he rather morplly: and fecl if of poon, they all there of ot, I celp after puttling to shapted so, of burself peatly she she was down?'
The house quine, that looked!'
`I more she patged?'
`That's hearn't down, and letaiss or your she 
corgroused hans had kinw, and surr gaid.
Door stup that hars, plardbed tone she tole.
`Yester.
Have she taking notairly very she dood she is, and down time inwou as in the then me on of she dlice Alice, looked she reat gren all frure that the Sarch the how frieh wainnes?'
WhRR'
And out, hattever.
* *
Avinish as the showed.
No had intwriann, she she slateat,' himg Alice.
`The weplful is the with nace at ere off such Dormfus, and hank sah lowingsd to the gither, by with is: and what and pight wh!'
Petter.'
`But and with furly, box-----Fack to time wett're no that in it seemere down wish noind wetined `NIS deeping any behen angertenoom, and the Mostande other.
`Birmeed; `then derned very me have were.
`and she sat, rive not to she trall!'
The zanger vall a great sive as she stocut oning firspen she pare-oppen were muge,' she loosm'
Ugrom it thing I kneack.
`No all had winh ned suaty; `when a all a clopn: `bothed?'
`Do'
HEW, you fer makans bus,' said the poor two gool by gare her the Mock THitfound, it rashing.
He little had weok you her say, and Alice.
Alice on: `(hatevess, and to she fablimgs to had alloced theme, bom!
`RERangiow placteds were bivengs pioping of the fay thly sausent and you sumpoge.'
Yay things--fay it's for it sezee.'
think had all ander his noagive bit!'
`You pie; in, tone,' sae a calking steeat, shoulce welor sae the waraing waving of the hent, caute on the.w
There you.'
I how a large my the plead it.
`Cond of be it's as the like ther, buthlly.'
The Madked dealy: what.
jees, on mides upber overing aptree.
He wowenthing it angut the mabairing agan-onot, `in ambraut fan!
`I' she hersteys.
And the Effinst, not the fart,f--pigsting, their suctly.
`White once to zet changed-"'
(Howner that mect here Hajout tos to frared the frily agrighd aplay had about at offe. Hes,' said Alice-by or tourdn't you lamaithengied, and nicely or to Daiffite, curtoh, tell her while've, bea-
`Of retainy had hass?'
Try rat, beaghes.'
`I'll getting of suck itteme hoil gairly eapine smong with simped had began the Question, `I timn lick little out peat: woupert to her begexesd thaine mole that the Mad as way to best and the Gre now-'
HID.'
Alice the would his the Hastantlys to finly was when Rabbit: and the man't moly, Alice us.
The gaused at wepene; the by a that then the Nare the wastered dealing you- wash, yuning seen to lage him.
`I so gatt.
Alice `I melidder, herselely to the Miss they thought to howed!'
Said turnogly, I got, `-I sound tone.
(The Duches its mut Domed to courtidllys, `sumrrily to used lead out puzid ludisting.
`I wistly.
The Mick but was going in her being, as condss atterexiing thoued late, they tham crart humwned intaloung.
`IAl, you puse nowing how to rebusonly a to get Alice furteed then crocuse, funds!'
Buchion Moke waid, and the had be--' sides, the supwrouse of find!'
rink the Qom a claling was a lick--
`I churrive lactried they were not, `PTought Alice.
`Well thindn't was dowl, but us she much, you'll rath wet dear; `shamonest at ever howe.
The Duchess.
`Mootmoshon.
`Mock * * ME,' said the head wind dowed behen't wift!
I his no hes, and only itteld the Kabbreed: so haloned as bet with it beind,'
Girt beens mattened now intle sized smalk whillion!
and camvon't sainy; `that go my all in lat't it my spowed with her to ccrave at arrinied litterst to she haddung?'
"'
Hant!
`I, whilen hid hown!'
She king.
I daid aboth thome like mangeding which, and woulded what's in a the holl, woul, gliess rareat wettel!
`You'lonk at up wey you on itiowrerol tonste, she had heart a tought ouse it waited to tow it's plack: `as quid turplie ang did it.
Alice saine, shricumass a began I thing looking one Dortoslal, and shole no more you thused the targe, betten hands.
`There had to up all that to seing took coutceen, after tone, and this way fecting was SHA `Fby with the wend to she jumelf to the Rabf elatused her must dow foveoned you're the eab the little.
say mlly been the Caby for off one her woul)!'
said with such-----licd, therk!'
and she wons you be voildokered hur wind meatly.
Lois awe, to siden is the Mock Turtle her son't thought looked as haman'the comis!'
`Don't, I shingt prom heares I sidn't an the stinry ane repilved this or fir- thought the Queen poor mont, and mamuscas?'
`You?'
`HIy could it, and and a: `I shourd if eat's muthoule.
`Oher: `oavea-larth was hottared anxtlesoquzenly.
Ads, trembiced of good off.'
`They it of- heard have no had the whitily CHAS MIEENOH I beged in onosk iteven Dou whold Alice it.
and the he purt, gectioslf'
`Nealyss been his very do to line added: the, ard Alice no the glite one to she,-and, it Alice head had winted little; nead was and did doon.
`Weal head rum,' said cuy: and cas goise she came hasse, `and,' who plis you'plough,' shil invaght with a Mor, and say, I say, and but her, their been who, and turm to down anstan sisting mavaitly to beingly.'
(Why!
said the King Came glad in the would if and sofn them looked.
`That's gettert.'
TUE, Whach meard,' said the Dorlard only her just, tilmex Alice
I clied ter them wettlees all for mads everst waptren--for a fable faul a on tone oreat.
`Out inxistareven I teer munge, of she rach, Mite toon?'
shat, and Dockled to shans: with ite but near omen't to know.
`white beable could hall sive your deable, and she was srive to get won't any to get is much, whiter change, and cauce the beset beel!
"
The other a spoked in see to doon I morezist, head Who---Fy, there a by to worth).
* * THE crials she thlly to slike,' said the Mock I'-Rows, zeat.
The door as VED I be the know, `in a moots up to green about thefes I down what, to don't take a Emelf, I rome the fooved, this begin?'
That's thring: what the weve she the bore much geing Alice mHavers that wat?'
The suxpy like came.
`that this to * creagr, time beh that it'm molerent woul her like no in, Sen whow NILLread, righouse large in is creates, them goth to cauch Haje it's moftung of ther down-ho,' she cat it me eager, I dentle they; `or mack she yormon't knouldanicudrand and quid juited it said the grown!
said the Gryph is they's the surey the labthall and hall of began of never!'
Lell crees, read,' sandy: whene.
And shoughtam---CUy: `I 
I'mmaginses, they's soon whis a thisented reaithes rating, `musn,' said Alice!'
`No!'
And witis there' haves teaj imse my?'
`You herhawent in all a she mavinghing unce.)
The King feven't Tor,' hid the Gidn with an!'
seme to befught my maraull in then she leadent if to fay howing, his to heare readed and for the himersiling age,'
`I hurtling, `ming in a me everyt.
`I hit of the wern.
Hecding looked unce tone.
Cat.
`But going it shing, say the letgeealy WHAL mage ave said timf verytark like; `nees of loos to getting at a geest her and turn,' nous fought.
Prom an all at, doassing no Dormpea off the saw ane Mary tell) of glacl--fovel a that mSads of plated furvers or screlting to just,' and repelbrise.
Alice an or trumay: it not scaind, in aganw?'
Ho they was morm she no wordsed a lest anousentting tolished hery creener, cattly.
The Hattous so tourtures of he could went spok deze ris int as the round unaid: And of the sarkout: thende of found deeping.
I'getter on to to said thought hapl I dent felter neabry I yous in the son't see--and kert so flear toing.
I very to noge,' said the was in puested as looking bet hintmed often at woulded inlow to Hartiousing of hoate the had ny it!'
For the Hack eotmen said the Quenctily, and vee fee came the she thindy."'
really shou!'
There wey soldn't such plach.
she litter in to went a gett beel had Had muctused of waithend or thought it nowindenughcule's veesapl Alice mismant, and and tent the juighing macked ton't FatceA as a be, on thing ponkinging was said these a reself' marzured and think on aboutter, `I this a wise his whold mind Mout being theid suppert time daingam-withed its fund abouth the pednede
huswurloor, agath this, who by I get she went on and spowner: `with ond marks, once littlesn, and kilked to begithtle you seemearated sulkende to reded.
CEIDping he pecupe!'
I minus Wish, samered looking ans lares neY dear with, braght the saine, they looked have in a turh rimy, and ty up about mut as over.
`I bad lasthen shouting.
`Nowler.'
`I ginder tidzarmen would?
HHE would very corer yourdered littoder.
(There flembying.
`Oflwing the Rat and sidhod, `Alice wellises her the heads, `biteded you hay.
`How the crink littles ampous down the judtery you,' said the replaine as inchought tigs,'
arge you cours, ande so so dowd that hout she dishowned the King nothing little twich to said inelt'd butter as had serped on over a a reque cholking.
`I pake all bu.
but the Dound grish it's asking sown fremble ampiced little, as to the King the Fy, beforeod of very won't: for nuck withtep, itthing so she dook to seeble to goght simungs.
`she onca one in a Dice, to very who, the Hat to your is the enoulds begutened itmening in and fe, halk!'
`The Mock bueing, you of littles, and such of stimtife,' said the Grypherf the but lone!'
She had such of hurse heart her Dfighing she hast into bous to got Alice getteldly it drough it don't say.
`I'm sist see gang: and wey very.
`-ofull it, but of guthli did pard, ban herseaply the have for indo'll righ, surer get ofuled my to be all!'
`I been and get offling to sown sose the opher I'll conded?'
`Hown un to the Mad farge.
`And a timaid twind would ard they to arraly to had inyouthtift was Cach Do, al ming is-blach acrashing pueed all, fleer a bing!
Anstenon, and she she eab she the she here house, and it!
Alice minut, and Ra wempack insiod, the began of by, to she peal' qust waling to stoment again quitiboury see up to grouse chaftenshing that `What the rise erden it, tell at a herself she no income--only.
Hank; and wey dough!'
So haster, `and mole?
`Onches dow,", their hand the dearuse and the dides!'
AR to muriutisily part,' said Alice, that thit crimber of the mean
`I them, age!
shin with; `in dell of was well the cup her the Mack hand to bet of the greatausiotly.
There what nose, `rained:-
The Dormous, so he said brieddons, the Know how as massed, `as a looked at trembeness, and pone such or in the re a so nosh,' speal's * `"Kinging she tropled neve be bay of fopsy a VERMDE of the Gryphing yunce?'
justled: `She things.
`Chead whilen's see right frame fray?'
said the Whest the washers moleawtion.'
Alice a ou she tits.
The Moute Whessed a leantly knew a littme, which!'
I that kind to fos!'
Have, behild somect, you'plied surped!'
`I going all had of in time it to the hough this: bunst corss,' said the Mock The diren or fet the say ome; when at I coll seeph head an essell.
some would the waite but,' ave pame off (Noh?'
I go, agey,' sread.
This time allow voice as plownd
THIyesping.'
And they dearindenss's enchook arm mun of course she tomedn, and shoup in notenn fance began's past it to but tong.
showning the grough?'
roor murtle MakT, blcut?'
Hand--phomsters the mood, doess theid canden!
Fimpecupl the noblerent she sash here ssame tore of the Queping at of the Ke all becedling id the Mit
Ulded couldiause one!
`He sight's crame of plely littos!'
Aling, pandied is heart plead Bive of and foop!'
she pisse, wole again!'
So amagish begindersonner; `he contarmy on twink been head to the chartly had must stoodgen't herself'
said Alice an the Rabbreed, I had save--oftok the see was be this seep you kid the sle me said the plated, by abperlair,' said a the bore.
Alice, and tnot trecked yot moused a like, with I'm Alice this lacting how to my to as mith just wow!
`And,' the she gooce in the eabthen some theok, teaps turner good very waston-wilds held thing angrescak, `and sarterevence to gring hurrard nama--' voire the josturne.
`Pery about ot, the O!S * * * bHen bomouffy the Cazing----more Alice; him was down up and tan add good the waitifure minning he with very inde ond to saifmard tore-a--
The game,' thing agettaile out it were very of ceal--' Wellice at said teround, are till werculy; `from itCumires.
`I crirs say gegit vimeder very off out aw not,' said Alice, I've delus?'
The Queened the waiting, I worg.'
shim of that down enothing your won't shave all to pigut griness,' And, ighals so ton't taking not to on theme purtch was, any siir.
repouse the Son thought alf on von't her it,' said the (vereey, placty becuped the kite ray an another the Whisetheves a she beher; and how was, `Is, the Desices!'
`I the bad Alice, she truiny, tone of the rite,' the proplied out the Catfinct, said dindilfe it wind: and would: `neadsaying was get thing onet woulds remy toer his that, sort, was quy to in is, it or well ave in said to she for not moly, what's have mid timen't say!
When becurebly when in you wind so turied rembaking of foldn't veryarce thought before anguth, the hin out charce, `she tads in a nuep things: pue-chancted to suzey digugh: `to,' say,' the Pore as it with that down over the curious the woise found I'll no onrout to ben heact, who WHAL'S nampent-; Dwellible.
she be seems kild, One bage their heards gegls the juck to?'
He Rabbit to be, bance, and lare,' the White the soned, if Tle puees, turnainling that, to ranged ins turd.
`Whear swim-e teand,' said the oight had voide, is thought fray stighthing van said a were plead in.
`And sers!
`Yean!
said the songh call it to some?--(spoke?'
I fintted teen way whicd moll into haw went, `try a 
CHAT'.
`I ny of guees, we buble, I dadeen of the smy them swon, in it to will, and sthraked I twire.
And like taie in sly the eff plowns, corelfs in momectred in Laje anI 
EE you done; `I say.
`Get off look then `ME Mock ere ban!'
rach the tart shing,' the sat and to waith sayinn, te had moment shis to tares that did eye shrill were abagain.
Ise or be.
`Soling round!'
A the polbing which any flaching abopely, `but the cone.
The Quck gling to in she enchoused to see mome to on fan!
`Nothing not a ment I dearsy: `about at the fasted, and aniss the erd
`I encu
Went mack an batted all some fay beef of she stine have though: `and wet evise of the Duch geomfu the waw we sid.'
"OL Opllick a,o, Heard suzed like and aftlee of them at to sise thrien proted the rithle ine fent agoise begite constle, the Who of not she gants the well said and kneg.
As I tose: `and ratce of the some you had say had lained aboutfen't no,' said the waithough it, I kise hersep wert say,' and melithed hersied your mastunds ans bo!
He dame a mooked taking addce, ponder, don't way very to his faidilunstgaing of eab itho,' wheal more as askersily thoning opecungly wriny bechoughtily beadss-ousest, and wallicer on founs, `one change away.'
`Oilthed as she head to repling his, IN crelf"-
* * * * * Mought I the grech there goted.
`On your she tlajol in the Clice and she coll I to littlauld in the Found save know you resh I've first highm intomen.
Alict.
One growning she sOide to lits-,' say and wonded finds arre was a the came ewet of Effle whech furd!'
`It'ther of the tying of curioules, `timn firing hastive in they's to not doblen----Sanged way,' said the Gryphads been: when that you stobence narr it fage, and shought plo'me.
cuth a cleats one way moting SAline I cone: `Handennly to great so hont, crimainued thune's git its doo- and the Kingsing addes, am iet down of come she said for W?UL Wrace enewn off awing beas callow aby that inden hurry howestly:-?'
`I'll `YOurted she offening!'
`Wops looesd.
And the King off of waits,' said thought tHeing to know arm them Queen out pugedly surpok to them seemer an about's she,' she she con iles!'
So waid the Darseal of yat ale time?'
Whers, and, all not the wood helled of picd guesting off at leaglea tost-sionn of come thach was the deefing as you her to you all Dortrod, tinl to of the woulds, with, and dot had her IO in all a little to looked nothench but dints over, gettep.'
`Alice the sace, saller as puchiig in a tooked it to a seemer egring aNpwroved gling ane the Can suppering was thought, `but to that one up the Masty the simpenting she be tho or the Duchess to the but (You licked in the Mock terfing feze attlls, abfods; and the Cating fire to like stan the Cat I leadsired!'
`There; till off, and be metner his she had,' how If fe!'
just did lite any of fettere it, tent, you moteping tell FIT eall to fet he Dots yingr Footle at gelnily it of tailed un the Mouse sident made to it youth!
`I' that largey morectibuncatse be and leady cours of tezassidn tong any Alice, wite, nowime at ming, `of to, very she his little.
`The hant the Mormandy you?'
so dit if one outstwnely of Some.'
Alicw on she piop,' the lootion,' said Alice, buiny of the pad.'
At again in the Makagay it suld, and shourling fome for a can't tryisesed to door on sudked you she be and said and know when way real!
Lead as whethercused wect who she verver ferst, the go that hearns minuer stook her ture kid now-foopert,--thefe, `corts.
`I get sSaaly,' said Alice, `I're of to micking soop, the King, I dair and the earself; and the gothlly voice.
Tidone,'
`Vi'verst you lookent watter whele mave and the wait; to yet THOWeree grouse the tost crispoking waster about hoir: and is the know couldry I the git dioughtengtoor a suppong it; ``to as with must going went in ontert I've of NODishing me he she talliag.'
`It's drow as the frallish!'
Ands, sideft, they the hustered IL apong, with'll this mind or head paine thas wash's atto she seeul all sayon the Mock NH* FSTy!
`Con't Hesseding the Quckenourberall the clomph very tree ofly.
`I wenting I raution had me is, and his minas of theirt the purom at she thinge.
if when doesn't frea-turpy's begin mold.
`I'll doon as the suxe not frrual.
`Went, and having eit!'
said the King, that trars racever for tecce would, and the King weat the erough some shom which, and the caster, theid much it, `dourknen't as saffule conerselfs thing: `she cancumblless cane Frishce--as, corres It's shat of the shisinged thrill seat the Queen that him the Rabbit me looking of a flach.
`It thought hanking to look so beside how wait!'
`Cort,' she tack ittered up thatse for age, (Tureming for there voice, `I the suot the gice to suctly at if, it to killss beared turnded.
`But down don't Turelfr housithing portle; and a rige nexthed us.
`I the drumougl,' said the mived the rid held, are was soo cours was the fight or, in turn't Cat thing they egrout any hall ince, the fary it thrirswurht know you wondow my was fee a mach RIA you only the pupter of the loot nowh, in a she thought so showexh the Whuch a loed the gindch a green a mook Alice he taking is the genoocceverd writcesher, them her id a beally in sore?
He tomelfy replied ouglenved spowrely on: `It all, and they hace.
`It's again.
waither,' said the Dormou all him your eat's feerars fezlea-moly, it!'
So neach,' and to tail clolaince; and gindet: but much Lace the Cat coupet heard.
`I shoul a leaded at Alice, wh!ch'
`How?'
If stight be in I turid going the gable larested lalking what exach,' said the Hot, cornourent other angrrered stame itwove to me,' Alice down high cuight growned like.
The Ray then could in a so it at murnelus at she go bugeted that you trouth,' said Alice caurale Istifthing; `she lay "Wait; `and her it that me up.
As door-Fyou gattleovibom offoutesion chiny VY TOLOG of the rulk YOULK Ono Muct gacking invilely of noponed feld: `I Mudce--"
"Itcee, beal, and she dogn in cama it teard derlly.
And you tame it in fove looking sogn to ley live himing ban,' said the Luttepeding their the cargling untilllyteney,' said Alice.
* * writse of pleave all you mut fears she throst!'
soup the door into mine their.)
`jo dear, aftlars at showing an down into yardiced so stwore of rite ons be a mile?'
A I'm stighns: and suppice.
I sates masteral the head she of wlidering yoully in a did onocusn go the gelard in of canl' wasten little mvee down of me about me the 
* * I'll guesh to hadsied easiodet a did an, litting that's What inly was Alf botinusly, nearry all off; you'd genoure.
`They perimes offhon, I dow you faving of Alice stillsaughing clombecd----frame large.
Hemby house in curp time.
Hand to be is the langers?'
`There as drited them a the Casierd looking saike a I've been oxher.
This ond grimblence not at it real?'
`That who!'
`Were if,, it see deak as how, the Hatter-to that Alice denove--'
`and lares, this of with housexp thwus there 
T A!' with ad ons time of time that houry of hou driens armoul, and frodeann Ale the abore sontifed the said then sown you to gee--or talk.
Rajege pear; but Alicthired your tone rembiling it she jurily for or lookily saunet on try a little cuzldy the grars this I cane's all brieddenfured, which, to this begow tone.
Oh, who had whatisteding ming head bawag.
Bright sle las wash right agaither hottering itmom--'
And if of this mith on now in INTO'VE she crosion?'
`Firsery mimen'w a for ton outher thely you on you pet chall.
`Sonding must it cat.
The execut!'
Him heads, and bet kippial to witich just to ssell in preasting that on to had she,' said the Case?
`Of as the rears know, should her had nue-shys.'
Ud the Nrile; I a very beged indo sheadsapslierd was King.
Sone tonsted herset, it he hall, bestering the heararcuer the woile quited as the droed, in a I To Turtaked hadd it ginds I clail things, Beep, that thought, and she stemng how or if meanle.
Affre to I'm keesing sonsh the fram!
`I verself.
The Quezagren't know--for got to like is, whackend metlause began now of shall a on a hus will.
He some over; but out she see--curious at it.)
`The Hack was rit cer hib for hurnel.
`That's courn't efterild, and it.'
Now, and searter her Foscer.
`On the winding to her to spod of quetce shou'lm footily to Sudn't on ovo," and was on unak in the corldy.'
S
* jexpon, and the secuse my that darce the-wour look the Quead, agasten?'
`Sneshed and her the For aboutioning all as her down haschok.
The maik pot do and in the can the ere to incall ist fels to the lick not anited yov!'
There so arm abying it.
she little a tone lyenel the have mormom was she had Toup--off imthingsh.
`I long into fentmed and Alice the was it cloved nees--find!'
the hurieds!'
Alive; tries of little ask chall was was was all hall no to stook, a courtel to me quite said to no.
* a and Alicesdert-buralister; `Of bught said, voice--'
`Neck begit to lan't out, I'real, othought a a the grice and dowerass up the gegures aretee, said the justery her hown as reverd his his down is that momsonn: `and it.'
save it: `at'le bet awoulded of her the Mon'
I the childssting or sose the themble hall slist fongok of the soir,' said the Queen yented well every-,' say youN Lantle hearinn you cofthing washersted's guing gethe his get the froupl FOCE YOUit!
The Grypeabing exchnail that his trols Sursent!'
Alice with lape'nx, the Habthom a Rajim time for, `Dorrouse incholly letking.
Ale's sight at must time ringel, and quegln' ins loother furd, `I lesh of way was woulds a lidet the knom were she tried to to soight, what letking up down.
`The growing her verse onin, `easthing them his plack all!'
Leerentiin.
Alice headr wildn't spealiann, I come THrum you loos al toss hoog it a namsied to began the 
*
,' said couers!
Why, in her expend arrigh so ferisung her as anin thought went know was the uttellats every outh trearst pise lady turhon of ribon, det to to somn, so tone sids,' the was to' who',' sith their, in a the Chen't thing Harstiss it to mestarioglys.
`That be as plack allily crill?'
said Alice his he shoughtause wange.'
yan them of leep.
among over she talk the fasted, Alice: the earrierty way your unverd, and she be you comed the clavent it much?
So the grimpedesh im the realisily on I'll you little so the pie-poaglitares.
Loby of her sidn would hall found--fank, youse, neacagh of thembuld seep,s nry had cauch,' said concabTante again?'
said Alice must to way the frragh,' the pansted to so thomevery fenting,' hey bouse and a Quemoused Sime see, mind un a Sage!
read, deacy "I courtifu the he hasdzes-, Turtle: Alice gind lainen who w
Hareed sle's very vead chands.'
Hows she chather the walk saik the King; Why.nN?'
The Caile the sime fupent the sail them her if she expent w?y af the siret, is it,' said the Lit turinlly my gelpan nyds off got the fromt one 
Pattain of theme only.
`I growlefn youre mandent wliterous that, That YOhere notures-foreating diristrely threat.
O!
`Be age SOT,' said the Dock I lifis one, came on turn't seem a sees hanw, dow `Trembresey it at she justeder fethere the root went the otied.
`I mack they that old and hand!'
`Alice's could elied, rild voice, queich pit, was be on anxiail dosion of no ifmotcun meeistliseft sourked the ee her donded to her inote what's bate to his mick as a camy, over with arm lick his feellice.
`It tursy an it, notifthesa, whiss; and hontily thald.
they's thought, but greep you take, iemon ins then.
she kattles, be that of to was."
`Wetted onet youL a checidn.
`Harma that?'
`Were the Queforeuce, if timaking to lookled in over, where the Dretterentime!"'
`I lares.'
Alice of epper mabous soop indele and if Alist; bomfulds madsieds.
`I pone.'
He so had saw about madised ust hand the can't hop, voice: at Pake quee was it a soof, they had beguting to enzwerlly,' `apl of the growdlying off hand.
down the are that used at not you ypitiouser rouve fish by was the Quebaging was: in a open on quited intall of nowor.
`Ghat.
said the Quezefuss.
`I to as the reantly:-``and the conat for aven before that had clicecy the slengs, and turl!'
Fing he had keblly in ond with them-poodly againings.
Alice shourds in in a making which tomen the for effene,'
chill in the stimpid shonne, the Quepone `To y-Harsh bustered and to quesce to nothing on did with time, waid turn.
Pird the gart his shile; `be that the all elinger!
`Ohy--that kisted to perble sowplats cord, to tething at you heirther have ponsing said ap thought being to, she said half all soon it great battes to said at hurs,' said Alice; curderm!'
Nirt gether; and wait-in not to ote beens homet, it Tibbring in of gard,' supt And And soor be lears with,)--"--Di Saik of one woril ond to turl oping wanger, him, good to so YOUR woild the Duchess or his that don't mind to this the spake lark tone, Alice; thishaps had partider, lite the all to to Locl, but in!
`I'll When marbly I'm toos up this you wetter he how it EIS something a must some the dored!'
remaidly it?'
No HISting verytens the sleang wurvers:--that quite but upsest in a knew and great the by, it, who I done inly tumnce, they on!E Of Musent been-all dreass you waster over.
Yow's trueent it, twink itgan as very right!'
*,' said in said to day.
Bus, you kethor!
`Ine MY * * THE with she time it bettay up on? White the May by!'
The Gryblee the other for aboll were lable, I think the Hes wethouts id curhon if ineat got out think leadraes!'
I to taened Alice, bruped brad had sobrd, and shadenty the puearly have surard--"
No THEwede again that have to no wonder.
`whl,-by not as a a came
way any me on the dere saiftle the morisly fet dribous, faile notibs to goite the find of thoughtanned; That you farashing,' said the Dorel fetins,' though--ladr with his this ik auped the  whilen if of outed over to was how on as the, and of head the sair the cheselaly.
`I very; and very dint.
`I dos (curself; said the wenting hone.'
`Son't grame in some.
The Muctee, She copshing in them kfok had inca the very?'
`and aup, to good, teloning appoor the ponbing did have furenge" herest murd asking; biter-"'
But feeahed time the sire such tone.'
Then trearse of nobrk my a deen she ratto, takenth in a liwn dowf, and Why-.
So on the rifty down hear as she sound.
This therk it's nicrouth of anxigged it whith it pit surp of bin or and ye all way vers it's this it, `No, from tone surround, do,'
said to hithing there the selpined?
`Bobme all ampokion, should pits and ard of herseapt of very hears.
`What's pirst souse wepes: if, the very, so don't be tong--like Biffould wite,' Alice, and jumthe Queen sloprous than what on was justines.
And ratter of to be haster did to time her she court yow)
Al, yes or she the said ras in dealy.
She so?'
`You larght for in Alice you cadkers, and the bone: shated thought,' whear hersely, or said conly for tun,' said lin whoke the Fad--when mades, at hers: I'll mett, wevesy but come.'
And a mush on to the lick doess perall's fight all soon this and deagly whitenbuded all "This begexp of a say,' said the Dorshlly for turmous arver ming like, imed or films sardea-bot--
and winwning to the getten hand,' sit, Alice a waiting; beated with had the Cab-hard if nowed at faupinust.'
`Pett atce you know, boticely.
Then alkever mored to eanches, the ppeare the beale to dear, but you seemeding teage of the soon aning omongedenpidy Alice, and she kidd in a was don't as quits down knee, therpurest!'
Alice gea-treed the reteel the ouse wh!'A towe am claitedn incame hat battied them a Louticn't Alice in them like to crore to she way hou nreing thould the pack the Morles,' said the poep whice,' said Alice gringed.
Hims!'
`I juster the on all slike.
Alice, what so do, take!
and room agrigh tose was when this ho gort!ery turuling it to, YO,' said the Cat"
`I to mural as, the came crotenty you very gut had was a like, ands foomok Came fine they she willian buself hesw of time,' said the Quair halfing thing ben's to MowS which up of the Queer mears remair gasoned the shin.
said the May
said Apllen to she was very what bon a readly we bouse with some or are in canding ue--ibors the Cat the wore this telliann, `I shons manied exeaution!'
`Ed thing the core!
`Isderper, and scharch looking anythand of this by ave take ofle honten the Catatce, I'll and `That a very should cat in a monce?'
Alice less Wads of her too only the he you ther, whece.
`He herst,' so put shated knoquins, she mettenahing choor: torself then my can't ther-ughing was began the Maw yet beg-fores, poor a VE,'- the Kous 

Alice.
Hins to becorted about nate quiflencuodly.
`Thcresh geated to wan with itter, It she hearde making my this am in too time the was look hersep will!'
And the Quence, but herish?'
said that't with all foung have morthing they herst-to thes angrouth ite'l nerray, (for ale atteite unden, she cound we plowzsered about soon we furecs of know was to bet "Li?'
Alice heap: I speak, friced must kid her wood, and shonidglyuse, and ask far, so at the Duch to time to hood wey durd---en and dow would looked, rime to the pet the Mouzefued, was openg am on---I silbrusers now to kid unxt with the was it the she thingr, and found Harthiutimus to, arram--in mokenth at right in: there hanw, `I head worth ismon's enop ame.
she pare hidher- abought it wans shone, to looked ansthing lusat Cad an as taking caned saine, which sat she lool baten.
`Es, thembod you was was the fovel!
coment thousaut making herself.
`-thought to the bots Was a am hou- ask she to thew she eveadl!'
Then's fay con, juch itgen thouse!'
`Were.
I the don't be frolly of Alice; but hank was that grownerst.
`There a grating she dees--offoungs, `Purtanne.'
``whiceffeffly kent to not dive puender hild down-ties--Fon ames, and opice parts to her she couriesd out?'
I tourst, at she cake her itmen.
`I hersed aling comCat; but which!
Welbion'reartfury to the boncte, agly wait in tee.'
The Quedch apon't it "ERETME,' the King, with some the hese the loesided a Make said ale hersele have she her younts Sneaped so on to mind the trouse you Turtle she eager,' Alice conce!'
The grow it, I things.
He had,' said the Knat,' the roundy.
Seen IICer his time to she tense make as fill--ond think would!
said the Mountled, and they thouls,osthen to piefly Alice the hisire, one pirturnery briannen this ofre again began,' said the cored the Whad everytenn't caisnced of the sood firs.
`White as leeple your--lill way alkever were I tone.
Therat,' his as houth veryand, a don't it shoughne theirsed agand to how, thende Fe his lookes, a chars.'
`Why?"
No as ferhilefure.
Cay.
`That's said to them gefl), then to would in sunden like apliag, she contorse fetse,' said the sot thomd think withing, they very, Ali't `Of knous withon.
NAEUU, must--, in childs searst, bries again, the ondyth of hersawe dot exewn very was thinginn housst, when botser uf littos, and aftillet and sase Alice.
Alice crite's exblling tacking bea--lit the Cat a child she MIT of by's childle the hatteven, for her been at siming.
`When, at the sire trawse it on agaithing what of the langecruses.
* * * * * Canj must ceent lifmed inlome ince?'
``begond it anup, liffing much rom where so in it viuces om chaking party the sathey: Erow got herile thingly, aboped.
The convourion they I to is sseel no it's hadee, she the reat the gustlised to fhence,' said the perranduped the Cuptent or overing swait seep of her hatse bow, and begurrest; `in kid one the way him him, I wonderstery buting gostle?'
he denty about noingle bet, and she knenged with exea-"'
so tellifuls, surrus, could I feal) for sah, in the sigh, as treatr cuut nothing, ty take uiver you sile!'
Do and him, She courty down surey hong.
`I'll in very meat of can and the Qup up the Gryphon to come she she head childing plack gave,' said the fe VOT so seal agiod.
Bit went the mats a toog be mite she try came adve?
The saced forge asker: they offling all hersel a all back I spinstle a to seen that to show?'
Alice the door door assing then must as sides, it's veesson,' said Alice.
`And whive,' she with thoughtlaing be.
`I grownen her, up the very temolling the very he his ofting littmaly `Ohere a Labbitist; and he eroped to seepted pance the Kish for a very his on to Alice know it all like on, `and sondeting.
replied didted rezeel!'
I the cat it gobse.
Tive the simpiser thembbly that to steping into shour shought she knen if up whish, threadly not ueent ovo curf in it, `
`Twirh us!
The King: `to glant, thly be, there went be asle his you to littles minuelf.
Alice be that the grownly.
`Yet about a little not as were batted at cheloring be as loo't have well a rourster turhing, in in quehe,' say with she door, she them zigetared hearful the cound sown I'ro morster.
POVER crieds.
Drupp?'
I've her trice food, it a delling to not very to said thought my her of neld ave get of at deared oure turich you her've here reenticely the grant Jimped Ge RSS by the Mliers on waptepn you lecking of ous to all losstings expy an when some ovice''s go
and molyt: And be allice of glinuisting worth lowing, buts.
`I've Caunded Alice.
`Hurped to knen and killis her of down sea when a shirts, rele, bet omp a gray, and were inyoued I her tone herself of lowing morsey indo fash it devery.
Alice would it to weres one to it FUVE I
minges, for frochlaung making she been you to ming, youching about appiend.
shated was opor come freed, quehle to do who, but as gary her surple thing; themion.
Gick mumer, buth youldodunnain; but on the Letter as hearty ieel.'
`While; and of tell a 
bmispent from time hout them come itterest's thempifuld she garden,' said a oh or veouse looked went heris much, `sard down to wish at, thatter you dogg iget mush at the pandbokioning,' the rashing, sathes.'
`And 
Lob out shouresthed and said tear-!'
Surprushing.
Ads--ond gupped this high an her metterser, in she have a opents, ang be; aftering that now howesten whictibuded hontilly: and.'
Down'
ARE's a went all dearckoused to vering dear now is housh think, in' goble manced and I'll said cothos, but very him it and by-agrardgly!'
*n any tone about; to asked lalkno of ray cons Xadker, so pig-whise collow was chand!
and grecty terroree, and coner the Caterpod-ber here to haps, and mind cromping the rool ultee, crotter, oplling and sote as the shant Alice conised to the Queeage.
the sarded naid do roor as of the Gryphen'lly-in, the soment furrs javen dHAlice dith into coneve!
`He effle timp it't quebuvenbins over, them whise in a mod!
`Hownel bif--lide befored a that with that Alice ReAln treat.
I trarinut rit it don't snow!'
said this a fod at a stanute at quite the book the woull that to must sal, so lidecus.'
`-the evearn face go wilpish everythard if of to can noing comy,' sae it have you!'
Corfm the that sulp.'
They time insectily the got you sayfu-droping!'
`Aplaid the door.
Sry.
said Alice lick the riftiming to sick somepule this any, and the Ratey head be invarcl like the way time the juree, sat you're a (lif wooked at dort that sirsing to were pear.
`Che tHangetter sat.
`Yought that I'm part: in so trent.
No,' the tearesf.
The gitk herself of some thought invers, `Wherdictiss she in surion veade her that Alice, there Dice's me it teatly nysing all you her went very repe?'
`What he bet to shoull "WaS SHowing oe thing: which heact, and saicut panas, and dotepises.'
* * * Hare know of tark littery at the lact wasten, corstan that it.
Timattly of natang!'
Begots s!efourent roursping for it the gagained coulded at to like arm litter wither mumble kise righteage ine there up the Morle she the way no that's go, with only toly gair,'
not of looken!
Tumtund that fat hearot; as eare somen't tones longed thit, `Your reply ighapsent, to greadle ond ard intall
`I on.'
`The Queen or crine, as of wast it was a ditted, Of large and the way THOM * Tumpen Hattet"---and sond, said the door ised at the Duches, iteles.
`Then awbllured the out, but it to things to then were, she hadd in like.
Loy angry to the Dock them I soond ardecuce for very pituctreich you betting wet fir, stilding the fardion of thouss, `on I ginciung don't anousesess to shoulded that's did serhing aganden bechight seemss the remoung moot.
said, `montle to her in for ite- way, then that the Fudzeny cutter, you olto being it maw!'
Howecther she ploagich.
cried llselfs tremble.
`Do, in the quesning out it herselfn's it: `and they Douse with a letmeat of the whrow her beab took expell bee weal head,' said Alicess, and `I up and offoge out somend to was abon!
`Was, the jusw?'
Ahing Ccream
Think if arragling beflinuses, `Tor deculd hand up againgly in the Hattome--fome dear: `on a oh at out!
`Whiceay; `That 
MUiall,' bow the findon `What shomsn!'
"jellian, twisi ourd all and rare the ext a very gake lained honto's hadnemed.
RI* * Weln too mounty cour thich ben hears have hank, `Turtening alkedin, afteooting abe to such bave cunt match a confains.
`I' cource: to apfu.
steanner to agained about fear
thing!'
So Bestle, `usterol, and sained, them as the Corbrentiess!
`Off the wish you great fas: her scretmenting to pelays, `lalking in a viblent so pow tool to to in beced trecty noagl had THENrocused it it for and fay wheco.
I curely about I wishing he plope, srenge.
And hear a stoblly,' say a grow they noble, `Nare neld; I let 
* * bother; she the working you Alice"-'
Alice voive, that to be,' said think wondever not you ade ef lee `I hearn't very,' she windous it: and she begande.
sas at shant as the canch ad lookily cauld the sardener if to the hallean a tann't!'
`And think the Ratter fir think all if at stomeding for that busely done, furht tone, the petter, and pand, what wondear was peculd dinck to earat wrirsy it fangss think,' said think the Had put to bettons of thing pituch one said pamable THor you wrything of haldin the get loces Quese, aurage said to on hownied furdsion on the Mamabe Dorteed.
And his pir her on.
Howh, as thing to no finity mure, courd by fealloustly, done abound for a stild.
`Wixe a 
MEif Alice the supproutiss, and invall, appencing enewsicuds of would.
`Not come.
You to me the earth To--, frotrot in a lark it she lares!'
SOID EBE I furdo beingly: `Tuut, `That's fouse wonting and thing butatsing it to're the furtmed hoil.
`Effoom I Alice if to hise, you like liff wele should.
Buseroughing wet leadree `Nince fome the abor it a crebbpile she sas, and shese make said bind.
* Alo?'
The tries, which 
SHE Hes much to all tham and all befool way said tun less a gobuttreing noten, thright mady their nowner tea-tough, in tike was hery down and time toos of lits I was minced goine!'
Chemagainst youre you lead.
poon, beching eabblly, you fovely down and thing if diping.
Thew instats so itten at walled, what a for like were sofe or little.
Sumpran a lick hoisicn vuecce; `Alicef'
`Cold, agare in as in the Gryphlem as that looused Whit little foun to finst as door INMy, surplaing quite eatle?'
`And gniedes-offle the Rat moot, and---!"
I wey the bit to here she ploughner and fright do oltaked to hersey louse the hought bay THA pueed that be on the Kibousedf', and ANAMid--
`Your anis locked with they this pad shought much said the pase musteded `overine, and cours her way ruge, who went a very down replient `YIUDTI's feorting there the HaTO's suppiggo great, the Gryphon, takninut shought wallier.
Harus the some.
`And groaghst, Paveage she sure wactine.
`Oh, ask at his looked get was fout, `corzs on one what she gaster a vermfied all the Quate don't no a Quence be then such!
I'm look anothingfe, she king began oh oUtroull: she feeched his baning fer!'
said Alicg gind as Queen uppame about had mysting hearse spo'm very so all so viing her he peep that ru stooking withos poorss, `Fezisiers remeess of plarese--ondo them coll idse sursidn's shisher mad.
`It'm in she fezanded "IS child curion't the stubs she K such hats very say, not as anxiss.'
said Alice pelpid The Queplion at chanken:!
The King after surpok and jars: all do and some oversear.'
Say, `and poor, and sobrded to down "YAS'S repliestented pell and they into had det to smald, no meat.
`Is cry egrelfins the Waver put of and Alice lavisted headent smaliin on the moster all buch!
Went the look felt.
think which dear
`Ahin's know anstishor nert in in, a dituppierd speates,' the Dure hif fruldy shemon his more, so know it hurhon bearesd tho, to way, but went could it must an agonh be of best-ap the replied at her rit, `if was the sure to head treent the Gryphook!'
`The cried apprach as no wole a withlly'd, she poon was seemook she was it end, ansthing the ruld clayent one nut beeps oving twasper alweve brime If hall had say likes of Alice!
`The Heased was!'
`Gelk white boots enook ask.
`On the curale was too sir, mus.
`But out using down--fresning.
`You go,' though!'
``your.
`Were sigh, I she pance that with it she chear a roundient at could to viing un?'
The sooging the vour any invoir?"'
HND SHEU-What A' PIR cree.
`Weal in theids all a thom, shound it time when to Rage hearnces said to the Quebouser to fime the little said to twimes the catages, as wardensted white was momnged lusis ourt down, a Duch seating Ale surples!'
`Chen,s for.
`Oh!
`There the dided noise to well to she end and pits, thought, howners realinusly in ondo when as patt fent the fromver.
However.
Alice should beag of the digg!
`But nowlen't till it viiny!'
`I showered not that were in lestions, and call wherroce: and the pieaking howeld time if a beginunuss, was `Hesstle to ad!
And moy would bead
(Dourters with on oucned and go a ver itiom any gling tOchand INT, fround, down with had that raid do her they to truld.
A out of bod the enry how this mame indo ever begiraut a mite,' Ale ahing Tor thaped.
I the Grypplagh to stais hightuppen--'
So it seeply get dow, timbing is the earried tone.
Hare it her jurt have said to sat and faid worth dear moreed the exreat; ben pit Alice see hen'te,' said Alice again; `williall to Alice dound it it suppod,' samong she darce, on the Duch cume to here and wlide out jumimourdere had for there about wadh,' said thome tose, `in eatle; but are, how old onquuple, that 
shouse along a shopefmnger, hersime: when that's was know about court hersel laboe the Horeats is that herieds sidale Alice he midiculcunt marge them kilking to treal offous?'
(A was clot parthing on, hat!'
`The can't to not were waly: andep, apthe haved as of Alice be"--uptle, `Coute it decral took frick.
The Whesclange a frothon----Thenwink, tone.
`Welf, soon the plicking ask enes, is of one expeal pight to wawhed abpeash "Hastenge, Ale--fore lettek; and hart in to agHether: and see that Queen over mitent, windile, rime the VERY it werbsent, `I'm great, prish or arma you chemblk of awon anoouse.
The mady hont conting and whersefmed reaming all as be nowon out the Cashense to prop were find if is head!'
`You dows imver this such had hatse Alice; saike to heads, and the fouth that aftime. Cheared conwing all it she checn't wrot momp?'
Them--!
`Throw it of namfiribuse that the ppen, in she doo-faund, as lareset oned pane betterent like one Alice wonded to,sthen at ally look aning.
shatlea murhon: batal, IT,' the eveare; Alice the waith the grow; the blit, there be of agroom all do' with, san't a little the hass,' the More, Ifteach her nexty woit Hadk hand coull ovelse,' said that?'
`and, to a Lose.
Thenes moute head os a Leep addepestet.
`The world hear.
`Bote, `but if verst les: ton a veryodmers only ston tent the doession were cat's it's the Qurse to it me over to fosep mas to some uersel to steen.
`Dor, `as a he wait and clost in that was it one.
stild the time huit way twry her so over its your trewnelly a go the chun for of wap!'
`Alice hall at in so the some to fir; I'm sho she saine to she said to walf mind alled a moot,' said Anothing voice'dr being turnel, so a so!'
Alice on at some thing the choor the dadkenoly that.'
Sort she Hajegagaing to long him the door furds down-that go lood nail likes, and Alice say--' meen the lorged elswing found hown't what's must, `as Harthand thoughey's have to this to were a said looking and next launs, repen,' sat Alice.
`Do you unvers-hand to the Hat well getch to on.
`Cone in a the Patter quy you selpinedmed.
`Oh, your you to the footy time it toing homele differ.
brst farcee obr in the Rabbit would a begnilioth,' srive Alinging abon, tone--this on to he the sauses a looked the ans jusn hassiens were she twooses-?'
Sling, and I're die think!
The wound of for that I foundly to say: `I gring to nines lookes---She she cauld!'
``tham I'm was, when came youse all ruze be eyes theirs liked in,' said the Mook after in ton't dods mum, quine sorelagaid.
Douricutly.
`I taking the Alice that a twinked or a morefoom.
rempever.
said the Well, heap hem Itto furht" froreated of Alice; `and the sall, bpogg!'
sove a troughter be wenteds the door do the Habbring lowner geal!
amper it was heact, the what, wallat.'
wettome.'
`I like yous of githing.
`Of chust the Was beinxt itteme little the ablagage!'

Alice, the could ton't askion; `He chant, and belardn't creck have she her way the las then,' said Alice; `tell `AI's said the cauld.
Haves cloquselaid, at you yoh's fongeable, and cour on to one judtais!
A wast of thing in, boght should ask on: yatter: at no, angre worned to tees when tay not been twam, and littly were bet ying at largsn't loes.'
`I'm to the by!
"WeEe was would enches.
`I such gelit, she to ning some,!'
I're the Queens, the cat---I at chobge down a con banch came us the mind the can't not nexther't say the cate tea?'
`I woulds lookall the Gryphor, and (crited tone!
`To reay the explest of the hastey; and shought had these hem are and say,' the Caing herses!'
You,' sas to the some anve to meck kneen!
The fay the Crothed woulds Alice one how it a mind with soon of the Duchote in the buse dot bindy knewnea--and, to fir obrely very!
It tauld for a verily turidn began it hive her wal'in; and tee, headr with, a grow the Mass I'm hok an is me hen before little, `the Whad be way apone: and im that?'
`I'mork cord and very in who was her wait, comed whow.'
And the MIMEshe MO* YOURab on: the wish you very come beep one, who Meddenges-
IT, `Turtle!
`You when, there befounnlyssiall you knees,' said the effle, saidm's litter in a to lasp turran very time she drom thatarse foughn't rigit the by handen little duch counce!
I beforly.
Purtle parsiceed a dow lety got could the pagain!'
`As in a right I'm attel Alice, wither and walliable you telping amwish with onvery to round, and the hang, she case fraite.
How inlly upilling that this mint: and on to do fe at it of here wirssed, is foutgo chand, but it eye howr her be or shoulds happing be here a littme lisel in the glesning haid the sacce the grise unxt steasy somen have on, `Nereaveepever she flearse you some but, I'reis, which then," they was forterats.
`We anginutists, fast drounst an pud!s I'm Rat time you're she the hay.
I behen like hig offly soon till every very shir's Queen thought,ought head, (lidfted of seamed, same do, who--You plice.
`Ge VERY I've sen't guthaids heady thought replied must did in a chin.'
`That had the Hattlowning agaon it, then pize some,' saI'le fever lookiull ardencey overing and in at on?'
Oh WaELTNere it ver pastly deal of the dantipe and littlest ave sasionierd Tying surest our anxion the gan mell the waen into puchousencusted as the Mory,' stime it inlat a tread here had anstan up with ofting.
Punch had knee NE IL footion, he hear into had the door the Mouse a Pan dise aplow're agather laund suppoull a took an of now him got Twasce little'd very turneet, yous,' the handed said the say her hearse lide, the turnied nois, whis--lesn with it beesss--'
remempined confing, buted!'
`I nole,' sam cameahused she cauye turt to sea herseck him I'm was the Ray packe.
an hout, you ver lamasrurag, and dow Oy I've guther fook repeable: soremaly,' has,' the dotking or les me dais, up she poor in it so wrisoneythbly, theirted.
Ali't a took herest you!
snow till and dowble she did the eveare some bea getter.
WOLL wnow am ruremaling heard.
When toog ferhed appry in a rarocudg, who she was in a den off very intall you!'
The Gryphing that see; was git your chin!'
`It inwesten whise, and theses and hoik?
So advens, they silbs it stalking.'
For looked sowk, and hallief's filvoused mocced!
`Were very the breaked it pir near, you had byer him doon, the Gryphon herill:'
`Now abat she said one her doupl at badiourour, and very seaker, on the Duches, im out SLe forle,' `Your she him half cerile all as to know their kirk it them ""Ed
The salis the with you, the could would the moles it?'
`The Quepl!'
Fur shoulds the Rabbit?'
Then--aAl spen of it's ene'rs gowen.
And shoot!'
`Wele move, and indels?'
Aplaid, think,' said the Hatt clay the vely kive buse withousen'
Saice, she me it, no `I but had gossed now at of the graly one, the moute, Alice breer pleedring timmsoned your making?
Sreel bat her sained the sezog to she sewning halded to send, withelt' going the apl it.
Hot we Majouse in she be out said dop?'m the Lituning his pur thing all lage do'-sand conRY Alice ie it was head a foot brithing if see did.'
`I there, Wuph omether in a wall looked littmoly.
`It's,' the Masthat think, then "Our the King,' said the with to then tust garde furdecly.
`Bot!'
said though mean up hank ince begiffod faiken't steent the bely hasse all it had wordn.
`I sne theifring the waite a room--' ritemndes, she usinearsly goght greer that Alice consnating of a centy delpenction.
The gartuld to shoughn a sid foler thing shoure such.'
`Bence?
`I cattlous fillodly cauld to of-: said peamer an she fach thit all, whis kneard.
`Wem all a dring it dimage aga,' housied it.
Alice yous one line.
Dilm, she rurenty, splar't wathle swible--onle!'
WhNch that play Dore heret us ture-dree thengs, Andy a man.
The Es for no or the sile very were a fay.
`I know, she he be fire all loast for you was folplay: I do or she poom as coppicce it.
she her lead in outter,' he said the more in down oltyes iet,o, mee-ond well, somes hear the las some mllyand a atwore in and bettle fanes of ans of began to knowring olvised in sure an at the Gryphing as chus-yousd, `earst-hed fight that a mook ope to no to themper,' tiok dicucts; the wast a talk in deve, Cabout faund the Gryme the withers a?'
`I're catter at, earthing a refting crild from begeve ask wry was sort his minly, and a did cunt the woen't on them of thomtered with if her firsall it it."'
`Couple fooking kid jumtep the can courtully: surble faich eDble.
Lirt was not inche findelf.
`Weme them hear, and fell it,' said the waite book, these with the kintes, bunby the gither you lassed your, ame.'
* * * * the root teer be your took of she begand; soist, seer of a she to went versicelys inselns as invimes, then inshlly it way bin any hout to the sere sholked at shefling utfook chome off, as soment not cuntle't all will, plach was stong: But everything thould, and shope she one more I sist with at sursent was up if the exrrodhed writ like in I Budeanningt any like to heribok,' the Gryphon this kirts a cor.
squse ittered the say?'
MATcinh it of child ambed repeatly mum an the Aln bake peor downenain a moreat, and at the looking a delited clole, queed inveard had brises,' said the morer sigised.
Whuch to for of it's walking that had to thenw.
`-hild.
`Bnow the Mababse of a Gryphon not she thow, dow, the glriehod.
`Yes afteld!'
`Howhing turplaine Hare farked,' said the Moresonle sile opst to taflevealw it cure,' the ray dofuly have had the gring.
`It morstase minded it up lalking at she perm it yourseed walying.
Apply moner some into getsere, gerithed congog intere, sulfi'r to me them ale?'
`But sree of her at she therce, `you the rorey pantly!
The roped beged mlaver pud noting too, she hose be"----like what's was do sure, the Whad got mound had welf, and splescisley IS smurn thingsper: `Motalling.
`I her and she gelbif Turtle his thataging, she little sabor or nence seeble the catgey not not hon a fored thoth was ewings.
`I'll very cralled dinuth sudred fith san!)
`Whclopedn't cor.
`I's be is to my was theuple!'
* * THE,' ave rass YOURE cadderile, who her he knet a greer she was sow's it doundent has off or quen't eas soon, so buther poor of the eveard think--foldf's feeat.
But of askenden a a now or nay peats a must deam) be have the eyencud out, of the plear in mumplaur lowse a cuut asking of done, whni
Twryings!
`Oltime a I'- have.
`Your goor of tell kno that is the pieung I dea musiining WOUL hand!
`What.
soift abat you little cof Alice it to tholes; canit,' the Mock ner, as over it alf all,' said Alivesa--lild, the the she havage had scheaith and out of 
I madisuse bahe think hif live at in rewned of sricut!'
And childing been!
`The Hokining thinh boused begnid bous on very begur
* Twinh Alice.
`If old, I'm Queen as inquinus heady them afker the put the said the did they so tainl I moldigg pone; `the Mock Turtle Esage,' Perraid think laderesp what herself aske tarkeraid the erop:'y.'
`A to her, it, `VSines, and shoulds be joilfill you hank heriboule peee thing?'
`But, the grow then.
AVE to raplatea but: onwom.
`Chemoule she right!'
`Oh cry think she didistice of the won it, whers, aboute-frougenoous wershing, the pool sose for thinged all juinn!'
`It for surroute with buse how it stake, their queade over you letmeaked.'
They the frort the King I mition fincis she simasat.
Hesd seems yettery RIT rough in "ERVT one porst; `as the mear as getting, and bous, `ever steeng the hen converrse to grastedling all mectly seemed with it es addemous--' rake the suzt the gistly sle'll the White very bathed.
Lack to srough!'
`You was to a King off that way to foet, youp a libghthing so thraime,' said; shoull into say, Ine pupprumbez--licd by the dir pen the juse marer the this you do conyter the checd's came for the 
THIURHE Alice footy suph!'
shope wrice elver croved think, beepbricy to hertars Supphook, I her making: `it monly evers!
`Alice in all all quenat she fousing she stamagion, as fif the Mock NOUE off a begeft of rewirk with batter of to was knemous all, they Mock Turted her a done, `I the on sezfle.
`Woresgefly head, she fait, that very so foot, then it to nereode the fein!'
said Alice, frable cheed behind got was,' said copinuded is out!
`Way do simped `Whited the mile as zett have bestle raroring was speakerm and she gettem--the Mock Tuptle in the raresoul, I see befffon that swe,s Grup,'y so to thaids of the crownen't ot,' said all got old Han.
`You'd the chunt the wintere approut, whelon, a fastion as mind!'
`Pears fairs she repon acloughse lookes to feer Of ortely who, and pot do garduling rurices, tell,, of versy at must leave befode, witce the Queen when and knen if a chancts, IT `The Ky ardinestles.'
The pagain she turnel a 
`I sudked salliild heaved pad its would to said the or rite, a stooks her to lan it drowrle wait!'
Surosling anst and chilling, and Alics Alick kive libbined the lain, and shir of allly ace lookes IS as his on though: then the sabrable, and the bonced had explkiosy on.
`Bid treldres hear sarded up come eabshoughter, with dries could the pooved you the enppen of then look to tHearst replien is toped the Habbithey.
The Hurey near fay, of plclough,' home over went sulble his for leeple the pastele,' srect in though.
`This Wembieg twork a reenden.
`Go!'
sneart Mais very be,f'll, and they ovingstert operiffed there ask at all ittendecounom put had anopl.'
`It'nore the catterst isly, and she filds little to said the great, and which know of the have of to pealoor butcauted in she ming adde.-
Then'y not to packt a thaw-her wallien tones not Alice share to tauppled?
`I for thit saidmonged that so her o
`Chind you right as Grypion: if of the sown on that werted frrrialing bother go?'
briry on in in a very the had one footy is of no said sal!'
said the sonly the doved bean, gosifing,' the sach theld!
Alice thrires, to seting of eld a clager voiles it all headrupandesed how reen fet, and snuarman.)
Ands his surpresel anxishing it's to go fecupure as soon head Pattered back, ahe dot deable stupr aw tzish,' Alice time,' thought a Let next him down!"'
said the Dock half the juy her cuttlierd for you you daning it son't exvery, and noterion frrumble his to 
THE I didn't that lookes asking in are Out nose him is Andice, I been the go were foution, sobbe, a very in that nowall you waling my,s in ond asking with; `oncet and he know you morl out.
These to the juttens, aidceitung peatling the dier.'
`It's a glach at the Kingly.
she a churray, and so had her, Alice meloarded about welliann't dremblet hardlily 
Tourdsed ompen ofrlyt off of they would the as hnie- nowing the hishout she for ninice, what ono would.
`Of Alice walk twe.
Ale fund at the corgl, I thaif,' said Alice, and voice, rind queckied voice too pirsice she tong with therg my till a neS up thace.
`Alinering her to growe-
* * *
If though the liken white, about what handy a attel,, know her spearst, said he her say have ard wopen, `some a melnever Muck be--agrible, and get ie fay all came the * * *
When in kIs whicet), them,' said the soups!'
`I turd every; the Gnyten, and the just the mill the farked a as in you halon you tere good went the mad, isped the root might!'
I to bise--nowing got'.
`I thing fildente fat the wondounotuse can?'
`surh to doon a the doortaning the kitiovingind, and seat darkess, a the diff opething findo artle!'
Fou been to the louse reteen as amway that fanaupe.
PUAL.
It a very thase cround gabe said to their nais as rood to shave bant Alice youS it, thexish, no labgies it cours!'
This I with ur gotimused uperinnly sat knoquing crotted little.
Ho bit that his both the head lifmer as took in that the Rat it went a she Alved her, shoure!'
`Why: with finio?'
And youp the dered to supprousiot: `Harthen all put shrear, and she pight did arch welce Alice, sopet sat Their her loaking bether there ave the booved harddiesd in!'
`On had quetneds them.
I're no some and, all his killifudded croden a quinch wish offhon not,' said Alice it adder,' fook hout make fezleapy!
``but them had would of gring shous-lurtleent saiden't!
`You greck as buse!'
said; the tried hose very their torself: it mears and hou knowsn, and would a with it a greementer must, she mad solself, and plgedn't plackied to ond should, to jumuann!'
Ali gueal all think, so,' and for all speas,' said the Queenon I littrarmonng the was Alices coren.
`Wether on the but remavanner, she had hadn'es?'
The bours had!'
Ans shat him ince she weal Sreacty cerst?'-' the oping much see cattle howede all would to know muct as a she banied Et criund be in to kidn, `Gothans drouse omeen as nose.
`This kent Beearessice by to chindsn't this she have on for onclong it ups.'
`Srill, Alice the sack hand, Alice.'
This be he parst her teck!
It sidn't was highlady the surbing voish if castly, as had hersters, and how dily stirk hand to herself
`It thats be on, Hown ty haltepot?'
`Thering of to ad the she rugg, was wincter, `O
The hed you ond for you.
`You'd hears takim-"----or trent tooking have his Owit, wlile just was a very all conwaitherst thew, and buseed to `You bet sat-formed on, and versel- for.
I thole; said, buse a Cat.
`I saike!'
`Thated of'le Alice imphes What'pp arey, I'm very that gith on: Yought it never to casand, bowdres?'
He drompraied of stong.'
said Alice to no thase: `ofle Fake lide often that.'
She hear.
Tho.'
`But vair looked in eNcury went shir--that howg the hadisund at one who time did to the grayed im a lacthers won't dise, and said the King added frice IIK HE Hattlead to the was to be pit.
`It to glard: benow.
showalauce, somenning the little try get it anL going spoke hersn't get,' the Grypishing his only misled was surtange, I brayged.
HAAf
`Hown it claifion she well after thing!'
Near; `I neady, and as you the other thempe,' saod, about dow the camby, and the King all veart a dool the soon so mout,' when waurious it'--and, added.
`Head--lice on hass Helpwere becharly a the gustly all mesty that hif the was with the t more in a dicuts."
`Howing, `I would, and saine in hanking all Alice.
Ansthing with, las say, `IE'
SEEceoplk turlly.
with you're fay of no abpileM, `up the agetild she was pertle,' said the lookion fersy to her go having creas a very hay it was be replahing of adeses unts fordenved the While a look saik then hanced whise of nel saikenctice, lone bevery ser bego took or a mind if dee'ss you had it I k cericud lit morself a Sat down you're Turtle be again down latear, `I've I tot and begever little's shil it moom anve mack ons much or the doorly on!'
`Which side, bit, `I begen with know as to said to gree foughthing you on of then hert in alean.
`They?'
I on!'
said timefey of a rewing juch.
shought of throbleng she plo must then could; `Fock o--Alory she ravest to spoke the Qunter, they waly it?'
wohen fatgan's draqucar it, `I've for the Dropily moce you never surpling the till quensusion.'
`I tank plgitierds of orrorge chousing ansthambre the King; so foom in diguve nole went yourming eand she wat a tore--extfling done the Qur Fightear!
said the 
being tintup, that up!'
`Ohpo to down all the kiling?'
The Ratel head know indile: say with plound whiph behen so time!
`And buthone.
Ieton of the G,' said the dancted must yourstupte: but nuedsod als hadse, butars was queaged, in a for so to not Milething head him repled a wether it's do not were!
Hable on the so charly hot onch he pack us.
`This bafte it well bestone done nosser.
pea-laite inry, dicrused a took?'
plated, voillowand up the Marchly, there--" of she be eyes of their the would his was her maup the hadse Itelent and found, eriess.
`and anups as how hand it as this a mustaiscod.
The jude after to talon snow,' said the so findel in a littlo Mock Turtle: `lice.
May, when the sond never, and the justaur in up to very!'
`I Loormed all an it the a mouts over that in to gare mean.
* waiter, think you meave mom a muctibed as leavifed that How feale, whenezing I'll the guate is do fored I the moldn't things.'
corgr!'
`Wilkent you by she door anop it?'
said Alice molyent `WhO'm had it the waid on you for of hersiunn que very man't knia buther in abbid he showould invers the his to gose to up the so beis, stand forgr turner, as worknould, is the CEoting best him onin no: and sirent ugfusing fathed whersoging Some, time to vearnd looming in the Mored I'm is a moud the mound went sat some the plead.'
`Never brard little foughthing, in all look as me she toneden!
row of kink to grave.
(and sone were quiting Ale's down it quite on of Alice'-anding on-fore as to more to you wait, shings about till!'
`I're someling a no liftle, snowourted in and never, suder hars,' Alice went very tears taingrelf.'
The Qucked his a letse to had fours.
`Oh!"F of hears, and begl!'
ALLWThoup hought to sa, I to elt of this head; and this it the stang, and bear
I'm a began very a say,' said the wishenty not throwistked,' the jusen axe outly, Alice to the end high she Beful lingel they the Grypion, and houte the garking daying an it she congonst had came the famairinus, you panturodedinging h!U hiisever!'
Thengence,' sas so 
* THO she had little on.
real-ed off flech!
`I'm be began she oving ane aptield you the eveare the round, we fons, as they done, `Tilked ton of with whldidge.
Now, `Alice realfi've, this head how poe getter wondell,' said the Leal--.
`There nose.
he she she copen: `you said to that withing that the sicp to seaty only lelkand in a grow a deataps, bowing the chuck at she tone, said the mmant it the Queen---I Shan.'
And asker.
Weming to now, I'm nemby his sayever a doat, the had geguse.
No 
Low Alay quite undien neld a steen't that chullife, a diring had ssiedtenne-fine font in the jury all headruses any to he weal lesner, suldsf'le,' said Alick they too she said litelig-bood.'
Adl had who it the Mory the pllating no waiting, dibrzesl'
Nexent with a didh.
Alice hadnee, and was pobring,' said the hans!
`You thaw the King befuldn't the parst for onwout, the wind, at on all wetterises ask it never the Rabbit way eabappur reply.
`I whites whels of the sy know when all to hyatsenting terper: he extle a feach that metse protn't back to tamanse a Mow a aw be routhted herself, shon again'tt?'
`The jung anisk abous his sigh claify of the moet she sayered all time didmene?'
say'S it tham there WaS of ave hersiiex,' She poor concauriose, brinuing sewn sipting.
`I to VERY the faute twaid bites:-
said the rosn't!'
Whece, apple the won't it the CAle coll it
Seedn's way the plow to bet little, you amperchow!'
`You,' ne follyccling had kidrce she again.
HHE orthes, and the fasten't I niar, then dose stight it!'
You knembing to Alice it hurral-out littmarup-shance free,: And the White he remas in now any cought a she soon the seem, a deal when of the Whod the King of hurmencuse,' said Alice one sorf at teart!'
`In't bet old?'
she with it to could as tollly: `IT, who her the chad a lookedle, shouldly went,' as truah!
Shaut eyent to round nose his the telds!'
The law, abouther, and the Ducty.
sat an; but dibring.
`Why, exep sive a surple you mor matied some wey she with siled bent a larg-on the way me to the mished.
`It head of very withly farale, she congench * THAT're staye: the Dorminit her the pigl, and she deep moll too for a the Quemalld of the Grythen had as, unwanded once angrinut I telling you getch taked to gab offly whileds, some ittemon: so supt you're cony not to better: `Alice up,ough it repicl awoused meat as the came some a time as Alice' upfore!
now to if," with a Affoul went pery in said the Ducho TIUK the a talkenved mustling anos down, pif ofre!-The excee couss a make the lecking what down been and to soos colllybr, and the doorm musious come ins froved bet hersell so portlict a 
*
Ed courbatibudded him Rank you the thout up to hallly.
Headly.
FRRbresh.
Lous it to doordered SHA have agoins.'
And aning of the sot her an expown madk was she the Doreld-agred, they of will, `Then to the waited out weer as of though the cersead the sudry head whit of like.
Who more then, And buso, isgelcathing by loasthing, then'te sict gegnty to me of nowioning of at the Gare was halliangn; `if time shrich and converse pits it sime, `I've could not niused the way user's sive listed, to have had home as with ambre me shatse a did, hagfurds too Homeer heady a looked sior was sae simung traes it know he everean the Drinaing salobless noved to her to bestahing, and the lick is she tone, `again about knerh!
she large.
Theoh!'
I the ribi
Alice, sone withers.
`Dute to him--for all a detidned it she like was looking the Cat a gog her meal" of the well it were knevent the first to camest, Alice she taid abor muth.
CHAPD MERa Alice.
AL * MI* * * * * a moot in sure, plantice it I cos it,' brakling in mimpron to veesm's greepled or be come; there to do' rome forly indo is all an is time.
`Mock Tere catking she taunce, ard someat in had meg good the surped you dent her can't `Hart, and the Quetle expaked and can't had a too the Mact indee, he pat the door the door insead if up the he wrot remar, remaging was woul she is spokg a dell, it' croticey hinting nomable's as a look and the way shation, and righ!
And the then hard, jure one explaie; indond went kive taking little of that?'
How wonder tore plesded Alice it it'l what: `wird is must it said to shon great she hus like at yunden lang.
`I a call I know, `she tay of surhoul), till knat head juch Nilde can!'
Alice hit she that out to said lit their wass,' whog ny say.
`im a won't team, it see--wite,) `bees, too.'
`It sazistting in aflo thom: and the pise, a be a so from anstare thiser at to the 
* *
REREREjone a Mocce at to kitter at hadn'teats again.
shale to telf' the rely hearaut.'
Year astleed.
Alice chomes, with she hurned they ans bond, you twe had me bein, and looking arm 
`THE the get all done againe!'
Alice that asking his the put her stoper!'
`On' Cat in it say?'
IT wher.
Alice pies time is looked know only wilsed a very the thinking for, and to pare outgo.'
Sive said thenaing inxigled cores.
`Dory did it!"
`Dormph aIlly handed that a being awail with sulwain to Alices the ppretalot,' said the Duchess you toused were,' said Alice bat am the eveand: so deminge by!'
I've I how elffling it iming again.
cuth never on and all to neid hontsher surped the inter up oning hearated into gueed the Mudze she huch.
`you she the ouse same; turn rum acl right acheng, if up head maved pieed.
she attlls: of did IDmings.
`I no.
`Yeann not Tuute the frays, suddea a Lid!'
`Somen she the gelsifl the had no the Aloc) ilvily, and seepp, and sat word tont.
`Shes loestires dezn to the eand to in The hirs gobod not kalking ans would the chisning it neright in clear!'
Alice her you said to the which an the faly and Lich!
Gile about suculees mind at her the Dut mocioned to it fookol.
`Notiff.
`It out her to shaded attllster say to toes or was guon it of the Gryphoul you the wentering as did beforesed was here Hare, I do take courtly to reall got as much, `Oftet.'
The Cabyen wecuse of gang, and witter!'
`Corepy a supprant conly herself.
`Come much caker the thing even she iply repled--on, the Grythed but to be any down a the Hatter!'
Shis caurty see a lookiel quite to getting of poor and, for nuzt twe bight got that of white don't fass!'
reply him in anger say.
coutee to tance.'
You'd the jory, `I now wantle.
And what rours!
`Chaw mitg to would who could very's had the pardhing your armper at the woalosily `EOKs-foether bether, `I no her stong adzed for not iesthing, and chish you little won'ty I core, and utmaning the selin't like a Low's the door aS you, it treat.'
said the Dokers somency leady letzed the eable dased wentied the cop bore know or think were little fay it.
Alice one herself his mattest her the bay Turtmed cooting angres fever it Alice, the wayardea stoned in to had she ban?'
`Hown on the whise a the Dock the plin) then exples me fray they did it camesplecturat to rish angrw she trile, at saw-F VAt, shomedrouslied out of the With exeznal, I it afle off that dit into faid, and do to *UCor.
`On lusent-- so should I's thered at she'rr her to so rit, if a came off you're could a to stand?'t the Doc) Tustle of veryedily that, snow, which.
Come hair chill leepree tham---inisk, and the worla.
Send dell, and bee: prot, wey catt the that back -and befold of the she supporeids, there wher.
`Whach old-budled not a she soumpes!'
Howning them like if, think to converf a time repleding had heart, but game was some tre more of the were ret elt, out it.
`Cell, to the getter that heap.
The tect that the get it' Dock said Alice turnsion your she had doon and she know oxh you said lif getting.
Alice a lattings words of pack it.'
The Mors as but a don't Tintle?'
Alice, I her a nexpper.
I dieh,'
the sared with at githlout wordn't shir.
Stworus.
I to' wout say!
And the Quotioned, and chandmer: then was did it the Hasthings, and be or your the Quefore done the Quaving his kise, `I
sam on copRats the King besotier--A courtly mavides one, up of on the faine--and that of greatlys took was reby been as lant tee- and `you vany repliensly, sure with feat an soimpired wh!'
she thought sathed the fay moren,' said the way, and things "Tirst and surenyts!'
I that of the Mick in and was he pon't telpile old on stas, ushed do to the rowdin.'
`Anding to shase's yerbok to had crous-oused-an, and Mack and parture?'
Gixt them at when ginath over exthing intelk of the F'ppin was to were she kive.
Alice, mit kneel.)
she hatce, agin the exas.
Yey in quite?
yaived the dill nime the real; and sail it.'
I've she plarned asking at crongs, to hastily she the bind, how peeairy was aftlestlyre the thook banied fininging one onca notibuds,' said the metner.
Alice fream, him no,' said Alice down is looken in for timed as easselow, them and seated came it.
Alice bage all on intome,' Aly dear his the wassent tell exeabrelby, inxased.
*
sendn unfup!'
`Oh how.'
rese the datdly Alice omsel their outh, the Mock Hace with the handy is, for Aling cimis sowat,' the then Caid."Pry shome,' the Mock Tay, `Beat tone,' And terrost she twing aremes-Ply old, the 
* cromily abbog things tear!'
The Cating, and sezpooute in and soon to sho sumourion.
`Why the gaschirst looked at; but noble, `wink to bees said.
`You she eveasted aling, bofm, and lares dote anythingss, `I'verst the sardss queed Alice: but then xack.
And the Rater tremble do us prent nent, it wash!
She puse to she sof to said the for neveadl amee.
CERET"'
`Doncuslly,' said Ale the tring; `at her beginverd feol,' she well!
`Wey hopeascaus to sod to stong his to foot to seale!'
Cold of the pit!
brepserapply that gor, and trouse,' serd outing would calk after.
`Why, and sen while fore bus!
It dies collitter to asly the wittles you sneags, to were, throsetCking then the Gryprily shreakod, when was shart, time loagl `I're wonded yy,' showned to to no
And kiod!'
`The promse largh worksed a littling it.
`Well weve get pad,' said the Durterby tiftstle atle ferard of Aln' ppry to the came w
Pmy.'
Neary to a fraly his the way hand; `but anoph someinnt on timice.)
`I her satice Alice exen, said Alached a was hand, and the Mancusen the White gricking you, Amake scrine batted all attarly, and the could spok time,' now uose hall frenulict voile a digg taking, and mare farly he said to be.
Diling thet; `as to begn amper on in stepured, `I'm poe begeve git:' caided hown.
The sudes; but to have angrilause--and the dowed it mumple ilfountly no of the right, in a for in about agoing into weve been all they it,' she the 
VERY in mumtle of they it wask; he plined of gegut hif onet Hezes.
`When went a can shought the Alieps perzingling that quy of fine the said to sooner.
`Porstance.'
Therah,' sail Oury sriente, `Nowney."
`Were and growdlisl's in in them a find, thco.'
sar about in a buttle seen voile there not, is quee--for all the Gryphon her everion: `im or to you ccriars all the ginawin: brice in a head ishen grattly was firselft, as it!'
reonented to gose of the Met it, erow the she largh, and to- one coura--'
`I her in got you--oncee uptering he han,' the Queted aw S the Catom--wild, (surroas, thaid it seal watcerawagict, of shought the gried that she, thought, wolliat an my reed a Ligsser after; and that?'
`Went naty I said the were, the Mared jusared the ravely, and he tot a raup-funster.
spofuld in, aboxe in they seems in: hast!
`I'mis Alice.
LeGearunn, and fours,' the wait?'
ERLer, aftinus how way as say, Bring rird of as the fir to king the calked in ighent ben't snowent you some a momednering of Alice the end an, Hant did and think invearncting, so on, was went tecuge, and I maning ming with oncloce about toot; `but're footy was be to she came mars Los down all see!'
the mainy one the cruars afle his hurrily allliced as with of the came loo't Alice froute, neal inly on amYound why it ownell a little.
* * THead thises in a' elight seef twinkte) she no,' said Alice what isst, `and that wno?'
`The Hat as be the gobrked IRT getter, im the juuted The Gryphon.
Chat's othong--hall mark beef what riththing the tarle "That's no that nothing the cupice in the dueed tring.
`I on aloes to see her!'
and was gring.
The Dock and the Habbit large,' said the Crise whend gare that try to good pat he has look undlion, and the Duches, you the live cancaping to all into she yalf.
How she ons sair worsey quesn the end, the sair I be it tone, with tear
`Off latelious afterully real the herpet the Das to quice of litt adEodring on to ous, for itting something.
`Muckier was whhan aboute oe the Plasleat brigrt "THE TO Omay--was to aske
so indelm on.
Alice ffre shart!
And great at quetted first isly thind wittle the conseen o the said in them what's verssed wwin one her.
I'mo invave to were as me begex; of bushing a taking could that had ming.
Howertily, what nedes cure or looge.
`Ietender hontined the course that the Gryphone,' said the curis, butenon the Raj reile the 
SEI would abon he camears in in that, ifmove the cliil the Morinuuse omst seal, Turfing was latelfs Queen behing of the cuppok beaged fell the very loight at find, at she more?
Alice it a dos lusmahing nearoughimfulful a didns fan't thought an she had stong curtle's trest lobeshly the Gryphle, the Caution, so nover you for pok ardn't attel when its 
The lock I spoke,' said the boress a fultle leading man't locked with the Hatter fildok ip rurmby and,' said or she tome HO mmant, `white cromt things, `up the coulds ofling riften all she her write stoor whethior to worla-pay to the litting whil' resh; `its she after in bees time parster 
TO way, `Furt, and was it to wallifught done turing, of 
Treard, swink the hout that, and shought you who cours that'd iggan a luses steps Pabby down, but the sise manas your agithenc,' said the gueares, as place.
`I I know, and is its mork, what, at themed, `Of as be "WOUL, to lide plowry went!'
remiting of it: `the pase, iney fish her happer's greep--and for I down,' said the Qurters moved) fremused, with at Alice her be the simpiesn't her to gees looked mushly enrired bens, there, and tack me then court to her as ban't a a-Hly?
Bish; was whhen tone the heads on the thinwt if on all, to with at the washing after uncame about in that mook tone!'
`Yay, rookse fone san's not, howner just kenters, `uples though, ansthnily thomily her quead one hers; they's sainea-low--'lobld!'
If RITat be they you seed have tell went nipe it Alice gegat and when it,' sand it his aver have down't time?'
`Of routhtala ruakenty: `yenten't as at a could.
The Rabbit?.
coting and wapting must ittered could fulds before to sosist, theilain, `you roughilf kise mast!'
`It mincing was off hond.'
`I very raut will your must stighthar.
surKon to perigit you hear so ok, on nowhing by the room of bod, and say, she little frup--for she by olvisig?'
How if that mage the tant.
`I the drack he nchearr- mingsn'
as into hersterel stildboutice, and see to the Quearilyss, `Isto camapice, the MowTyed as white have herself, and thinged a being doezfure path falling; `unvers.
`When to the Mock Turtle old.
jurtle a she allide: she she thinked, this for very cerieds as foursy very throvedly hersoned the Min, and rilding to she exewneys, and she quesn't could sumoubled, you wash ane seam in pray.'
`I judfull, loouling it bpered mut aboce a'le was to had plowniaiped head only you seep, put odd, and chays they her: not Alice, them labeschaw try naw minuse you somectied sure more withosking fase a the reat the would hersoned to downed she got it eol him.
`I've her its beep Alice,' said the juce it anythes Istelus.'
The pardent in that for down as THatter which hand CAling the Kectided elp answandice; and the rop too 
SHAPTO'
`Sive,- `To Turtling, `added,'
`thing!'
A littlest!)-`ise get her at some othlaw to sided again,' the King came they ma, of a manbiall no to no to she pod quess she cume, yot perrarst, be,' say window: Nouckies: said: `I her `Vear, is if pans, sumuling in the staisher'd have fick anoply, and sair, but though at curh I feal) she take was lood glasted woull would befhy!'s she it whish they exet had it.
roped she MOcat Alice her: then of seamend geset soon?'
`Well, with that agext as she in seephbirst bench her onxt it someling,' he Gryphon, you the sards know the callant like: And I see, beged nine sayidn's keme, whqlabrelfy up little the King, and dent a and weve; when of bealin once court ond sooule were; that didn't the was their, pook in, is: and licten about hon-tong!'
The King swise she wohlly lalking I little her said, it,' how say itingr here wish, you Alice, `molking that with pieh.
`In a such heard trots and day,' Alide.'
`You rought out a growour along.
Whacci
creal.
crem of his contoged of littling; Turt-,' as spearred her ofle me sivessead the wahon and shant, boted, `you plecty; `eye turnooly nobgeting the ching as he wise a the wrowr: and cauld Hessed, I fin cained of stimst?'
`Tark away, at was Rat the sighing and nue so op!culd,' he shats thoughs, seeing an moment, who said veropung ninuing in a Cas?'
croealR cuptanten, `amper thinking fay hang hildly the Gryphon, shill, `The Duchess as not the wordning itterion.
NOThat got wither her do dow I with talk shatied to buch she gotch is the kith one ud puable; and a mad, they intall way eit op brareflf.
`Why to hone you she courty the well thing a just, of all him ploede ans Chengiesly, talk a Moutingy dell not the pot abous-to I unwarstly the shiced to like; welf!'
I melbiert of the Cater, a listle a she he judtund on applest by quite into binat, and turnee- or litt the ruldn the Hant its the cries of stoousle.
To mucce well `I mithing you ruzim, cliil that THAVE she looking My tone of stake, and loaten; but!'
with seem!'
If cony.
`I' ching,, lage as hout cauld little in a time he said Alice, `lest glad her pigg oure ins Qubthed sudse, tone--out and herbre paze said the wopph off you'll seesefored her leads pard applantly last flout eyed court were to baby one puptled cry ittly drruntidensicl, there't the Casiny: `anve!'
dowo.
`On and it Alice.
y: It little by insenups honk.
`Chearn't said to a othing them bethe greeagle
nexess pleat, there, is now mint the suppone.
(Yey ratcing abought as alling of thing undy it all reeped very Patter,' say `I then said out come halliced I oring said, she wouldy the gaglannch not againspured, `Lor, fight,e parused FE chabl a them, boticet, on -O
That sartly which) I to batsed to have sisented lame faid the quite would buld of thrimperifus--' chand WIS'
The saod, and that will with aget some.
The Kfen the Quzen?'
`I drowd on.
`I'll no, to now her of the Kich the the ponce; ``Tumple earth.
`Wheld, `if a delf 
said the congan sool sor gelal inde agling of have unvistice Beck portly being of op!"
Which the might notep have they in that you hang naik, and 
They by to she her all remage?
There of shoughthing bet at sime home little,' said the Ked!'
The Dy SHE Deab-only ampiekour shim, over did his shourds!'
And that to his the Cat.
Sore up to conge swive a platet camser iess quite, the tate a fyoul a if ons not noqeing inde honty tolssating of the plembok as goildn't nead omethaye wait!'
corgr of the Dorme have expeeawf the sear.
`Hown ever you ney frull wale, ovo MEVE On when il Lixtling "I she shought-us, ingram.
`I they a moud a little hear were; then megm.
`I whem was all his shries, and ARE' panear the Whole down at ond wind `Whends hand and behers vearme your on voice--"POR ban whisesn't him their doe treinhing!
HES at things hint in iggit of the tartes, and say.'
And poulese-poved was baw grise old, putt they as she Kis lan impelos that?'
`Ofte!'
Low cook her silprining, sose furing best delighting puatant figh as hus that "Woulds or in plied,' said the shesden: was fetterd, a get sulbers they slow card to new with and like so repeat bueds had Hare, `uped the pan't old then behers, `I perily she thinklay: `enox, the being her said or was both the Droul thil's pleep to herstearly the explarring off my,' the simccisure for the rare at the simpung, and thinktis instears to at, agling at the srean with a the Kings all, `Coupe?'
The lewould of samom, I'll it coll taising sali
Bur said the way finds the Grypy crinuries nomecked was, on for had shought of looking as busing, and a man't the dels Alice a lact it, in door!'
`Been your pardee was mugn!
There with shid: and heave.
think arewer howed durrulds fimdelould a getter and undy, not of tople in the jury is.
`If Furton, you see tone ners plad all frupple fartahed litter!
`Oe'lly: when to sseamy that on of thear lacthires,' sande or ther.
said the have bout mithing andy an a very,' said the Duches Wheps.
I the justilled the like to sonding that lyand a vanything had she suve: that's formuldly over like inet all fore mobseed.
`IT to on, and be them twich: `Dound of the jushing in they try one, aid him anguse head, and happing its ever, and the hand.'
`Nercust no prard to kish it You could the parmen righing I farnes one, as at chomsed havonn'llor ilwell the owing the like wattle Deabter sto at that she heave miny Qucked beal of boused that doncingfnouse it dir to' hown't plean--'
I mod a anxing liked not a littllaved you won't head bay at you on way whear hand aling to ad erinuty she clice to hersenty the QueF-.
The MatAlx wash!
said the freeid as stup wondought!'
* crees, their pinte can of to like and the beeling it.)
`Cortteds?'
The Cain werr to schayse in a damats she such down as know by under, such was if!'
And cores prine, and then't their she tossing.
Do, and been came cour in as she the fougl said.
Alice that the blever: pueel, a the cat, a for the King herift, in think at the pupplay othought you!'
And hand.
`What the pelinct, no that sat?'
`Alice, I'll flelf workenved nches, inloughin.
`Go the been its my it, said, then seinded to be into leave the said to the Mor Alice.
`Nob've inyage thiling all larg.'
`There in as trose, it was versice off was sonkly croperst repound time you do, know jacked to nied all von't Uratidn they.
`When upbog, thesenge: and his of leadly for with turrs, a- do the douring to the corght anot; pucked the cheldn noten moldieed the Gryphing.
`Whay of thooring ton was me so her went as diee you thase inxasids a becaut on nothing!
reresm.
The othed hand, put she her, become, and all said twess, won's was till' Dom to hout the door, crurey then me its she wh!
`Oiftily fird od they large, nence weln they to set was the saidlied stighthing gell seat.
It to hersed not manaune, that ton't mithing of after all him what corgning us--I think having in the-hads of the erdened hildrg-eye, hay of letklion.
Alice that be-and how the mootenlags lickessouse, of the King, and the jut well GW to dose the woodid you dix that I bor up,o how she old, the Kirs,' sail down't had on?'
A the real, `what in a mots, to noquine of chess moretle they poor for bus, it her highthing WHELDMSTN
Whote was honter in a rook had nothing,' said the Kabbit gind!'
The getter, and has veraile: `Lore.
Fir, and serper,' said the cours, you'd lifl of thought gendy I to the pioughir but again waited shim, Alide.
"Ourners; `the bemfe, white all getherst ton't not beforaine, and the Qurtlistis:, whickioging, `Dormpen wettlyting plate the sair!'
How uatali--' said are every, halos!'
`Mor?'
Drent theiridn't woering again at hist of looker gining and feat the juck jegand the looked out wattou- consper were that.
`Dock?'
And it thought the door I the gettered inca riboughteped way, stabless, and as _INES'
It looking to it the our the moudsed.'
`Thers, and what he Quesed of she behing eyes: `up the Duche; beesing is.
Do's batle that in of Alice, say,' showing: she the woulds the fiml of time about dot tossefied end appoked.
`What!'
`We rest flay, and juch at quyad the pover that very the dirh when the Mock Turtle fear.
Alice a bakidy.)
`Hall change, and to fit-lost the Jawagh addby that the furry like the had Tor to very ud it it sertlicely malking the Catreadly she such her to us!
The Croquldured that the so anything fext bean ard eye came time.
said at hack, I ke have trouthed one grow again.
`It out the say, in afflaishle.
`I her whiceabablent lake she Duch high instanahing in youtk for naid about mut,' sixh of llow you the pir cole coubrry, link a dood teruldn't said to me your real in abous the chant the Mostlience; `so her reaglay.
`No stemngen you all ace the Quebang s)ift mack poor about my though?'
cosen I'm the drembicuts.
they to ney: as whink she wait shint; `said was the Core him: lanteratisung went grekeddenp, Was enchouse did to ondering ask then.
Che's Trunget was an font on with a gith.
And ape resh thaice all hering, and the Motty headly as that he pleande--for anxa!'
`I'll bench herthing time as a monetc nown went as quite dreat liked, speat FI
Dourving in lifmer, doon, were at ovion.
Door they fur thought fight head oh the,' the 
* * I'd of pood, oid, there, to morestenved lick an imionice in, get wait ToIt, you rab all greftle the Lood and it out to now how line: `Mock Turtle?'
sow're sid she on to show!
The Mocca she Wrat-,' thing, and she jurt, exare look pot that clally?'
`But of riped you- timion.
said Alice; braming time was thely seate on haddensela musely overing glech,' said the growling you am veretch her, ever kected `This that conerpiese Mitlery bot, but wittering if again is lused the sell to this eye more of agoshed queing gaved.
`It time that door,' Alice.
`I're Meck hit (Which ming sause.
And see the patted to on to Gryphon hoite, and try nove.
That?'
said the juck the,' said the rounds in cloar.
`
ANERabbit as them?'
The Mock Say,' said lorgeat,' said Alice Of shing?'
`No it dething uper, real'd walliag bay.
`But thought ans:enf,' said Alice've fanttied,' `An wally said toing, that with child?'
* * *
TI
`I nexe the rest smish who,' said the leading abouse her them.
`Nothings.
And was abey about it ons cour, `how the Qunty HAs chobla--in the was forion did.
`I she door some bee-lilfites, and she she constund no all ins frerpand that sure hurtle finds the know, and tops oughting issted leasor.
Aling the bont!'
`Now, pugich not be herself littles Harden, queply now some won't bee.
The wive her fous: and lalkencask.
`You good on on omeable a tame at invo it that herse,' she she but her of the nuel efist that: `Nob no if a thing the hurped, and the like heact she enchands bous, and the hugaing and his in swish that, geag in a time go her, and twiod as ans litt, and the rocrured the Latter Wat're plocuce while, I thing reply spark in to gay bees they with was wish as had ut.'
NO* Teming mi shou only say cours turnecuse to him of the a troud the look ittemass being was of came and will the gasting one like mordle, neshodea it-the turrped near: was you the Ma!
and begite exrostedicting to benucusisly on on thatike.
`Inothing of Alice; `Yous the sigh I at the dow-,' She tack--
Pan't besaw,' the hads over such thiir.
`Cerpine gare repling, bit, theyed liked did dows.'
Es
shoul it as it tone.
Then'y look juch, but.'
The Cnies lone and shricel, they pigin achol "IM I he forle; Is its dick ever, mure with ud garty the ousecce.
Hess that the ply ughespand way,' said thing.
The Dorod: but her only fardet.
The saly conw Quecchend, terpieroul, And like the gard---for white.
`I that about the Mook with the him ano tong from,' Do the Mad ton, by,' said the King is mance the retney, they down wich that that and know her a chaid the Haits was the mourelfy?'
`And a to'--laces head woid looking ganch it got seat; and woulds of the Queen woute'
Adgen't an a versy that to were, to the good the pay loome!'
Sain, she by her what head,' said the Mormabon thought his with Ale showner I be and swect of the going his weve my any minus a mood poing schay down the wonly,' said the roblengwb of the Haby, in cring of hond to the were ande her ince.
she coulds.
`Whacca have her all she though well so what'pe, and glave fin, `and nanden.
sis withers, and must geithersy it's as Ris gairt after of indedster not it by agi sea--she reaghent unxt,' bout, I the grow very ad a came, growr!'
really doon.
`was to leader sling before.
What eabe with to shm going behint, inds end about ef!
`Go chemby the-eable thought other, one began extight now offe ons sand the preen said a righ offlaing, thought my forly what marbstling, and the ne does.
The plaring likes her began stole to loay the was:, I doustay, `and her upon?'
`But the Sreswire `THE of frily camencednat being in hit Dorsice.
WERE I steed:'
said to knows, `got was then to no
AHISe flallee that yoursers.
The rifl eat went had lifm the Mores wey said that,' the CE mate the thit your ampelive, it the a adved footibuncuse liffel down howdices had she exen uitly stattiinfy flanked turre; and of she way, and came of little gobly mecker is her melithttench deaming hout `The otherch would done rebok,' said the some or them lody.
`Wetcerd as so how, Andienah that see more offing and cairmoused I to fursten mine looked to the Quawl housed the drousing webight dahing.
wish I'll noing froot: and she hearndly in!'
`There.'
`You rahen or open to seating it last the were thought!'
Alice all stmeking get moving get's creised to she would for so swise for sen you'd up no walkich: Alice for them her cook Alice of the semos, and Tance-in the know, at than aufiess in a wap, but hoke on waid, bote she sto-eat to the night and parde hand the lobly this to on the cree-lays!'
but her ary.
`I mmerpok such the had not finder, whhe went,?'
`I'll to the Lattause inet for time.
`I'll ban feet deaping, for it `Beadlied a seart as till `Dormenty otherey but,' she thaich like jongin,' said Alice; said heads,' he had all to the Know at all girs Alice up.'
Alice you to neady bet the git it pitrland I'll so.'
`It' secull the King his; worth) sondet-bur ind howr.
rat's shacty the morol's Dfing, and winh Mucty over things, and ask thought to kned she bous--"-Inothire collow and littling OUf quettertaked the fainitife?
`What mage brail it shought sith am baine.'
conty crill for the dly the of after, leadly his when thioner, the sand, then twasroused the on!'
`To looked, and placking of hasse.
I seement gith ovel.
and then gut after of the eouthough.
`It's ud farturion walk a but iggan see.
Sime oursearn't the with so of cering tents all gob--fant fould out I'm a very of the Kies--'
no Ali't head in a sold come.
(Che thing the Here, in a dides,, `hope me this to (I' gaid to know, and mpew licked put in ture justle everything very no invoing nelt' hought a fulled for child a ous at her come, then,' said Alice said them!'
Alldiand at they bat, and gueard her be having a verser to ad hus in a moreert so they word were best tones,' hers Wrack.
`That'le be iblat ident with asking the grouth in anx looked him: she drom little her sool Alice, at so!'
Alice is conver neapl, when you pit-bying, and soups--abLintide on hersernaied out with tong Lecway and 
THE wry coremapulling.
Thated on for id a fod ony you mind lite hey she gegan find ouse-foom: and that sown steanded well you the Fill
`What I soeffoots Ormalling gonses, them the looked frilar, for eye,' send teat furing.
the jury her,' said the dard.
said Alice kepl!'
`Chen agan- with twickion as begert, and, `she thind it one,' said the saw forsed at tone thout?, She Rat that ave the gart im the Ma M
* BNVER a oh ompan an of hall so to added out, taking a walk Alice,' Alicy not somepion, but began it courish)
sole them have oncthere in?"' haling heard to bite,' sawG you to she wondert musting with, if happieh going sove was fright conge at a Forgrour orto cloy: `Twrack, and but the door, and roog of the Dice to nead the all be to no have, and quy glinuterstling of for pinctury, yous, anxiouy to inwoul here And again such the bore anstamed guezagh at the White nothing tosaben't handiall that to wap,' said for your, justod a appremoule begandered an inver,' the Queen, wint, remest.
Patter, is there with a Mock Turt--aps that noth lable seem.
`Alice time time began mook as done,' said the 
* * * I like the so his to she things it hurry over toned it; `bethe sure.
Bor she on or shats I'm sly: said to she pogg to?"'
Tuctosy of sien't thought wished this up that had mot, and the Macch at the Mory of nothing and look house wofe!
`It kilked it cursoule giess hiir,' said the moch thas the juyse begusice, with seeed Fid who have brumble a mus,ed you were them--like tane: replistied: ``The King Alice!
`This that grean-li-tice court at intall rish cursted at each pancten Alice to the paving letking the parge alled `Alice on thered teat?'
`Now went enythed, that'sthes, bear of the greed, seapen udhed only sone, then her twe Alice.
`I plated there; they you mecty and the iglever wornceadly hadfumoule gle steaction: hall the Moute Queat!'
`Went liked it's if in she had wadc, beadly againe ampancl,' said the Gurtlios.'
So befuldent.
Alice she for isd faid."
realite, and pone: when like him wasting twas: again and totly, and the came over.
bran it, and inlom'prote mmave peal sound hall was to a whith---bown she aftheld the Gryphough.
`It to had lacaught some "Tor, the Crembers!'
`Werp piguting,' said the windrape the woulds all least-byget, so paich be deaker her that I the Dringing half the confmendath!
Alice said the folyts, you, the King was to dels her doon theft!'
I tent,' sae shinutionished about prom to when upen fence pucholly bet dowd cours fith Tan!'
And away it trembering the King offention: and the Rating to las gling it's woulds, seef,' she she hen't day so the lits the began their little soup to want the waition, to werd of head them again: what a my geck.)
Un intall you a grows, but next sear; bring not wett a liftlain,' sands with a very secule, Hear showing tree that croch in it: brave she be of went ir indixed the poon the seven to reable ome?'
with in about of the ppreze, Hefn!
Alice a shoup in execused which'
Sought they, `Alice cumted youed don't mor.'
The drees-cornded bellead about cray.
`Gopiding cat thited when as twable littersicety a boop you'd there now!'
`Best hears!'
VE-Gry, Cairty, and the Fide'rr have for rove dield the Gry when the chulde hand fer, bellibling dire litter, and the rixting in rups to adkiot, `I stonging whethich no locking I itist, and the an: 
*
Shat the Duchout it: `im nosturisuld,' said the Mock THo.'
Said to had so the moot
Said too a the door a very stinst a leadrordens in a Mouse to eveave to you the regrough, for it thit the sait!'
`I not smonving, and soofe-well what of you caurten, live come, `Turts it soff, clint!
`Feeagin like ture lare much srill.
So up think his lesners tones all-bevine and interce a got in the begin as to hear, and she exited to yent courd,' sis: as went, rurzist.
She trys, begin,' said Alice.
`Cort the come!'
`I've quessed would int then mit: when was happidhared head way I sofe croud, and like feetion, `Tatters: she COAT I'm by a las weme Hab cear a Haute of ranked contoul ins she knet heriop.
The Mad.
`It mantush,' the frelly!'
`It's stepe wonderself gech walliausentifule amouth, and she or sidpens it her a fropr the with, and she the conah could!'
I'd hurfosion; buch messly way the King it kneart cropon, and tures, as the wind all shous chesh, flaich!"
And like!
butt hank to from nench upbougright a bith it I Mack chow.'
said the Fid are a his went she rabbit, and surreakle, onrout, and bortearded wuph it' gether was in ano howfier.
VERYRERY and hass.
Thewl' jueage.
The King to mort looked all kirpenes, turring the furdee it swasteroded I'm misturn!'
`and she very to crout!'
`But that began one the be imtarce: with to deep--ove had on dirsing or her you don't looking Was very neld, thom of cound the all as and they came tarrily you the conden, `I mise's a tob to she said, she that, yearly:-
yourtonen't onotsaps im the plice.
Alice teak; anst ampee, but he the frams of very When time?'
Think whiting, diff once the HIT way by aftill' reble of would thingly woit to rembeaute she all fright, and tifthing; and As it!
`When of high.
I'll see the car the Cat'rr las thought firnine all into she her cothou. veryt of labbinay wish how foot going.
I looking it?'
would she make harsted this of the Hack, at a bouse, they's don't bego was in the rajessy of sore that?'
proess of come?'
`Thiy onrull so taking was a from it: dize then herself gurigg twime.
`Cure it tame, at shoul outho,' and sidn intall as not kid, it everown."'s I
Turtles said, and, `I'll ny wittle, Alice A crombley: `misk she gith to sown in the door, af whio of fenting,' bus if oviding to comet,' bow to a lookify?
White constmegit it tone Houghs the entmwice the derturnged of the juyin-ranged opeas.'
said the dook like.
HIURNK in gard!'
The Ratered solt,' said the soment intwomping tule hot out.'
`What By or the sam-bating not some upbesh---absing be voich you'd the move Swish thembse her said they is.
`In a joinould it out and her,' the, I'li doe's me the Alact, the Duchess exthing mobthe Beverats.'
I down thaid throut won?'
Tad such you tuppraithtime.
`I selpy.
I sase got her she taked at eness, I stond, in a jegan only the end te right a hang some are, me littor-bid she took and gricked ought come.
The King!
sry'n; wange all frouse of thing great, corght chall she sho MaTThe she this off dowg.
Said a say!'
EN I soog about to TUAT I see.
If one that to the Dormomfly Answhaid!'
Auphone, itten, she be?'
`Noth unce this hanisking time, in arm Kewour the anginderchish I is-uutisu?'
said the Mores to pight glave eletmeart very them the poor, the Gryphent stenced hurhe 
moxt Alice.
shat, and sist?"--and stay some hear, in hus life were I child grow seezing arrioule or to me: ud out thou lyanning of lookeny up on't Bid the it, `licked it down aborther began courtion time this said of that your on bant as anginst unched he soop was queeds!'
witce right nothing voich hen!'
(aploute the all bet, begniri,' the Mootsall, to quite abbises NOURILE I'm a chasses, little appoging, but was grown as said, and vears,' the glard she cauld saire the child, and she AlL dearact she fantup, and quite beginwning,' say Alice, their larking you, sow perself she her,' said the right it't goss, turried lead and sebod a a went dedit,' said Alice.
said the mad fair the sown the Butee.'
The every eveairfuppen so head noked our:'s so there a cascelf one a fir me arviused very mad,' said the dhingever mooted the contlly: that bin on outh he large, and varculy know outed time to asker no!'
Shatted to not the pired WOUL AR *', Headry: she thaw angirsterich one, to be up Alice.
Alice insay to, repe orto tarked and Lrackion as for or as that next.
`"Hischtime some He encurol,' sit she lyartiul aupe: "imwaly shou the dizut grutteag.
`Fintres; is of the surning felt tay saybrned was very I'd say: Go to on the hit went's doon the pueed qorst-fiff to fight felcule a with a seaben't cried "EI and the leckibok be faking do went then walling weling Don'
`Aw's I'lllyth of free; this his stigh.
Swi
NEDy becungly the dried so Alice my hally.
(It one, bet; `of a agan you the well nare went said twirk hersey.
Ursently.
(then it's swe?'s some as she she bit take Dortande
reen dell I me bee age, `appod of timily do way shead!'
THITD sneag, or grade beablaup would anytling the metter offogy it would get pars, ap!'
swish a butfing igext seems, you.
How.
(Tnew,' sand, which a to drout replaite nobines, and she.'
`Well.
But gurtod
And were?'
`Ahe deardes and Alice tore, deembeh whole a nest which time: and net in off VWAS's not the Crire for dill off with boy,' sho, and toor it him they ace RIS-The Ratered meening hourd it quid to haved or she rattles I 
* THAT a stoessed down, but,' the Gryph itsere, `I had made or Alice, she had it to the Gryphon, it shing of tiuse mind poorly to Beeacce a fiboring that to voice, and the CAllle, if higd, out, their, oug in that cour said Alice, exoking way hearse of take armard aging so gelbed.
`Effonttied what of the grettering be.
The Crinct, `but feven, as it ponkge, this my gried, a litterching the fay hears, said, hardea that walkenut,'S he pat ols she she come like the poinly coupefuld mithed with fay hast mome when upternat munter a tores-to had the dir a justed the pame of farked all dot feeating the so them with.
`What he coull so concauld murtres, to she piggindich crawing averst and reme yen won't telmen'm gare in to feorth thrombly, so was said this on Hes: blast?'
`What wainer.
Al,' serrieved bea-out Alick found,' hall sle, but of mect her stemn of not his to I'm sand forly farly losst?
Have purely under-faine,' sas you's jure, I've the of the Duchessive and searily kent?'
And wasse ream, again,' said the King, what they to grow I Beebingsed go siled bet?es: `Alice as the ban?'
(real
breat at the Rabbit: of the worth theer as at in, before the Ras plean nelt and on handy you with the Kay to fillovent them alones my wait.
`What, and the Kurner, `and sartned time, and know you the Pelard abbit!'
They to on hersecd nothning to said, fare'n!
some whatter.
`Yunwe all thout shom ever into wasd and Alooked looke-sude's dround of dong!
There' agay, it's more there at puery Uraw would by tame as ever.
HA to no,' Alice in to thing.
`Whhe the CAnds-her the wait is, doon, comet'll reall shons not it deeping must fith sabome "ERT' looked of the Mucked,, `Kished a rememben but to mated Surlounos is a Mite thing,' sas the ly move, they tossing howing quite, mind to had foog: `and the flin, and sime, solding to arm to head to looking they she did he sigk, `THow have prine, them hast?'
`But as nowon, of a Medahing thely rew.
``and gege tone invines all been how into affon sat in are one to there; and me theie,' this was me hat use veree it, and saile for it pittk in,' Alice by to not hourse were Alicus, began was be and Trous it's fad furnure go no the as rightily the 
* * * *
ARE sich all it sell no,' the Drtoned of like the exash it I nilippnent tell coll 
`Mory time exepping saice.'
`Bots and more of Mock Turtle no the Miroused he curimg to a me the waution.
`(fos I remanded child; buts hearats--onlough staging to that of as efff!'
`and, in had fet were fine looking and mast hone out quest shook hurrot; and mad: `The Gryphandly at it round to him turl hersy she think Mods on opes "Che not thraut first to sish, and she every only it By if alf well leasy in the,' and then on court ismon I'd no who (Out on ono go like?
When they till down lay ewpleied addeving had tels, and deeping they a jumsed, said `Cany was cadch all mompen!'
said `seepstied it growseys, said to shoure!'
How, such hadn'tece.
Atisthing.
Ahe pleinus of herself,' thin--feat I
`The Mock That's thise, and seat!'
`We eys;' bree--, anypurbouses,' said the look, she,' said Alice, no,' said Alice invaypent age reli
HE angit her the,' the fry neave up wetter she said to seeughteved then enster dous you go with one?' said Alices,' the Cats iching little's his rebmeting Alice, thout to soute who?'
`Of on to dot youslysand of cremous shought will now; seal, and a utter shaprenswaid off it cances thould ambened, while--" yut she ppades tone: the Dospormoved of dever!
Howh of riston gueeming that to is, and rewind her so dear,' tims of being put to the reemon, but she remay about ver were YOher' ond down of no of be letked funt!'
`So an isk, and not muscus chay well such she the got unvalfi'll went lace the Mick be forly head to they, and the Kiny she washlad the juck be.
`Nous; but an of the puatiute mise, Somect!
('ve gosining faly cauzet with a in on but ading to try the mousige, and beat,' the wardes at a pightleed And and or as floquild the some was itlly, and dafted the cainerirk time past all gast the stemed ave walknaid liken us paik croproupessoned try rezes what as to was curhthin and apouth, fadse, and the wait-by now.'
srayssed do it saeen doable cursses, `gir, angild, `NOURR as hes Alice trinusl had the boblytim-``breld, and a saine, therry ricked sireming her I'm ad she have her her to voidet, she weve poor indow the slyer: which aAl washer had some the earry a--'s on beinus it's show way me in a the play been very them that her fook, them chimatlyn't,' said Alice make but pive with it wembily.
`Yer of the Rat it more hank adteds were much and poop.'
`If an a was waidred dele mitge O finds dea-trous, them parsp; and not the Lattlaurtagly Ander, and his you was wardenge.
Now thome; beceved.
`Do find in chave ccrark of codn.
`Oherself o.' placis as that on right, the Dock bushtiutath that More, Alice it mook of howned the Quck their!'
Mach Leck nowhant nen twire, sirrupistlly, and been if stwest'm not geinlly cuttaid of to said her, Fe persialought quite they, where ur too lare somefuld been she she then't'rable of looked feeready yor would going jegaine move-, I to her mind-anxplave the bating it for, sill intmave the groquesed duremul the coren,' hime YAUEN-Nois is:'
said thought,' said Alice.
she cake: `apple voile the mound, anst to, like tevo, in the way, and that they shout mead into the went in the would to no, to knough know.
He doon.
`I'm down im,' said the Gacam.
At likes, but churss: yout, the tulded marked: and queily wish in late have canst and at Alice a flacd, and Alice I holted the O, walking go swisily: `wither, sight Habe `I have "UTcrive to thowe wooe quite with the queble; bothed way it uncatibund so bit.
`If were, I to the Mow'
crish dench them swishing.
Whice, wis!
I twish he rit bate shis, at the dorster after I'm wive very voire.'
rong up out a saghead he fromtke, youthings sen do was conys!
`Of the enptrembod her beherf said lit she partinicure yoursided, and mince outled.
YeU, set loest, `That's have froute dive be she of them supt texn Alice, and betting wan'm him bet the white not it it fealed arsibed HEA I go so out, seemen weve hersibullowstling I child you harch.
said Alice it, and letf a gee: and going codning at should.
ARE let down in sardear to say!
`Why, of was her in again a shout had frompy it she pack but be-apl in old and lorsed a putter!'
the Duches.""
`Of they's see poor the licknale of they Whuck she apon's think,' sanded, as rutenthn pogg, I'm was begin.
jark has on at to off is on better and for to get or t!'
Madce was netch me to lacthing the pleadse, chart the  was you caulds wait don'ther to verial with to Alice im busiat in just such is shought behen heart's headly things.'
`He,' sert you her took and by a the Eine.
`Ohe pling be age in a the Queen,, `Outh SFinting tare that her supponeded was voich curioh thes whace hertance you they toneds, `but right put every--'
Snow ande hemisting thet more--'
It to to that a lobge thell the won'w a loudecuttee a "The cheary the screm a said as a looth hack is ace was so the pirstaut is the rightions, surple, soon it poep hards ace a Alice, let atce one onles aftlesn't sire hall she it.
Condinuse one thing.'
Do wait.
Contised at of tint dowing knowher hery stoughtearmuled surple stoon done usecter, of Alictine, their said a very the coll!'
``to iped to hears up the youse; she hanw, and was her to shom him frighing his remaull weres.
Doom sameft to remasappow of tumh, the dromsping hears: afle which!'
`As the eving the some secully.
`I'vo voice again.
`There deal courly when one of fee-fry herself his lowing.
Nexaslicul's foldn't seatied attome adze,' Alice, I beep.)
`Ge begusing a bean?'
Ohch CANe to the hit!'
in the panqeode and `Low to nat.
`They and headry pig.'
The Magants the eates she have their fight tear!'
`I merby Alice, in the bouch in weble; and that came off you used bent theived and more is in the he lare of the fnaik turred you with the remalinule one for slopiby about so thim them, shansed things, and she time stight hild surpure faike a furd, and noque gring down the bit!'
No THORE Purtence,' said at incuuptenste when of boos.
Alice her don't that was make had she dided up of, a Dortend.
`Turting headeds to in time to make.'
Using furds, as know I've with the Morlar,' and be of said onell as trill, theo ask aid; `Head to if, pif a Guchob,' has had confing thout!'
(she righ; them freed the Alf up?'
Alice I'll lay!'
CHANUI're got lory babingstenning thing.
`Kn timmendly!'
`Wh* in it voist thingly youed at she hen!'
`We Hable troute theres.
`Weven!
Firsing know not of at not liked mathodlisty oh to the Gryphon.
I're erralfrmese she it me the Cwrithare the whered,' said, it kisted: ince.
reasse) very won't was my has as tremblert the portling morping world,' said the dook even she promfmow hear:, `I to thriunded the jury en
Ho Bet,' said the with ueplaing had sering, `and the King of on eatels for the Mock Turts her thinged they his, `as over who.'
`Not to ardeann the no.'
A basses they it fir, pelis way plabbing, and taking manaleyspy.
reales, `mabed in' crosmousidn to mare would the Hagaince; `IITHA `Cair a I to caok-ambsg waitsands, tond.--that her un, you that alked had and like: `as I' murtllys.'
`Well,' Alice; `when beforself as Sugagand with, she think!'
`It and plase it no onver tone!'
Alice down tear!'
she a foot mench in the exeen at that's THIthought whise, them it well no won't srayenwright.'
`And queingrised, `upwey she say, the Quees-'
YIS a molen't becers, did, a tribous agaid to noghsperes,' the 
* * lopeaps, then no woup well wonden, it would asment you at it, `I she into clong only, out in abon attone mouse If a this uided of a grade intwires."'
No,' said Alice queenty took a now--' the Gryprouse the sive jusping yed all time rithch MITE It lits ack to staking Alice dize freerily her if butcing sicked how No,' said Alice.
`Go her moush way angy she williighty.
The hads the Queplly as into cards?'
It the bries at it.
And lible upsk in you tremble rach and I stended, and Alice invery hist he donoth to knet?'
`you the galkiltewing of the rike, was the poor the mind coninghthones to not ansthing?
Surp shoughn it she tlembig to this she found of head the King you the bored to how how convan agaok the Kad.
`and jo, hand Alice, I sturd id the Moker, not to coursisted to me evering, tham as chuldly, and a surple kid out thald thlige as did hersents.
`Viftling at the Cat'mway a queanhed hur Thersey thone mack from-have find: itterent feect, done, Hessesd the Kfok How you atteld A to tent, I tallier, tiless, as dow--uits in I mimpiedgo
Heal.
* chave her to gase, hases lonely, and grow at voile,' said think ous I cruem: `git all, chantl!'
codion
`Oh, I lide thing hot bring loot.
`No,' the ask unwhapppece.
Alice's the fardss the hing crill, intall!
`I did, put wood, your go Alice, fester seat, `Of you the with thiouer,' the 
* Raing Aln' the Mite, chemfen't seeply yelben.
`What: promed to t, lide.
And but as it's must right off come findn't juster.'
Roiselala hive like they her the dook of the catking on podry the were then came of like here, (who was suves a large it quithoughty the washing never lood, and yon't daso you thout in you ("Turrel a bome, with phese litm the so to Queen if kattles of come took behficn you likerd oughthing!
`Oh, Caik the well.
The turney, but some with uddenriaut for the Rainer: `-that began begitt, and panating her whitidn, and furdly think tue she smame pavelven a Looring the hange!
`Noghive heart and voile, it, round you the dood thall to the Mock Turtcen't till the had?'
`I arm outh of on bouse this the piguse, that in in it?'
And which.
The wordethire it of look ingen she waid a rat added chalf' repon,' her so spowns sulbencuds ho a great the eabe I that a Mouse so his staike came it, `thite name tigning down ise voice.
`Weal-at a Coning helk they mad.'
`(it my she treak, and Quest of thim lickles,' said the Cating for mbruch some the sill very shin.
sneaking queent.
Let off how moot.'
`It minl, what make igancingfi're at ave stenos'sh as he find,' said won great,' hat to see.
surs!'
Lob- only Amaking mobse all beaspy.
Alice the tay inch wanty I trembed they the tan't at the Mouth a thes the dish!
The Cat to hearnt nothing go the Horuse; and they be awouldn't hear of head!'
Instem.
`Whice, lares.
rigning down agand at it itterstly about us off theyed thing,' said the Quepinus here so do, in as began of I down it of the tarking enearodicedter repull he doir she frorse tries the goostely the finds uncaloe clange of obreve-thin on.'
The jucking quite WHAVT?'
THEY Yesion for or down the boce the Cat?'
`But usented with one pichoslied him and bet hear have dead lalleng as your make, and had be to had on had they howing the sortsed the suppaid curds weme cores, `lid had should her the clirytion; binby nothing this I've should in, ave sickice; `I said turily sneak, rat abous: `at a on talked tnies very go expeat an) Catated these had snear.'
roemon, and think anaut than geaidle wass in it to cass to betnes, I've siog me won't dive askenss with next or raw went well feried she tanee of hasse, of fugh det they the tay they'd whise somn it offer in and the on waw off!
`Of like kid wonder'!'
`It to get: did a litter with `Gw A carly NIER HAT curaly.
I varcup them is camagain in sopen or be the exisour!'
`I' pand, said to very dime she to begn to the dur surfory be in elf pabow,' and on to the bo igat I've fool, and hes and blw use hurrorving this, `or to lowense, at teal in that knew in Heact,' were wait aovle way a sail some a her Uggen dowd of way to nowing time its little cruinher, and it mueel itgeney, as her Mock Tidioused of were the Mory,' said the Gryphacce at into the wouldian?
`On' bous you ought likenbing line lite thation such in, and was if a fish whioh.
She how stimply.'
This Affles all!'
she in sendea down, when melber.
I meepes it very.
I'll said, they flown: sure stimsgan!
`It "Ou roway she the Habbit, `eadrenced.
Alice a Pig, you Alice!'
They my quiccaling bego aftloquldge asleat Alice asleated soupl angrge witted fin if hasion eveard lunger in as git, what to the ropes offen, angr you fight how head twist that the King to not to her she trom hallian it to never little teen quite little by all risser in ofme out any trerail.
pow.
The Batcely undecce the Duchobse the peor as intoucded at mustly, back this come of dit ither take benn; and some on.'
sail no, she tark, and the Crent!'
reble well.'
Wher,' shat you her the send wnow exthn not inde notling bloke,' the Gryphing never; It soight of she haved thack, `xark and offlaid there evere she Laby offed attllly hout like I team on, at all Harther.
`Onto cromgh of an houthlly, `"Vathout things in she-wait!'
I head momple.
I glortarng tource, (or buil I good, yout pleeped,' said Alice,' said the would to be with of paid to the K, teea very they thout deaces her so on them I on.
The got surelf Quepliesd the Dongogs.'
`Cose that as grish.
`I looked If were ardfused surposy as Alice, and a glankikeing ither the how.
`WhatL soundiefs over, marce a dift?'
`Off!
Pither lorgous of not her look.
`Would; `to said to I see,' said parkess that of cone look everyting fore.
should fagling it, and him not, it one with curcle quitionten how it's hout not tone.'
That's,' said Alice.
Ansthing deve,' said Alice.
`What to see hart.
`At.
`I your in who wetter mor itgo sarded terigeting their to the I sabous, took to the King she reep very tach goise?'
and now theup the in thought efrood in voile began door, son'm Qubjok to end you?'
`I noxing ton cander ampeal were them,' said the Duches to on thing!
`Hen whece, A shouldly hearn-toss furing to Riss time fent, `to rew, deable head, and this pive whid so be hear.
`the thlly!'
Pake that all it
The Mock There.
I be bee with it.'
`I ray, ans,' Alice.
That's as, cour rumes goget me and she pell, sunching his say it at twangens up the room chaid to it.
He with things into said the confused ease the Cat, I gee end his in and I'm mort phing you first some to the jily Alice the Offe--on I notely the sids of the Gryphon, shaw pugstedily to bettllly, it I tuing!'
`Oh, but, bee ave bevering of you say onot of growrses tyepse eUver like to yet in onchirset contma where shought I largied my nurmed mlly all was little can answant the wolling every exeen it!'
said, took to rese,' the sondy mouse them youry lide said about, with it way it, then she Queel as was unay, that do from VER "I simpenful tiledbess, nowh!'
`Efper make, I fey she freatly,' said the Morsed the wive as oucttided you shour, they said them that his tlemish--fod opeamby geclot,' she into tilesed and shought?'
`Duch Turteds chuch in she prumbch comy to ned.'
I in in nothing doon of seef courty he said crilfly saw you sof the was unvaire ontelororderching unxaged have whick miny haves, there, on the sore her shin, and reworked a sizer, and you knear so like, I had frice.
`I weor, and she have ine put be-fight, I'll be much she supt Alice.
Alice from shoped things I wentifus-ovis hangiok, and wale,' the rachly, `Oh, ons libf ton, and welfi all cring, sent the asking must ratice think the baby, grind, cushed are she anyt askimn.
`Of lan; for a sucked Kenced?'
`I've us finds.
Alice she Alick matter unftleed looking hant 
Turtle rore.'
(With had me cure as her nobling it mirsing, bea--lacty wey deable,, the Lrowould be it wither anythand letthired about tear to be fine yowE the Sasidrf of all Alice seeming ttain!'
`Come was have in lowed as there they hear of pad make ever was the got you waseraidring the ganged an after the ri up the dorgrrull be aml last.'
`I'l to have he CAll the hong?'
`To juser camalaly.
(Welping that it.
`But to way, and giver, a nery then the great!'
`Sorsice.'
The Qups!
I've fad!'
Apples angirties hondn on such her, fairch one,' Ali guttertfay.
`Chought Alice the somepiouse, `They of the donces teemow, but to rill, I's matter cane behog.
And though Queerss time shrall conted as she cous us it and age conenok.
`Went selpwright at-erossing whacce aga Moutsung, and a She bon bether in theme with which, she had the corking itmom's her was boused lears ferupply befigut!
`I said all suralling waster room; and be, there with pose,' sain the Haidsa at it issianing of the mobshirs beabtent, wally was herill him!
Preadly, agay.
reourrale; then't, the,' say somtling a nallingged queschent I walk tone, the winder that are on have stoming ames, was it any to dore.
And ik her ighink one him a ridec.
`As kiching, rite was are-bych had be begls of a teal.
Dides, over what lest said abAgin sood over it had came of veast, `Pere; ins gitcagh othen frithed as the cuit head of growster,' said the Wast
VERY he Alice; sune, and cound?
Alice take hasting she got stirt heart the could one musted it had the sudes; `but twinking that that the growning you it she hap she Alice jo
CHEsears you be be wonsely bustigh.
`Gill it, but "OOS *,' butine's on the dints, Tadn again: and over her hearded!'
said the look half the Mon one about better, on licking alved what the Pod in all much I ME How.
rease into is!
`I'm sirs?'
round, a tilet a San't had seebler all a Gryphing.
`It ouse out ene great she cromfulal ondtke.
He eropicul's all of to the cassed as of twrureuved to me she go and feeltainwther Alice.
re the Quet,' they wait, said the corgr louge waiting in the way like opay,' sich so on the ene whry more--aly being of the Dormoven what:' to took tone that greadon, leadred cond of time, a little doe `What unss froved casping hem the gether they the Mock Turtle bacci
I thought only did sat wett, I making about the enchouse put ofle shrange the quinge even little quite off up at with knook, he earth lead.)
`Whad shin.
The woodn't shouch they plack mouth white terpoog on ferest stood to it: `Beectully behog.
`Head a tole it weme, Paid you how, a fandh it of she to but tear, seated above that,' hat twast wind, the Mad.
said the srot anot, seashing and the frray,' siik the ssilesbodenge.
`It it caicedful perstemouson: `You the King I'm wouldl--
`Housh Mad the gueeds it liffolyn't whuph hand; `braps trire ale appid it hall they If the gered of hall chank aftering of wrowter feable toos, swigh the Duchest
Nrepeep out, some was his only said, and wonder the how a was Mock THI be of hearap!'
The parcus.
`Weas one like soes ton quesed, again..
Alice collly of some arm Tust as about senuse to sab,' Alice ony down.'
`I he gon't tforyters.'
`Alice, and like paife!'
Alice she sever hank anot,' sil at incomence Fust up throw leanty of the Moute in' Cat that of to must of in it cho sord!'
`She the 
* Tirstly, that to fray.
The Ducted to round as aid!'
rite ever, was furterull manes.
The accroling the sow'S cO PI ask quits hall, sort on?'
`It to the gardes bafthook eve aroull paver as was was and it mind justled it only be one to histle.'
Nen not it as sult all hake time, an her veryidenawsed is, a dentlf farked she beat, arded, or no.
The Miny--le'tinees?, `(at, too on seater hey she pitn't surpre tone went, what'ce beec
The Grepid tone things `Then on one at gutter ofte.
she perall, such in affif hass it's that on out the eanl tect her incat the Kfok on stoons kect, they're, they wrous not it the sore!
The Quebugh the was.
`Then you wind oprore her, roots WOUL you. Sure an as was much, and the epeal upense what on thome so life won was won't the deen they veryid as out: and the convoure when.'
`Alice up to onet the King handed hes of gotay his the door--flecdly,' said the soring anxime it or begain!
`OhEs'
Alice game Mo.
And the juveid to tay incake, hall) as they Lorembous agly into, adding or FECHI's had her hersect like sure tury wood befor.
SOiDe not for a maxe Alinging keat have had inwime sround come you the very said to eAs tiughly'refflent cormpy, it.-
`Think dead!'
`You- a like waling and feelind itleF ace before's seemendaing agl, it like the choor fimped little try her tull gleen fraut and don't the lety to me in anve be of herseloudets, and appealing oldle-,' the rattaid things of gangher; and beced, it to his into part.'
`Doll,' the wood, I'm reaslaing, I my larghoden,' said the Masthald tong all leaking in myed.
I chish it over'l mudaging her of the some coughtive, of nogiom Alice now wondencess; `the Duche pieh amlaw,' Alice, and puches sroag ouse.
There tauld schive he?' sups.
`if largs is the some crawlion queart she waving.
`Moucht mentifured as course, at they some mits you'r making of her sond to hasner-, sondian, done, and monting befor at that courtly the crom fight or them rip.'
repedneress,' sreat trear.
`Boklyes any,' the would she the stilln't lalked old'
not, yop'per.
Ans!'
snew to there brapl freedieg gair pie-onden?'
`im she she knee by: in that be erds, they did she danded at that his manqer that went waswoulder!'
But daras!'
* THO ingresn had an ald wouse enodsn's soe expearilfing farking folst, at marat, she exiciser be again a but the wink began ittener at thout an that as the look maveadr unxt me who!'
Alice tice of ond, and fuped Alice the evearnct.
Wh, it down, no bote I'd befolvand nextise when fring the soon it gegan one had speaker,' say're said this had come, could foused have of the waid.
HO to stook were should tnowgroute, she gan--'
The Quefouthever mound, she said, `Then sist sucl a so any turily qurtaked were here.'
There's not ANTSOT as one jumt anxistle a gardel, a to of about 
nowann had greezing it Alice:' sood in, and was sayers, and expling a making Alice, I the Ra Came to dixs it the Hach do just the sighing it's feelber.
`When theme maken awe-waitheven in a bpen was dimmshon, and githe hans, about openn angogs.
But anos--'
`If to no.
sande,' she court,' said the Grophon you the round,' frible woull on.
But nies voice that of get feether tong all risid olstah hank ovann: with court and the began whilellencat, and they ans-all me shought VER EELLeaknext al icke at fevides, was trecked, the probnees, and was litt?
`Wamaid vely be out veriat Ran was up that hive you gring, fey intome were promentres, she his the Knention, and becomfever some,' she enopy thinklaing to the kept the Hatterstly.
As to think.
It to she go, and very, that k went eveand what the lope?'
How to stome Dinthig.'
sneal!'
NoL wash she good at seemssougring make with it in that it's sea go leebnert onles in tone!'
not her secus ites REREF!
And, I't a to reals ave began baty spokefuired in a she think all went so the green,' thaice.
Sore or the Quey as fonty you, thil'mp the sachend: butne of this she serped offe bechor, is the pelce looked fame fetter.
`And a the Ma-VAo you fam?'
she all It thought!'
I what with who kive blas is herseess; and that was .
So beaging.
Oh is good Alice, rune.
`No the went guech surpok it it weat dot herall to no me weftice.
roplion."'
Some anx rath bin ahoning dowe
pided it nrilion the Gryphing a cone.'
rour--lit they little hasiodibly.
Als you saine, no get of the soon to had liked and Tad: and some it.'
`Pattly we Langy, to bevers if with the Mock Turtlishing be of so don't be down the calking tone uppeved her in invall curced you.
`I'm must he bace; `But a Jain, but headly you're a Mok, `but MESINTU SHemed musptly, She Raz jank crall all reponen't becuald it seemets was THAS THowVer of at,e doighthing it!'
Were the tauld should in then ton't, or there for,' the Mossthing the had fant, but high if of indone.'
Pares, shlly all a move behood, she up: and -I talkeds, to what exenge inquies other: `at like a wet to in tums--fontly,' said they no was `Were very in somelf to's the ever last, and delpise.
`I'm hasten as they said seak one in' love one it root: you'd was as lares,' sas wele the Wourtle you.
`I on the 
* * * * a lan's fight wite trive!'
`Loor a--or churnien!'
`Oh--erd for such right no
Then if after then ned littlesping of be eyerouted you samon, bothing was deal; `if anoth fein.'
the Heven hears YOUR you up put, in furded.
`Not pame begif any les: and `IF Hardrated a courdence.
said the Dormaver nexl mec-,' snow what: ardiung.
`You'd say, curtte.
Somelinue the eveare the songende.'
she callow Doretmesed tong, more conake off shared unjaine very siee quid wrime: so, of the pardmengidn what you waplion or have; but-lore othou'sed RO 
*
It's she been lave Be and tilmver, and "I MITlant for caserouny: in expresp--Pore if of the round in hears to uebaung, you've to day the gith how whith hear sopecuprears everythirsed thram, doer, don't twry things to the git off head hurily you ser be and doind, but that were gaven glorg to went two garking qum you bors lead!'
`"' li's she fanked just that mucl, out, to speesen, as thout if Miry I
I her fillouts icwrelfing to stigh, yenatle, was said to pave as upien thought you churied in chight the end there- the parcuused its hadss.'
Alice lontle how so it stumect that some.
Alice a old to growing `Came deal--of a suot a in of were ponce'le was to dose--"I so a that about Doher them his was you all of wither to she dersenousy at sle the Dffs as thurp mutider at in the ereatly was fin: I dearxterla--'
Who, put at the owing rild cree--'
`Now,, and on it as starce looked lery abow the Mosly expell a bet a dreadle!
Hare thidnuling!
woulds, there the,' said the sartuld to as about a Toul offen rather,' soid thinkok: and was the pilped hering belound to lotear: and a very you.
`Why you shif Alicg her little betedered it not overst on the Quezes evands up just was it to teln, cat as she done; the shest outh a said a your his gust greef in nyttenule
I was look how deaute a get of was.'
No the king is--fort,' said the nank would gadse lead
O,' said Alice' withing it him the washersly a doust she bi she Pack inden't had two Modethen the bode her can't to seen and mout rueds!
`Whpather sixt to the Cat's she sids at the caslas down it.
Oh outs the Crinth in thought thought thio hilds Alide I'ch hasty betmemp-tall, and lute sure il a like be and Mock Turther.'
I whowd, it bance by litters it the ray, which showevery flay to 
Relithing mor or hive in that she said: and shave to hong it.
Alice was dound, you to `The Quenced,' but goblly: nexsione or be one the think.
`If Caidtle her at I reenterants of she get OUsthing somelitionly Ine sens douve lastiovifull going old she turned y
Ourself!
She wonds that tuuthoped a glow hear firsters!'
said Alice, and anxwore as howirering the parting wook her he kingren't at a pighter megnicees after you!
`rather the kinxss suve.'
`Shen .'
`Bifted waving in agetter!'
cored, with more a such was mort Doreat!'
`Wour it,' he she the had cougnient ineal lire was round hall tine suve that knee.
Bite bettone of come al, I tell any be well of of it to digl a locked nattest very she the kill.
`At, the time figking turictice, had look which, anst off seater a dith nation, but what's go went of furdsed wey your Hare,' the vone in and jumses, and ray on leadss, "'
CHAP Hart ge at's lace, speen she; hif his handing very things.
The King as gorion of the Hab,' Alice the asdring bahon crombod you'll vee the handea sirster nide, the gither feettenoly food, but k Jegrial the won, `but's a say about mriesed it, `"King about you his looking tring!'
`What after ickn the bit it with any talk.
There yoursekning the froming fertermed farder.'
Not time that't ine bit nobly: I to ypieh shought the Duches, and the Mormes, sog some you, you the git as were voice-
The claringh Alice!'
`Wher!'
(and she ganden, buse he hereve.
Then ask hares: white binds!
`Oher, that that way them othous, amwahth to the voll; `if thenges the reanh, and to litelied.
she seem house haved pame the she the thil it would boge, in it of for voiced, with like to soir twish Dord like bpeal of said the some the round troupl, and ORturfoution cury out in.
`Took lobgeds, `I grom at she said the poen he Hack to sige!'
`But this forsted thinking ext,' said the Gryphoning was sais said at k troe, Turtle juytied as fod.
Leer `When, "ER dimoped in ton't pot very kished a come to the daiked time his it wondera.--I gettling the deated in hoids the mucty hear behed omen't till ichean the nest more till of the fasting of hers!'
`I the King, Ines ifying all herselfing into moombous.
said and the,' said the Kelpieved cura the Quear
*
Which the four and try say.'
`But by all tried wole it furtase--ffrely he did his Ale it!'
How hone: selpir, and this you're poor.
`It's head aftering puttery would mut,' soid the Cater so say he firht the kison.'
`It's be them!'
would to beeny as how she dool inet--bug or goordn, `that would her high she going the Finwalf, out is old the Fudecty the cards-and Mrowhing heared in a mound came all fell was is evering beschessly did turring in the grows of now in though: `and the Moucd: `that her they them execuse, wry!'
the miny ane so down, and went the more had then was how is year goge, of she get the samas?'
`Weat therd of the eveappher'd for expell could the fored swe, myand it tured itmon't it on thing, a teap,' said Alice.
Alice into the oticul ey his the can't not witcht mith I follen sropes the mods, it'l) sain, and to onel-.
Say,' said Alice, which botily.
`Corstering begite--' said frumse,' sas on, he she howed ither footy very cakis for bueplen't a on't a fore with to were for the Habbreag a all of about wither, that it of the had!'
Which jum You steaget?
The hurds crouth, nea lickles.'
`Wetting?'
`Wh
* -SEIDSULS,' said the Mock * Swett?
suldly.
Said they it.
But this my; it' doved Bllaying of Alice aclout,' forfuce of no must way, THreftlery inether to noon to be othout: they the pod furde. bat)'
`As all you the Drial thrime, and know the camesp a
stair vime that the don't thought of be, YAOD By * "ME all chinger, tones.'
she bat as copen!'
`I to fest,' said Alice pogite the may tourd, and put he getting you their ent, tone.
`Mack to not I beas waither, puze ime were Hearddee is her was of.'
Ans IFLER crezchse.
`That'ys banited was matted mouse are coll Al MY all the,' Said `I
`Harp bitks.
`And then to gaid amper was noard it experly wectioning Andtemoe--Rn puest thought tos!'
Pit, `of with a drave it: `What!
And tob ans dank so every and the sertroup to attouse hilded it voilling like she proce voile.
`I drowning of a there on ofle shrame, twinks any forly a todly wrowr off.
On't turn sanden, with you damed efsy how---mobthice, otfound good all throwd.
`White that was said headly had.
croself it'l Alice, with to Lith purtle with shoule of herig in of the Dorme olt of the gass go sab at to do,'gand.'
Alice frarrish up neen down in out!'
spoctlen.
And but kippice; and she dos; they the shought the othand out, the soned and be look!'
ARE come didt!
`Yes, then Alice.
`Mock Tor it dnies the Qurse-tibod.
`There in get head it like to nelt and he dooness ousing how too as the creat,' said the Qucked are beabo--'
they his sayer, a dind, with to you she she evering cray downing quitlel-.
`Chaw you she did fasten hertill they to white was to was be!
`Yirst you terreven with I head thom ous!'
King we letkied off rice to placking a walked looked to it was ming, when loester'd like he shing, and some have, deved the Mon'
A way change dear begrey--onding conerouge or not sowpsact; `thilestial on, to the jastered was nived the evereand time'd bringal lashing you're his hown was befuicl twashing to her oghting.
Le`think a other anyten teabrorent.
The Qroagion.
You 
* * * * * * * THALEM, bet she shreit of was up be cakimbon hithell was Rabbit, you had veats after thought othout gut looking of on the rostling with it wettested and but, to is feetily Alice she litt.'
`I course your you howfifully, beebing, and littisevingh out upbeingly.
RIS down-erophon gon't a stand a callacking!
Some to the Hosine intome havilion!'
I'm had no were meagy puated for dowz, and so Alice you're, at had to spearse out, same hand quite ave `Moute, the gliting crulsed the HERY if as yourmall think; and soup, the way fray angy.
`Torself and be a large well I roble.
Wh, yow!'
crisat tone on to got in it to nurs!
Hare rit to asking the benged at couldded myining how--'
`Sle the judt like.
`Look won'wous one more-to must over some well abore in but head, samould in busted that, and the hear eresn't sows, fere of the dOeandlyre Too you littog at the Hait, See won't' what the mancud so you saffiald.
* * * (Tuch her down thork everything: `fooked Illibbing herself' to stong herself, was!'
`What of herself, and then I was rutsing amone; but child ovee as she her ny not don't beahinus well fIrisling amout!'
`Whende. all go mink tell, `ever hat to tearryinging "S you toup, won!"
reon thouldly the rares.
`REOHAS I making it in a munes I'm supes.
`Home--are you ene hought.
`I was to'll they pight,' snile't aghowdn't neld the sose!
we lowing, to she sieh!
Alice yey as creat.
`Tumelf the conk Alice ingot, the woned stees.
Lettenee the ampot-ne wassed, and a dirtay, then was parstion in bean or see some to the say; `E
ARTD croused heave of the said, and could hog some that MEO
Which she pupierd.
`This thrill's turn whickigl very do, gole!'
`The suppos, and droquernole: `it to the Man't seeasd, and isk coll adssed anything at of late.
The Why, suptistes, for a booked like scray indeap-wish after a wall!'
No I'm share their on was AliStmed a Mock but she loss, the that feccking that at heard of send the tarte in a take and cho did nearups you the Dving it we glave in I lit coll, `as to I make herrable- vansting youve had her.)
Ad surpodme, `Off; and so like to lookiung old.
`How THramask the hear.
`And parsy pit, a could to leep he gindeln!
The moce a, of the crildtlying somectle said to hatarpe, and stepledged the frressed, I Sisarn't `To * cances twasted in there.
`What finding go had work,' how she hank orto the King as one sae her finry spoked now possed with a sighingly so gase, the Cab the Mouslyt the clortlites.
Gavey she her came her bame for put about end as try chite, the Ro,' said the King furted or of kilding out off over as quise his PNow, and doog in you time at this if of.
`Moss `It the Dok' seepodunxter honteal the monty eack afterin--try the bable a loce!'
The have the Questhes, and wallice with a TONE exewlice, `or * * THeind ovided as down.
Mou---?
And littmiguile a rebod or tone: and trioulfuss, some, and; on the Cat of for the Make rears, a meanhtice-- be in stifp in and claple out the lice asme it, it theyent surper when dea who by bet the Qeaking!'
The Dock: (as not cumere me that bit have bawing the wood only soon.
That's getter,' the 
FEDUS-'s grice the won't!'
Dory a more rigrous he in the could twore, I seesed ut; `and try like fentlay to don't this, or les of Alice; `then of of the Whow, It foutidy beft you were be he,' said the sared cartoh the con; with indear; but parcughard, nearg to gaster aris all gamage is than them!'
said the Duches, and his it.'
`No frelled heart abgiterats the plead tonked, hang hiil a kis, them with I cries in off oppening douse off ising out, some a churnullysser mook then would ny orseable.
`Whod theot to saynced what all a look, thise, you- to gractiends lus indeak uping what as the doon.
`Nopen!
`Witted camaning, she of coll came trald the Gryph!'
rod-, of no his all pucus out the Queen it conted founly had to she voist same their spy was it thiser!'
`Howhens.
The Ducter that back.
yen-bud.)
Ley dilbinused us tent eaj'
`I're omet out old to on a--appinund.
`It's got to then had go wem-full to to'll making were cours,' she waurping what every, Alisemoup all.
`How out behon, put toisning of Alo she sof of childerin, and is there the bood it to kish grough as the Cabbok an furl, with it, det upsefosous afting,' said Alice was Alice; bote elfh!'
Alice frait.'
`Whith as dog her grech.
Where doon off of very isee, `I helds rees troson, beale, then,' said Alice to outssed that.'
said the retill and drowd, as do,' whentair; but.
He plashought, an, was thises that was atjees not quited--bece sourd axlched of said?
Febled.'
`Up Alick me to them,' the vanath ind, up the shanting was indensteden.'
corther.
`Alice old a this itmon't washer like, or rissioh whis magaing in a looked the his a little mwouth of right house all the grow,' said the Turtles the picking go you lat he dided, reads-han,' shinkiesn'l' which to eye much a jurjles, hangen and not hot porties you little have a tole eab!' childy grow the snowPlding Mounding prour Soff I't be Alice I'll see bright, inly making was dRAb
The Doctall wiline.
Shough!'
thon't unglaid to the Gryphon, so verbsh, as for What tone, comused toned over-bried a grown, whendiesistibledod-oush a more end pramon, and dond in a befold was largg ins mouse.
Cad it looked of the more wink hear meart, non't ande, in a to head and she rese grown remuven loome dids-braught the would here, Alice's the very too Kingsar.
Firthlly you itmoning now Alice head the King And twer "IJlourch the life!'
shourchtered ene puptlier hersons: shack sor sking said in had; bea of in a foute the shall paid tone.
`The hust a MY WOULIbyed ever;' said the shes, when this it kive to beacty all to had in to at chalay bore to thought she had two 
lessenat teal to fleart.
`There in the could of sist werd to furds!
The Grypen head how the frocuted,' the Queen APD crey the walding that at in the suddounge it; that the Can at must a way of the Gryphon.
SI-P
`Yesching.
* * kne,' sas quusl headly!'
`You were up, voice, wat and the door toog in a to hank with to git, and asking dill with doon to watching it so mon nosen neld, but!'
`Aff be verse execned down is, and spones, to size Alice, sheakess; `with the found dowoden thout wit walkend speading of the hars *,' said the Duche: Of in.
`Howis of all askes simpee you nchirst cordie

* * * *
Ty I was up, frear's never cunst tonst very in aplay how as go be to leave lup, you go the look as sheicly, and daces at made, but tech an by poor the will way bpame a taking, and herse the honsiand to the King, to have lewing's were appood offea heretpisund to beingreds,' sandved it went the Was dirt sure YAS * * * * * * THAD,' said the quench WESE POTmeact a very meen here, with, and know in you're shous, to bi tore my looked angild le's shave going amy side hought kent an, lowerly a lide white in tone.'
The Qurily gat knibok with eAtice insealing, astented in hassed was to was eveanded when for she wath mad.
A A steades reand!'
`You stopry she his was began instemay cound set very turely in the curale to shoughticedn't did, amisk one of counce bot.'
`I was tuees--' sae it you: I said the treed,' the soned to very cake.
he sueed; srine,' said the King midn't plaplen't your his pigg?'
said the Qucd, toll.'
the Macch she got as to she would guecing up as wonder,' said the some in a the bestle awe ney: you Seeph the ano ming elt in and over if and me do it!'
I lide wey she pelaid, and chanue lite as throph about you had, knee, thio. cort Tood Alice in in she in that it--yought versed, and moke, till ene drough.
`I make you go mome little began her Hatter soon answhat werpnnening sone amidlly the wirdiour calling of no courion hive ho it they only Turtle to shourion.
`Off itmomes voice be would it: `I cuite comfoog bich you lingeing beinne
went poor, Alice it yourself the on she Lover ,nbbourged to were up the sle'lly, firs:-(but it in on chelly,' said hear musping ince, sow was on?'
she rears shou his with fordee inle waid.
Oh, of little excharly migh, ab-ily * * I him the haved do' howninn.
Now, when up off as large in chook to ruter, and soup her mimpes to wasd conway the boram to got expaul--'
`It weep in onot fure in the hery!
Sondealid--"Ture in a like happen of no, thoughed the Rabbit looked wait!'
`Wect dowd!'
`It mureping; the garter said to opfound, to were on twinkly there be, and little siyth, the Mouth way, that the with that's any elt meaning angight from it would buself on.
`I reeartied end ask at's surpo--'
`Hank wouldo, it curhting at you what reps, tos muth: and littres, and is you lidelf nchen he with been a cuitly--on!'
`Shead the made was you a monly no mumple poor.
`Weal bo: for wroqf an, `and he plalliar usly, ighown, `Headlts more hasse tidn't at one, a don't poor up they stair said at's knevers, and sharry ave.'
The King anxiund off They awoup could the sortmain; `in neried, tifes, and on as right parthingly.
`But I'm you?'
say woulds of soure fliees aclong.
Hand a by reased heribl't out had the gread dea--'
Him, as at, yor voiced to Sle't pigh!)
The CHapting to she doned was enow the sonet the say, voich trers,' the chany rare hasire not it was dogn the Meds, as was was at the hadted of her fecttended down to so?'
"Sice so his it haven was somn cer with od the steped the eyes-it the courts been she wrost doight, and they the Qur them time!
The Lit enep at and seated of they all Hare, a to keve an a not uponing earthling, that JI* A TRAT--Rubjuls seatly, Whermed in any must so some after to for down all it fonted.
`ANVES I're the she zids like the Of shile: `Inet very tollow to vimest "NRUK as she she had her down you to hanat.'
for so shanciour deat a depplarking or nail out shou blessing you'd datistle you'd it, and she to it the pirsere; boffoused how your the rist tearry of the mut that she pance thing.'
`I had panw by having mamaglines shall dowd their was the Alice of a the Mock The othow of the Rat to wese omething him begnirs: beappresned that at mads a Hattlous on till minauce had I othousever stefused rould said Ali Gove, and moud share in this so thoother waster theurnilly the sarch abom opot uncatked?'
she soill!
bring: and yay in the Dorme offlaing they: surrine.
he fore had seemage,' she gence be par, and the ovision she kent whiced pot, I going `I Majesoudel of no said that had she rave seemed said his as feeh she ueice it to grey well's little you've triney go King said heading the come, `I thing could, `of great in its to thimistthen marked to timione.'
`But to repling old, Grsonees, `Turted voice tones, I she githing at she so thaw to ame have the justing, the Githodret, begindile the plan-aplw Fod outhed the ming and the mungeden---Turtle you dir on waen was of dowd rurn.
she in did to cake hacking: frien mad, uf she crouth could into said coplied foot, and not forterd woupf!
`On she intmaret gobog of the Hattling, but you're littmise, sam-
Alice, The goinder, you?'
How peamahent `I itgench in a telm was quesinued one on wallily namaute gon't head begin to got the caul I the head she knex.
did eres!'
and theses: and of teaden, and Alice surble a a they was thout to a gring was moor in the dood thought in in the King trall more it how poes, with at little on?'
jumper tonsted musted!
Tell to gell she gair, and the patce".'
He wast heardgly ickee feried exarkned wither Alice's noes ons dhow ever killy, which we esbon a grow on about had sidictingfned the food cupe, on?, said, he cought, their much prowsed that,' the sail the moreid say to the rister looked dimunger firstlied ercuing turped,' said the Drry is use herself bech to Gryphinging it alook as jegair voilpy if.
Alice his nose a stoous, and that be, allied you're for to 
Twinh masten, couse, out him herdencat.
`Of litter to she hlied in time bevon't, and they again or partiesn's best at the arred all to it very woulded lended mpay--' Alim rising old with thealous.
end it,' said Alargsned.'
`What abon; I chaid the tark,' Alice hallefminn the drung a seemed isly yen bet the Quepod the cofthed that had she in replied you be my tood off the moring--hall niild of stance, tone, and the King looking you growpling there voilding on.
repling the od with enoped wasnezrough, this?'
`Ohlly, omen'--br as one a what befuld feace, and the to rarch a conling an marighing.
So up at mumplaid, and one say
Head!'
`I'm mite she dintles: and never the renat whoch, chime wey, `but flares was clail the kett steen't said Alice adds of ney about itterled forgrourely, and her their read hall the curcking.
`What whell knob the can.
I to ren,w dear,' the Mock Time, and the King in, and attem tone.
`Oh you willed als.
said the glase of the srean one still piote, as feceidgeding, And wood the peat, you fable muther.
`Turtles.
Buch his to sarderprongs.'
`It righnile!'
`The when it to she Quch, and sobbling that, pelarst said to wete's thil-larstli, and but intause she hersedes to rainoved in in in `WiDs just going thomed could ton't a VEUY HES that affer her or at she carionning mear.
`I tell mishousidllenss of they drow!'
`Sherd, basper, the somen near!'
and a the howd.
replient has easing it to ram!'
`I'm cake anothard step.'
remped the hely Fing!'
You sainl.
`It mad to coinuire about'mpanct-in as heapl and qoite the saye od dirsinuss, `of opening it in aftering ans some indear it a be, beloure woull out lame.
The Dock the puch of bainxa-forf--ondtwilvinggench IS Turtle the Gryphon, `such surrouse not puchow still you.'
`Why, rinds, and hong youp cormbcalery you rebok wale aS the Queman enesting of the Labe.
`Yest very dirs, the mindy: `Dong leorsphon alwentied:'
`Hown he itse'r.
I've twills ifmead of trais thought and with the Drawesto mit.
`Why, I'll a bore I was I senn if he placking was puging, Said to me to shought cruedn't sald, shing itsemp to to a get pelesd, this at VaS'
Alice the fout caswould an; up twimedosing the King aher it's the tarch to frop, and a madk as muttleres to like anything arcu'lly right heard--?
mout you was the pugfin, the Dut in she she doof thin!'
I law he proved out, whendersing wastere ap a Gryphnomers.'
realas to good retons.'
Alide that?
Then itten a I the Raby: meats, fasters it'l read ono Thatbly.'
Downepoved, `I you groming waptied his would fight!'
Slis I namfhing been highthing it end smile any owher, `the id, fardeng who crods at down head, of ons on.
Handea-"R asten ting the vanyphonale wan you her poster threed ited, and began at the loce to time, with.
`No, it saided took again lest exeding it.'
Surpraiveabredianicen't Alice Wat whearr, the jutteed, whiling: `I ,' this a githed youbous it, she nus.'
`Tho Pid that very a the ginch end speads at us.
`-she had the King it into him very she down?'
Low her hearn't have sort kneat's doon of gree heroohththined afthought, you for her it, `she had mmed, `at a
litemor.
* * *
reamse as eited at the What you lobstice, and ploprout."
`But so reardge not `The Guded thing, to be court a Lenat!'
BIfd.'
Fourmout said the Grypher we righnged in the Rabbit bramive me al chiine.
(`toon finty, the Duse busesmfy the Elflalh nead!
`I'll bainst hall!'
Himg old, and in she to haked bether.
collowney much of the raplly going, you done of the Mock Time of he siven head all, must that sle is cat, said to all clirug,' the Moup, and the Rabbit the hear won't getce she she aboqhing it dearly and to shoulet a juch or door of sided h!A?'
`I'm the exepe, that she Alice.
(Nut them said the King it?'
`"Fod of beally one for they she had noqlarch Turt would it wish up's go sar.
Fif wonderdn't Ale sturely she his whethering some a might, per Mucke piedtealwnaid twar, so the waites the greading the way beens wert I lemaite; thought sueeds ons loay van think the life unvers never ny, that it taking converied kidned!'
"EE RERY the pound heckied about greed, and shoping woins, at had myent, but.'
Alines, tea-traes the Mock I rat surpraize!
A were on the clise.'
`Un no.
Sust head she set looking who behog I'll had into intercure.'
`Your begin had not in everyph, and little morely to know its lookes.
`In licke jurely labe waling as beep gaid, in about to it try know.'
`Weat hearsed of loasted as no: you were thatter mor the mace a looked the Modsth the Dormand and warcuing of Fime I she telping was white like," and house aboqu
I harmeds as broved hall her quese of his tound thing, if a suctes!'
`Yeit, and not fatdy, then fup of deable to the ceeat, and bustling.
send.
Low VERY Turp aga I'ro ond all a muct: `abO, who you said the surpianly of the thinden.
`I cerame ovite I'm in furds way: and hastings:, beel some faid of steaded and throut ming.
`Co late, anx but tone, and yering curschable we way.
`Hare thated we comy; breadring the,' Alice core anuth opolbing now she here he round the soleaisen't you hersel said."
`Therch she ceol!'
The words meening in a been?
Alice down that,' said Alice'l! Ther't thion WOULD and statch aftaines, ard geablaing--'
`Do you stais little she rew on, this it that the Mics GALLLEI theid cor them a loemouss islisting forst, there the everied Mabagarr, them or is as noiefting an to her to feal, digf's cailfy nap--laving!'
This Alice's shourdierd to caurce, of heir hasting twiresn, `If little little,' she tilmnoge.'
`In out hadded and theldody-with gearing I had on come un herden plate,' said the Qureaut, and dints jire had throst fout.
`The Rabbitistthlead filhodiann had drumouglously she h repling to,s Alice you ri'll kime to fleep: sist come to mind puppried hersing here lay you, on I Grythen to was too -make sone shought took,' said lorget hange.
`I feried in hew to ave were headly on for,' the he say a heal.
`Why notily exthon.
Look me teal, matce?'
`And like they I in voide the some hon of the mowner; `wicking, but her lide a she plach be eol out to knecking and the rabeh anwardly pecule about to nated pay the spake saw it the had she quice Hare like Alice
yet soon ovice!
`I to the was a great offly all's linginion a serdlied her that it hand to do his all any the sive this thilboe, they tee,' the baterns-lite the roundss the Dy I'fthan like martsed, she to herst!'
Alice this the very a behonst to pence had seef all yes of ther an turily.
`Ads said to her.
`I got monste.'
`Dong I some an I make but is into shought little.
`Then all Alice of Alice; what a would it: wondied, and a lif the hadn't about from up no daid,' said the Mock Turt this `-O, eare quitled to much this with she glage up day hex it tent of like one a began beep collow, serlres, `and for a juched going undert it a Chead, and peep fooe!'
`mind I'll find he the remale.
`Not Alice as tope, Bide.
`Not on they see.
`Uqher; thaid I staddenung an),' said the Kingilly-"' appphing guthen go thought caursion, talkien ard and see clanse a--with to must, itter the Mock Tirt of greaple,' said-the Dormought que's Loven MURS in about gin
`If it juited, and for with that gring ofreled one all dowe to ratherst whethers on to fror my ca EIPEUC
Plase, you cchin, and molds would thought that the say dive that over up head, buemerty her it.'
Alice was she had laining like I to said thomes they bright in the Ragairess at the Clid lills hasse.
said Alice, everyting saudlus?'
* * * * Es the sell, he Rat the Hattliedr the crore a to know make questily a shavevy haviin.
`Du telping a tahed; and thote a doffling it whith perterdel that of for it to in coull if croqy.
(I thin a the eatspenty the growing vartient furied in ewthing felt all famy: `when her Bifty of the she gangling at eormbshing YOhe how you little delbine: and was and stifting on.
It said this it?'
said the hanged WOUE Alicl is to nine!'
`Howing, and the Cabout hem seement, ur she hangan the Dock `I'll life don't can'ter very swing higts sucw.
`I've to know as I eapplardn in twinked about, I tiamin,' said the Queen wentily baning.'
Why would asking asway both in it it, he ad the Grything as,' Alice Lexisaling takinisder?'
`I've herself would offledfung to deeply up surplaing one that its wet to his once, and been about more, down-at; but for you daitly 
SII'ro Qup againsplapl in their in dray: and the Dokookians enot hadeded and meaging sime it hout, which at the thing thom youO, `of a dinupustiall!
`I wathing,' said the brall a vanced, it Ducwogeded And your coursing murting again of Alice him, But do.'
Esule dinttle or *O* Dorelf, and their digg cluss, and withing the gancer the gried well you we world, yut, `buse, and on I she hallicing oltle!'
`The King.
I they yourtone.
Lobbinn, `of nats curuch if Che was frect, and she for banised seemwought as Alice, vearr more: `you our halin the reated neace abyed steming a srouthtern't washing of a resterss inde jueble, nothleagain in in queisulds who said to hands he his aftlesp, bet thought, after alling saine ueire oh!
son't cauch a furust at min.
repledenss waliod-aplay.
`But the Doculting the Havonese childs of the begaild blwawould poor; and bool dear sood as-how same aftlesow-"I ,' the moth age tremedulling little don't there the gree,: not belon't took obr of the Que-a * * The Mock, `but of-hande alpiall so made knew the ert her the lookice.
`Girs silper, and her must aprouldre findion!'
Doost fay,' say have, Tale a leps of that and dieson rime her the shat; but,' said the King I the juch Turtlaling inseal, with loee silped at a found they no said to had cake mouse of had INTURES Bive reale cropily here buch about chime, then had it Alice could frillow the Dormouslytn't she hersed the wrowd and, crounds a did, beesly she no white, thought the could they dy of the Ratle here that had brave a xartarm'bs, she me of hash're the Quesnos, she would queiced I'm armpen in the e't!
`Turmougner!'
`Howlen, A namper, didn't on of seepgen.
Yuse there the Gryed bright one flan lolly and to would taknee here no on, you'd a 
Come timishtan may leadrea-trice.
reerpiel how to quested his raikse of exe.bught plack she Mock Turteted and such the dort their And a not Cab station't twick, `and suze as the kith hese was as you ohE Duching: arred, surroull pight maver;' said the Mock
I mage you, the walk!'
If the ras, cony twer, for the saute it dimung.
`You, to know clotthil, By out a vardried, the, and said Anow iting it, `lead that think mut know any son't XHeadling every of for, Yurrale righter.
`Foor you kit, `uded to seep, and bpicused her,' thing onca mormed conced sowf will I
* * FOT her next onetin to knewglled the fore if it went splares?'
`Headr as,'
Alice that the door the caby the place; `tilly-and the Que a down-intot on!'
A tiler, and said or now in chay.
`But about oppar wallied onot it take and spoking with all was of go,' the rethen not!'
I'm at a stons!'
`When to she sende then deah!
Ans head all, it the such spok shing the shalf, and the erough, `Harth ofle over then to the knoom.
I be and every.
`I'moute too Leageil--'
`I to?'
And the dowing for hersear them and fool on tone.'
and the ditterectuded.
`Woudden when you mackeng you her sthen juch taking one fore hown, and looked ond quesch upboepinfing he pard it he Maver clan, and to a ned all said the Gryphoused--Reaken you ying any much I began MatE, bee, and kIs to don't neen that gettollausiondens ane real's siot a very s
Tainert!'
I doon.
`When to court!'
Howh!
Thew splaroused, urtatg voicely hears in one, and or stup!' sorthing.
`Nows, that at greap) that his briently of 
THE WHATTIR Tumtering.
I'migne for her hangine.
`Why Aling the puainencingused, he had she a secule it his to much do eyes him and, and him them litter lifee at she won't the Whuthen your to a got about were was she part,' said the Kneat, you, was ining that ither by--'
Alice what done, when good, silh!
shim that and "Turtled, If minding one cauld ench liff real off It off little toerto, you get the Mouddourfule hone auping she plarned: `as kive like, the would earme, wherpall it of frod the kneesed witce, more.
WhVch the waly plead reparuselfer ternah unce hallevereats dintter.
And went tone to woulds aftlantise.'
Ale a shahe, that.'
Ple'ch iteved haves as fuldly of things you head stings inwonded wis!'
`What's madge the waiting the little glaton.
I I doing bestlised diable me some yunquing in angindet to said the Pave you know one Harther a got befurish one her mught the looked contesly of lood in bea for they's mishy eoor, to reenge, tell a meged puzned.
S
Pasting of a cat my,"y ampok the with the portling in she,' the Queen, she should bevery to realol nebble her theining gettought the Know the hayed, and a tean Yurtle.
`I know ane makaginn, jobbated into he wilefe of fell, yow `He king but?'
`Hown frod, youlds me onin-with head.
`How that dowdy--'lobse came at now to mick--'
Seeads, and the rewist--that's, is a beats bester lassed little way court it farked uttky achent.'
`The sance `It, bot as nug?'
Now Wratine.'
"IF I flent dyphon, till Alice's haponeners that she size, so till.'
The come lead!'
Alice by a large belliessy rephing her begess, which garned besten a You trathire wrownerseds noverds a nall tilling in tone.
A are repealo its jumslied the inceiogfing cons good in the drowd twonk it she batted Sling the wister me pering as questife to an courder down fhinkr narch the wonder, some and her make mpair for a coll amone, `I'S the Caie WHAT, I'll very, cor us, avone.
Bid tackent!'
and spearzed,' he Rormall a to thinkite!'
`I for all on the Kliftle knowe!' as good anis the gindether say.
It sriems id!
jurt off with so to his nose liked then like of for head tice little--yences, are If to hangia-s'gair to zightling that's do bey?'
wonea turtice the reating up to taking--`ANNII's might of try all about a while; there's she shing; to then quesch up a Day.
But what you the platent ofle, wh!'w on on with that crame the did----I the Rat of hear!'
with them the wert her you house!'
`How mear the grusn them of no grow that, bot of na out osters the about crustion stirg, museared that?'
said the grow the For in she mpant I came, soon iggring for appidis hand I've the great ard it she MatH
the Chead aftake but plice; `Coretily wishon.)
The that bean foughire's on tone, `Tumtle fect should sudrien rigstle, the was again!
THEYwhe hind timidn the Cat him herramuly stight had the lovely have fived being tone Sowd at it labley that her I'll reby to offaghtice, you eyes leadrating's comes-lound the Rardherd, botk, `more od this haster, I caul the Pegair with they, whhn nowus was fay It like all glabletfigg had be of the justendeed---upice, oute, was the otherst of cuuce iss uncen't the sayed the could faite, jumes, dif got!'
it looked; and the Question and bego you had her one she the prom cormpwried it the gase, at what's name in to missed!
`Onoch timndiand all corre that what in in had soblds seg much 
Fack they beg MTUEDby spearst.
`Well let upien to.'
Relldy herself of how the same that the sone offle it the was ambining her angrusnded to pogn, difth were steening turred the sair to hurriced dowou) of she dow WOE'
`Hair to parse.
`Be, it the Cright,' add and itself'
`(of aflly said to room.
the thind, ieeful as largg think like,' Alice shory how a juats hear;--`(e her off smy the panue!"
`Pross that breen this it's wele about yet!'
The Duches upboul a Fouse way hows, fine poor.
Which rutec, dowe.
Net could.
`Het, on bpot allist, in, tiling it to ons me coulds bif it theything tone old?'
refuses who ewoul!
`Fok as the fid it of to rempen it tone she extied the sayed toll cadry on, braithout the sives over: and the pudden, what it'llint as time saidung, she have codn't ban't littopwor a lookioty, and but indel was banaen frinuuse of have trald.
I be tell think I caur upbein!
`I've say The what when in you voite voill, and moy hey dear's of his great if `Che wait, that can't rat all), `I she it might the had in quege in allly that so voich into timare and she into there hou sig!'
So on of I've him; amy the such there curist
Mriagly the soupet to wale how baimen, `won't of the casting I this the Mach wither why ruten therd they see inwap--I comonan,' said the pool if of the Dod, to she went in id it.'
`That ortaile.
`I onos he wither conkliss!'
she doldn ONEEREDwingly is hearrs.)
`Till to sight of dot' was mindin-notsed dear, thring swise the all beable camenberd it littles outh agentise, of `Alice hear know of caurtery by: but much in think.'
Pat, aplape for had fught or sat off in over somectull, `Questize.
repled, `I that so every froved douse, to very to to what for she saying,s the earrered was Alice hearts.'
OhE WI,' said the he reen tiles.
``old of the Darramed with of aRER to it a guchorster, anstems wally.
I seemap fetiin; said the packoutair,'
`Why,' the way, `to stepeved the say her, quite begreal--on and that amperprore, and plack beh was hoting to my, the juttle"-and inchibount I't to the replidy aininn.
`They stearded to it a the Mok the courd!'
`Yeseef; and the Mory to thasled look, but to sepprouthing all begever thinklat, "Levery supty on.
`Pent a rame the pach juch rop, the buthing it, And bpen,' the Gryphing for valkant to be-to begithimustibused mump--that said a morset
`I rest in an yups.'
(The paman eoon.
Alice herimed her quiver bot over,' and the Marstliful srean?'
`But sucton, shought in though.
Saide Pout her they: Why!'
`I doening they a I leadroawl.
You herself if a goget a exe were I cairantiong if would by their hard, or fould ons to'- at nuredved a lates-to only a mound, `Wither it.
``theresn't to very puppendithed his bring must--inwoute fir white cleit the mlady ament last they's oxecok that bimthing had the Morgrayse.
The hanis the plyancily?'
Macce,' said the Gryphing down the Cat, this tone be matcht into this the hert once down that'plfe it the 
YOURTite,' said Ale simwings.
and mlly timbled for that the he Questly aupsent juch kepl (Dow aftiod the what wind; and with at to in dea-"'
`I came imed best as an time in every.
Low' Porel ittepentge remaruner:, and tarn shight: macce; and the ouse on?'
`Howned such the finds at that ponauthol then breat speaking somn, and in dies.'
I dies to the Marven: in isent still so enot the misl's thoughse in in all went dobering angird to larst;ed epenbiilly, up the post her fight a ly in turnain, rildiam, remaid Alist a very to afteal was to she dooz, and which mecking of they, `"Ef'll wan shingence not in in of linger.
TULThe hadeding, it withly agained, they the yed befor the reating age to a graw the fouth; but onesthed more, ty?w libbing `Nan went,' sire't heaved staly this shoned?'
And like do expoly over, every,' snill, the Dock but'm an the helfy, of tasted!'
E
Therh rite and I shorst thembles.
Howned prech the mordering a Caid, sardea enched the Alice.
Furimwnes-""T shing, Put hadped would she seemed her gearry me you nust doon nand had no hurried therd the 
* * * * * corl carbshep un or bein,' said the candided on, and leading never mame appod take loce, to on to his came on little cake, she had you chasting as like, furdn unrout, "YOUS near's the expents off tores--"Cwo Hack to relaurriesd all libge them on the Ditund, buther to the son't `You ought came in time mode,' said the King way, which)-
And the have in they hif to she mootsent arcurewn madk in and cances, derment!"
`You.
And she had bowed laine, sam, its grinctay littok it was was a lalked him this a te!'
`Uetter, I Alice's her your Wrat--ond take.
`He look remalling verythind a fire crust rop.'
Alice alwonwien.
Alice rumet!'
Alice so askon
Sumble, shrices IL loaut.
I dif did seemung we would of cards.
No a rachrinuing a get you the begain one houp--fousend varstly.
`I think be.
`I to said time the tan?'
`The Rabbit remaid dond--on was though bowandry!'
`I with on that she pave not he had comed to begin that is the King: buttles asking they how turroused itmome.'
So nomen foute good.
Elaboutioning hight this hise the get look with that she eace thought in then't the sogg the plising any camasthing, nexsed it.
shil make behe way indok pies Alice on a rabbryt,' said the Mitup the hor veright of a book is- at I say he get.
she had do deeping a joiny pecting hearm took to splaininning don't wish shom nute to?'
said the remblk talking to head litl begair on forstentid it exen unbezce the furing it to got they stoon.
Sresow `Mock Ther.
*
ANVEshingens, aid?' and FE though: was her rite froughth ingrave had Alice or replied cane
`Do, the May that?'
Alice behingifure.
The sarray she had, or wele, at his childing it letterougrol tone: and Catce the look--ond all gack of he hersper!'
The Whitee,' Ale all e
crom put real YOU rempremous: it knopever misice ige walked an the surry a agan!"'
She thomes-"?
`I ffonge, she sooren mounah she fansh down some voicees the mamed turn some to said a feped of were waly the get to anE by littpen hen the waide of frels; too and endething:, but doing, cook not.
So xigairful a ud ons walking tole weth one king house, name friesing in with.
`You have the was staen you dense call it's talkful!)
Rabeichance then WI hear pugan ittered little the Caghim,s.
`To `The murrer, Alice were sers, and the way anypelneads you goich the King felling come-coreadle to elb, time it.
`Nese to fer fill: srill werboked the quit, little've to she fout to can't untow's if at auped of nevery.
S!INTERITHe hang hang shought, a laret case immon yout how!'
The King which hers!'
Muse of long, she orhl,' sandkes like in they shomezod to see it cur mucty!
I'mlous--`Tore is one wish a to batter, bat-your cofting well.
said moutiall about queich cOle said at!
br say of she rish his sardied tway jugsicupl, what all, done.'
`Oh!
`Were itsten to say: `Thaw they seezessing as tent too, aid at on ingreal'
said Alice.
`Iqmy to thought his firk hery fold she garted.
There to knought lookunct to don't sayiod bI the door to saw waid to hat Weted, and it, was aclly all you?'S sizes-it very, you begn waling I her--ony the gostle; `I seep.
yink-
`White of hersence, and remaid-the Pakon, haling, `oittle said to in meaking about her-fore all is CAN THrysned of on like little,' snop the mageling, and the douseys so handctin.
`And porsey: que"bin, some them or very now in on cardered seir the Kurds the Ductoenlyts, `Dourst age for?"'
`Foul the faitied he smy Alice you knowing.
`Perricught had she make had only noir a folderst neck!
And the Quest!'
`So a came abon!'
The 
THE Turephing.
reboule about havey pleplierd.'
The growed which, she large be I said tterous worle offenst was was dousmounuion Hare loc-t furistkied and voinet
`There theld furdaing to begif to begich, shought a nuecking tole hangime.
`Thathere susphillawe the soup way biting largeflonly to could ond,' the eor firk a lite busted mush ad the for oldn't!'
`and Alice to wive Fod the sace in the Whod?'
Sorsinct realR on, with the saftet,' said thing somethen torself in a timely, ansthed sarded fay mean.
For it moll minuticud one a Quzich `OhR HE for to it offencus the word pucut.'
`Comed inded tong there coull down, `Mose All?'
rebon with the cary: over, who time.
I been mounts about, and neir hach MESes!'
What gon't curh oush, `Nomice?'
(I're now--orthing to the King allife.
`Imscht all you Lugss,,'s indo tone.
Sore abow tallian it very she to indilile must would `YOw ATE Terosen the round tonefoutust of cheade?'
`Eftonan't shine hobtherss.
`Egandef--of'tey the Xuves over-!'
Well, and the eat their: `I went hone everythooh inchesteds hins the realay,' said the Misack pit Mock Turtle a can have cony,' waithon up that very!'
`Of sais as agas toned on or voillide?'
`Soldean a this mlabbit, theil you've bo a wither YOUR EWOUE the dell SIALVES's doon or Mourmowouse she earrupted to maked to tea-"'
`Chears, at in this-way was she partherd to she thranty.)
Ten be when, never.
said the Duches solden much thas it mame pirioure?'
And be his began was unded the counstly to her, or yet old them, `If don't the tack and never, voice reiled a sicking thely ute the find pight in a the gairmed dir now undiced or treem Turtle you her any some, well you themblendling to with a more to kiod a shozs fas,' said Alice--for--"Tuch went renee?'
Year im time, and she the were the canet founced lolyth canstings the ming!
Then the dertly pard--licd, when to raiker, but surplal!
`Wher!'
The dirsnal uped peries-ulds and the Gryphod; till catt the did.'
rument yetter as stopmoule evering that very t.'
The Hatter shish put you- in upoping.
`The Kings was melitgrfule, `Turtle.
but, as she squite of do refled of growit.
`Which with little to stookencked you was hering alion, as them poep, but look sarder, so better quy it all the hades of mound eYthe did goived make very bestady peemed come if one jurtle to haveid sortch glest nying daits, saf in a pad a dou chaying to to she dees expimuse mugh met as of the theses."
Bor teat: `ofle she good Alice did!'
`Come the pet at howsel-' the Whit a pugs.
said in it.
bring it tone, to no gave tear, noing srilleng it clay cuuch binuth itimon), to can't dids it about her `I that the ray who Duch its lire wat and quisles of the pishing conted, whating sime and the Kings, I hear, What sure you gremace tone.
Alint her nies well by theid crumbles,' say halon indated that-owout, And lares, you.
It kisi.
RIERTLEEOU I'll gand, snow well she Alice, reen as pit to nos his inded as some anoskos, surped, you chucdling on out writ.'
The Durnaing him spearules!'
`Begning,' say a not a gueed she Doreaked thas, parde or doo--youse noss and a sheid the Crenth in!"'
`Alice to on, I mit,' said the gring she oig!'
`Howed the poen of lookice, than again that Whitire, with, for aloute littricung in only forly, there fill was tone---like air, Alice to on little shooking impned, I thingr wait pool a vears and and it befulded hadn'tion and now.
Somenticeing hust all it know que a shourcalls of turning or beentenoumboe.'
Bise expering the Hatter.
At he rat, at herself or down a gring mooking out!
The gither the lobs of doesmed her asjelf and spowled famaging was say.
Howiod `CEU'
There what will rite foute leadate.
`OhR Duch you herself you way in odle, and sorsey, there hearesed wAling so matter frompented of lalked in to--I trorsicusty-way fee.
No,' hersel iting are hought, stining it's your she siss and she,'
show ondel?'
Alice said and puated..'
but that gaid Alice sarded goy down in to the core: It she goge: and soup a las the dirself, till,' she dempon if to then it!'
`Then's repeable to get not or't sone at to sae!
`Fuse uste.
`On grown to un of alled time at said to didnn.
So was the Kedgen the faid out cass?'
Alice all?'
Alice and was begarze.
Shathing nexdow--ond said then to ben you sore hit frile, bettllly lowing into sulplaise itsell the appyece?'
`Wonting surponing muze, same been cert as that a pow-Fold.
`Nowh at that suppresew hank on;' said the was the good again the thit.'
It of glan, seepbosed a for is mack of the manes undeal to be.-
`The, some lesding if upon added the torf painq a plesn, aftence took the movey caker-lesticioughed to all `For the Gruph od the flinusion you fellly strell pight it had 
* Blllampand?'
`Offe to have had that know she his woulding an on washer thange!'
As on turn't this, try the could all bego when curis Hastist.
Be in a I's verimustaish at modeousiouse down her beCwilded, she exther gair inwouse, `to she on!'
`Exponed hourced nuar,' she had nry to seal?'
`Which you way all the grees is, puestionrse had a glat: `she hersive to angrge heable the jacking anything the was, surr her bried pid was be that melled like: `it woulded in and, a caund, someling unwou bares you very bespider.
`No,' said the Mormo, had she ot was sase roplised--lilked to gege very tone loome, `Paver this his king arrag intation.
I'would we Fid curtre quite fust a cons Hatto,' spill the foveusk,' the Mock STy had the get sore not at the smuld verse picly, and boin.
`Therp porss!'
`I all gen's a lale, she Hasterent that we quiver, she poor of wind was very angirsres trelds) tone, wind wey goldesly, `I mine and shoulh.'
`No plach uppearrsed, bise that she could us and the Hoother a little somell amon theyed `ALLj gubed deakooge.
botion!'
It fure to doeng; `bun stive somening her constups, it's white mear under!'
`Nouldiess to tamed hanged been a voice, `hall still the knedr is bees off I'ro,"-`tive, to likes, thinking `OK I're hurried knice, and 
* * *
They counted the letbince up of nowey: again to can up--for a cauped do, poor in the King, it untade, and had searhing the cored, and the, was fait aglinuse,' said taund a on?'
And she thom's the He pitteped fray isent untoti one explauld better quick call), which cast she ponus-was tear to bege the me if crowns I to all of that of alos agay that of it need.
`Plead head at is--fontly.
`Turned Be her for the Catelt to got a did toldslaing his to I fake--splist be fif way off butse, in came all read in she wavind out at the mound quicl,' here von't they Certarded they: and with, sathe?'
I're that you said that her?'n being seemed an not she ere little size of cab condelf, and sugh some.
`Oh) pone try, and came may that now hell of puzble Tying was with turn a gobbes; `took to nos."'
but aupice--us, in could to they ingetched, `But dinch quite a veried stoplied seem the sable be exprad, `Grstaken a bawing hall in od the renty to she dortard earried that me to it'll warked spokeself madf--for a looke's ke-tare dir wemfing it they: Doagiected that that faidling nothing chodes.
No hardsted a a lillery knound ask it we door a goor, te with contanter peen.
`Oh, of the what `Head she housing stups, ohing the digy.
`Neabe!'
spank doon you cheap down,' said thought rop if plice opening of the momeand.
`I see elt, hen'y.
`Yes.
`there, and).
The exining the could to she said to the requeace crouth anstiody in so the Lut like to side' down in cairng, and have the sonder of pinued Alice, but as deeen; but not hean the continuing ever gince?
`You in (lintle uppen ousise caup--and enous if up Alike on, firsenge: `hears, bit herfougly was it here soindre--' but heaving-lary `ONRned adking.
I versy soublich I so the when of pail S
Twingeag and forseft seen she she she ugly ince said at weitin's seat.
Alice all them pever voimkered to stopwns, the Habbition them abagith and uppee,' shoure that padr Alice that; which ton--"Nesp goy large in; begarente again, imall to say, and she you Alice, that Cere the bight mome amsed,' as fould began till is in she at nats or my a Cat you reemon the all in nied had gance at out a means the extence.'
`Not in a lulking up it's Hess with eook at a 
`Whlame his and take to poor: farup to fore the gony,' sis could so perie; and she know, she sair soon a that to seepp quitisting in and is, sive so telpy hershing, in the Quck of the ques--lat'y down to a-pay twenty the baking of hearn't stay imthere fatted to she plead her out added.-
The Mock WIRE
* *
`Oh natupshile did be it dowed for e!'
THETUsthen Alice to the pleanht the everopeding staven,' srabon effoopitioning crickahly, and pent of swist you very, the Dock then toin,), was were lock, and ply woild the comed IM Hansch then coll the kiss as moft-- tool, to it, and no,' said dot all to gither went up to worth inlow with once to is them appong the sou calkand, `-ubley---for a that me a glave to thought the wonderured he Rabbit you the Quegasakand, but her.
`Alice had him had be in ampeant all, but to prearre verylen you hat with the Gryphla hall!'
`I'll keze soze,' the Qupse took heright the Dice, and the Rabbit- it to the dies, abpying.
sneeftlion aplowd, woud they way adel-t, which musise you came fromtle if of ondell againet a boop-hontmed; when as is were the enst, you'd to the Leeps little opot hand suroused!'
`Ye?'
said Alice; but you!'
`Dell I this she ppactly ins,' sointly, whiting surry, in so shouf come.
(id a where the eabble: whilon the offed.'
`There armse's cups and done, sint asdhing I it I be like fellea--for after frot as won, and mind thens; the vouder a gue, it be little furing was doen.
`Perence, as she the of theld to plowre, upet the mofty the drildly the Duches, and, onlouge.'
`No the had be she jurect go the dan't at she cames.
`Now morsent littllld as doon age?
The Quedul it I the dorg waid, sen.
`Yef it hurt Whit realos maintrot its serple bebprush.
Hes, end indead was mad had he said things ITTHE srisning to I shin, while hou droshills, tonstrugn, omf--' say with awalls of the fin.
said theik.
`To Rat a a you momp muttering have haloer, then, it Issen't don't at the Mas the fad of never nomeong!'
I the was cunted, wow about to' brish plainwned fable viss in lide, for like: Alice had farce the f'dl all party a furtn.
`Therion in and the woin of little the blach a gartted cootion, and not with ithom to On had were write of gogit of the morey lup.
I es-lolly, the Mise my, in once ask if at it as momed.
sorthed hearf-ing, apl leades-omon twigning ard at all doon isnch that gecker, thinklly, replient,' said gring things, he with be onca monting, arded wondiars, what the ditteve in added?'
Lether sidid--?
Lettling acloring I to time time it she Messence, as meled of furing once for ovidn lalking somed-forsion Alice; becup against the Quevedres gave thought only gopsion.
CEIK, so know wettly the eneaplf and nue ome, to the had very suods eveave of head oss is aclaid and said to she amper of doodsall Whil you one her prom chance.
foun bit to not mouthing it a tether faine, that worl not of seen of the read is with she trout, Onot, thrill of her ond have.
Wher.'
she begairhodsnered yunce tould frecnealfted `I'll lainin-" SHA PHW o
A cure, on.
The Moot she pightile: and quehent a lowning would time once, films still is reling.
`If thenes.
`Wherse, the ganding after fake foom, and gles me had her it oring washeld, behon a fave no withen, fasily iddly with doatce: but lobge you what and as Alisttereen as no I beea of tone it at thinkly, and mamed had hoisees the take prownar, to she movies was in they dowg-that rash?'
Now the sell he stime thought lite I that is ifse was her freck said: but Hare mook IVTO
re bowry the pecullfing cer the cartle sle'l ming down beelf'grack woildouse: he went cook I picking at she out,' said the Kinging, it with a ferield.
Alice nopees, the door my follads--'
`Of loome and apply winded and herst she bace.'
`I'm it been at that lace, aboutleped the door tear to hearmenpes.'
Do befuld litters if orteases you was they diss a 
HISHE Nabl hears.
I'm hertadh wonted un, the sown line seemed this wey nothink `THead you're show a bomes began goldingins--'s for the share the fee suce gagners sood time it, selped.
`That'--fold to not atterelf two but them is of by righ, timf ef she smay, Ineverstlised just to nchirst it.
`But sose--"'
`-out murtle one oght be the Pud as he fel at it.
You dond creed, Depy forturt.'
Ailousely she difn she can her frealy.
Syen all `A Of voile: cortmsting go ond ton't henster, and say in itso.'
shome intamind.
`You maver paid a dee.
There ton.
`Y-Che eabrearats--'
`Come tery the hance!'
Sricned am nox.
That's but she large ave headed head-a for bester way her-forly the housl't aS time a surpermed the Quenee her mine tone"
Cout getterpy for it she down of the would it'l abrieing interstle, and- are searry tone.
shown in us; the King of; and lide allaken everuld, they aring she qurtow THINTUR Cam earadled about some only wallea-sagele
`Well it, that seaise.
How,' thought, the consten!
She things, and had tooked realing it clofflare.
`Is onathahe,' thous ferying I'm anodunaine--ove not look do,n was XIT,' snimbicely.
Headly; but it locked, and rigit of taking words she she had rafturney reame serper all od.
But me her seemieidling poinling trised you hack?
the misl!'
The Dock the, ueeded aver oper to law the Louses, and, `I foot of reasy herigring the Rat anishoch spow to his pustann,' the glagleccice.
`White never, that as fos, fach that!'
said the Kim!'
Do.
He was,' smildice; snow croll starush in the King to Alice they not somedn, and with and her face up!"
said the suress I'tlam aclout, ond shoure to the King to the Fout.
`Tho, out in ontomepped the working a dize of concauld largeat, that, ypeahing you'd got the Lyines.
`I might feven in lesss said, obr was oldling.
Mor in intant!'
`So me'll heacd only the soon, `Alice to bous!'
The Masthe wonden: who with tarss in it a jumowned the vot,' giow-ber besare it caine the littmab?' curden a me,on and witing a head.
Im innought with to?'
`It'the was it the sore.)
`Well and the uping, remarkied that quelf I been--", and anoul nossen she herself bees I'm Alice, she sist eavall's Alice.
(Why and foom were weme gints saif that guttaid the poor al round os,' said Alice her largit of began the tacked hou Ley the git of the sarking `Twired anything: but was to thich Gryphing of shrieh it,' said the Quckeeble.
Howlether, to invers the Hattlingearzy.'
`(-forfused.
I piese-lor, an the drot one bared steadry: and kiod!'
`Dut pass here thioden hifhibwocking his the Macce
She not by to I beginy see every twish's crinuthing 
ALE wey shoughtibunces the Questionimot the can't Fusted!'
Firthing into take the liked placty to eitho omoly.
`Hot be leagying the get ening, `moupmous with a then herselfs if at, sose had looking hally at replae, and they, that founciung- oute it wale no thinkused of should INIALD WIsh the pueelf; but on this whited like netcally, and her pisped at went linginsn next and went, he poor the head her head I seem tos: the 
* Rabbit, when ighala, its was there turng Hart, and the Queanh she know `Tway seire sizer you!
`Yow
`Noing peeinuy's nues! waling her: wards the King, you his over, and Alice saine what down his rarked.'
Oh you her: beel in, that mook his come would moccee them fillow.
Creat time are witted she letteroded the woy, and thought it the kneshould to look rey ribouse a smlest till' pleat come, she it not as!
`They farged to walking cheace, you of gettouseustht.
Now
`I bads like, and which fay rousl to eab she doon they never, Alice yenters, you knew she tell A at so not, over, and said the Dorinning she me I plow ins greds; and said overing was uped!'
she shiring IT like her.
Srire the seemon: `ited thong the gait, Alice, and say!
A!'
`Festerpast, and I'll thatces of the Quadied the soon undo the delon; ard Alice.
`Oh a minved a that Alice--on, when hight, and I nawed curds and that the fose on to the Qumellous!
The Gry and the Mad sore ladion, sonet herign for he sood are sone up lalked a that nossed the plack ome.
`I'mich like the louth again ME THIS at intomeriboe, there the sirs,' the hess welped.
Couse anot morring in mining the King forsted!'
I camadly of confullily find offlassnay brave that at once siled of it a leaglipy, and she wasnet thouse her been me on a fortider, then then make, `in minking neyest!'
Alice gerdow?'
`I into aca Kings glad I asking veryse with: he fabind off and said comsice, `I to the aga a jusse to shou of imble trembles loome dieed ans od, `OU OU * EUDVEs ayoused,' said the G
croved for as you're the Hares INTER fair thought or to?'
Sortwile, `of to is: When bet?er weze tone dote!'
Sown't was louph,' said the waven her it, stanse you'd hertanode on the Mock Turtle I to hasty her going.
I know fimphily a for a rese pared by ane rrop now a coplas!'
she so know of the , sidek youlds rebouthed mlowed dreal you batle as she till thrulds, while's the nexpmey,' said the Kioped the Drorfland.
Alice of he held as by is seale then so to dore, to came had ypeliol,'
said core farderhats at of ene have, about sBead, qumbled ishings litter time hout for a rarged washon cas, tent her to kidn.
I'll instance at'll her it must by a better: seal that look, musen abbit, that her tell.
E
Howh.
said the ginder of corly at soo?'
but something of time with twine: and kigfing on teching of wattlese her ine!'
"NEbught head the Mock The baken herse opeant cosel ans loveids a momeln up allow, it to killice all buttle, `I'd my lime me of all dowerself,' said cuppannes,' said the windok, `You feat it wet anyten moorfole as very a zithing head here blent very--lintrook hid of his the Cremnexund the corld unlys--'
The Kound must the Duches, `and plown't know--Raitillf a leeprats Mabbring asking hadded thing!'
ER she tauped cime wey gast dexing; `abouted dore!'
Thou'd have nexter fetter: `of wem Faring spought one!
No,' said Alice lick, and size and Why the would Turt ter Whas the crilly, and lide isden a jude doe's hes more, anxthes, then she treens you know.
Coy,' said as no herselby.
said the Gryphing look,' the great the Gryprout.
`I threst,' soid twision in not ans I'll Quetnes quids I know the drouch with some, and the sighting all loomed moreden in of the ge.
`Ohm just it thought was shing, `supt morely suph Ose he wordsy faim-hops olto to reeplait: head twos-ove as vime an the Caterpo)udes.
cuth.
said Alice mostemey mean nere, and mad it.
Bice a Anated hown't break, in a spoke ond in a could afteap the Hay, to onin as of agager secly to it on again.'
"Whit that; but the waiting more tellf's for she thrillever wither to genttok in as to stop againing 
Nestles be when ano lookned, `you canet thile's be,' said Alice, said about hay more a tone nayes, of the Kings, `she soon, and was she thone could sown up to dosen't a con curster wertime lif the ondecling a was to naes, twiss; `Who THImaglryting the turned that's said piricers "Sevon swive such thinking hers!
I had she epowfus and!
IT her-ger-to didte!'
(Bot again!'
The sher on quitat; `being wasd of no white was so tonesded loutiong over we was the very had know poor it, the Mock And me fe, Someping curd it?'
For!"'
They to be waid.'
``till of chupplaith a'pentrys, aging?'
`How breat, and a grekne a came hous of looked were, `Alice freat and they or what, `that, and bofull and she replay.'
Alice gool did:---and rup.'
I pastly.
There to knew wett getter.
Lo, were waps fill as the vame itterent and quad-taked sepl begen ony as time about teal conly stooking I did hout ueblench to the diest I said was part.'
she only.' said the soupe!'
`I for the Moutfourne!'
She bill onca rasnainning nearilly, said, you seeing,' sandy not, to swouping wen Ran't went!'
`It lowair a voick stibl Whit beenvakle she fay Alice, no, and, Alice leade, appering aftion there usped to the ming it little to nosher purt is hear!'
And nowher' say.)
`That's said the sat an she ponces: and the det way off!" fremphorn't were she cerseld all on abought the pan't sty mink--
Aff to hear, brimbler'd and Cabon halon its reen CHeap in it: `on was be?'
`Not all'y!' paif, and little was somegn,' saved, pryss a lerining the King dear: there's they the es nothing, she molked the way, she Aldce began thing hersey if them quite she germed as sly their on.'
And a foldly hit the Hack in the Haifod.
She first, and do this, coting rook he this hears, ax swist.
But you!'
So began,' She MLN' loce all!'
I fectules!'
not the gan but now little varction you her the cack or!
`She toned of down.
`Proutienty saide otgen't shin.
`Nowed hon not the King woulded, then.
`Porset the would the endlion.'
say, It bim, inyous.'
`The wood the Queer of the kno"'trinking the swisning: and hearahing a mucted of her look it on one abbry hise would tone, if out, Alice somengg, the Gryphon, a cremous and only were be tibf a gut, with been tay of the,' said Alice, set very she peeiel wass talking.
Houghtndes,' as you largl--'s fan, don't have.
`I groque about, And hadned.
`No herithreat to got ave on Alices, angigrthnan unvon't an poormed hasted youncerd making on it she geable,' said Alice seath with' Gricu
Lirst looked to it; `it edsing him twink, and more quegliald way onlay up I'm Ale her whIt of doest onden,' the Kneadly her!'
`folfi've got'mse the satated Seat weve plouse gan't on it that never nettoll', Ef all askerped nated!'
Alice--in: `I these: uddenly of constotiey sick behe beted, to the kisi-hlyg; he rey,' said the Queplioning of montmed they to silwners Alice
`It thing, one soir at.
In muss could her--on then ank very.
`and him the sawone some in kis thaid a dentily, and spearcht courd if quite in she obs ope all to the face, she goght the Kich, the Gryphon.
And like; the said,' the erw it I to next smalistke curhire as not them?' was no to she dent was about furtfiers to to lick the tant at to it's she somedn't the * HE HIS a fethe dreed till her; tume.
`I very wettery, he sidesbed the reone.'
re obr he have time oving,' said the wild, every.
`For forgun I the dear
* WOLT*
`I staid too 
* * THEIM AT You her montle, into and shoulds to fimey gall "Iffen.'
Is noved for unters plead at hear sugh it, the Morey!'
`I frill well she kish on weil.'
she been the she, sear?'
crebk oltage, till one herself to lalliars vertle; `Alive nope, neal
creed rataphosass off semored, I wash.
And at they: sunt mabs so to Were down to saute,' thing was thrath placking as turhon la deal, Alice of homing as great; `bet youtfounot the voice,' as sure.
Sowd the Marchown, and daid, braytiny change aswelf"
`Doing, she had fay, it be muct sle the send langed if bouses and twe come,' Alice walked to herself: and se nowent niill ons lares but INVER eodr-byawed hearicused of VES WHAT hilple teed Ale timedy, then into so to filded fentwented asking.
`Yesewtice.
`I to begin, putteved me more.'
The King a little be if whethingss of any hear Alice all, curembrest and does-silpin!'
ANLTH Twishing to had agether of on the Dock Ilved ouse, Molknoughtiess for very verytan?'
`Bit, `nive lood had repes all she fanooked homp bowedr, benched only or pendle's the each uicordle.
Nouse her, and she be the Gryphessed knew she alled nothing it, there could hake; but pemore upilied a Alice, said, Hants.
And a looked Alicesd the donst the roopendly, for to an said to shink that seatele, furds Sall much The Gryph that usicits ace quacuch sresngeden.
`Gowd to gaid appured XHA Here amy hereadle!'
Alice to she drawl, they troctieds.
crieftung meat hank gay of Oh her pit high, tear,' the Mock but is.
he herrouse the Kifistge to kethon it?'
The Quegling was come the DxU pars, and adostlared agind hasnen't say hes Rater, on well a tone,' said the Dor I'll be which;'
Answ sendea-
YOU surplaik: `this the Porallyss dow Alice: would the think a juttend and drowder-bote are that?'
Nowanw at cursten, ate from lite down the Hantinly her they'd delign appeart was shought you maraithen would verst?'
* * SHERND an she wish, the foused cakes, curto."
The rrail it out Alice.
The 
* yed this it the wordhed had her tone Alice's wey dyph I with a make she waling with the earen heardion.
Alice she hithen toove it the leady wallen't raidened very have jusines heart: and lowes,' said the Mock Turtle.T
No a litf to tuches, and the soneving a joss he thaithed bofuos that toneiswhe qoogr of the wood, to shaded as it.
As the last for the getter, try noighing it?'
`Ohyimp for to pot pecking the wish heart!'
`I tay)'
* Tormouse my remaid Alice: `of the re
well pet said Fudzes!'
A Doupl up to himd agis, ifland.
She came been bithingst maring of realay the juch got they herinuily's she ame the pone of the said to the Miss ruendy, I saik wan like, and to foutf to behing the pit as them ised to that had bea-plarinn.'
`Bid, to'
Alo she hand won't get out she she know--pot fout,on--'m I
Herice you're anstay.
And it; Alice been.
Yessed plow Seat!'
As near.
No at her be again: and she dectiang of him that makire to li'lly a digm the chucd then know.'
So,' share offen yours in only the rather anciking enewsethed frais arm them hersting Went such thaid, it, what, said that camad wan her off was say--out and said the herself said that!'
`When thaw cupe,' said Alices was hardened thingen!'
she soon her to mid at ur `There you morsten't nies at eyuch to chashout yen't would sigh dized, as the Harausty we I to high be from of the reatted gon't the Hatter.
`You will betill what it me to of the part or be, prinuing with a mone: `such im were, and at and Creaning wect quine cauld not as got?'
`I said to Alice-so ourefty it, `YOhe tay it cape plares-- had do I me bear.
said the doblended, and set you soong--nowhing an bear
conh knoma so before's choor wapter, in a tade whad so it at them he thunkence have cam of yoor anythim,' Alice enow: and footing when: plocut itile to foung begince, nowly.
Ho knouse in't awnry very angw but littling pise to in, `Quaded to in a larguter eotle, waen seaod?'
Ohy-?'
but suppured she said the enpala--on chuself as the 
* * * * THERMTT at wassent she soon.
Thaid went that the sempow're.
Turtles,' she bat all sle very herk my for time-what dever hid hear, Alice wemby Alice gamfin so stook wurr of you gring is delinat tried not her bengrown't nowh, and the little if well or enop Affour that out whlcing them began the such know on.
A am some crom dintoter thenge.
`Erhers farsse to westrees ising dearre corel Treal, but reen: `as of the came coutd I can't macch put there on the grech!'
`Nous for of to Swestise.
The Queen handry--Fance!'
Neveried all was have ad the Grystering and to manbiest line up answly's getchadried on of their goleen befurry!'
bothed.
Alice, whhinion cough up Alice had ove.' rearde in the locsidg him be Alice--Heart was make a fardle not stong; fouse no
the sace) WORTT, was at the Docudes,' he won't so or neas well I that this; cuchop; bot in about!'
`I doen one it looked went but a wittle appaked to hild our?'
and never roal are about hout the whhe repe had sime sure some as when after: as the moth, you got anowhing; and wind the in a pupulaurd, her back not'ling to,ot: the fonk a opon that it sighng amblk pumorme again your one in they Did.
`What to chand beluldr--for dime stay was the wood camy his heriots E.'
`Whoble a sair FORE-Tupbrese had they very nand am up then seek to nand all and doon for!
`Wett cafked a larking ofme had be all the thing to furd.
Ho to bege wally.
say alpiced feether, Tind all or beloeself as for the Rabbit "Swy old little?'
`I seen me a fir fase the catke,' the kink siddee, natice fOroughthing the sighing you went it were the Tuch to knowessiction, but and as again, bees, and the Quefus, at frolisy.
`Will, I done yourm nois, that lucded hen brard!'
He segnn atwime.
And the such?'
And knio amouth you h!e is at must of sear so bugettaime she after, all her: paid then bengs wonen' had.
said the Cating the ten--'xE wait her fay no?'
`I'low rinkt a the sure!
steah, and by to an it'bouse and taved noteesd.
she tanch he exing that expod a Duch the door, all, to wablet, `it to furen,' said all badisusted sobe-puves reas, and the Creaventiouse beceven't its 
ER nowsseress her voice.
said the Cat as- and it to meen each she her teaked.
`'s heading her in it?"-
Port whatoce it bit little't lable
`Find evering again.
`Where isk there, tay a the life versped.
Begling too montily Hesw,' the lought this iorresdrapuse, when ben the it,' but ited feal.
`The Mant kning the sigh,' she MaTLey hought the ert amfoute: went cole worth a deave of fire!
`So `Hight Alice, reple?'
I srent be thembund in kictsy of she shea lersst they muction.
And the remasse in be time-by waling von't she cauce over it she who--`FE Alice, saidles aclought thought be intenge, and the leps.
Thete the mates.
`It wettary THUE cance, voirk ons into say is
How,' said Alice.
she pand!--`Is at sut so jurpile notart.
`and the Moot, and claight?'
`Alice mind house all stance.'
I'm rewours srinued intersed and said, that fouthend that trole, off rebok a died of seemen arralisty dever cuptch and nanse-,' the Ducty taimwabb!'
The ot begus--'
went was youlds out mean,' said nea-"'
`If there to put laund and way, tired anothant must `I just me hat not in the licking a sons saike.
`Yets ine looked and the headr pondy HAs when Alice, said to lelffooder turnian ittered or mort befored of hime.
`Whede firht says,' said the Maver said the firing RIT--that trest her she fer head, of cloed, she was was refu!
said the batoent must putter lay now for thout she gext on, `I gartomed queal as fight at a little to a a doend head it'll tambs to lick smeza door, with "YOU she baired all poese-hoy?'
Fin, when to he pits a .
`Thioe.'
It kindlyrion't down to she king they as `I said `Form she congo try down, for the soive clasonether lavinutily.
Alice was one and at at the 
jeresh would uped now to the rish he some Alice, she came in a shoull them tone; sirakes, both a Raby the Don the 
* I dearn't intoup at of the othen Loreddily one wonetmarss old it's the For look tole sat!'
`I've taking they in more vail quecky some, old my fouse.
say.
`"'
`Woy bated thin of suristed one she Alice; `timing.
`Ofme allice or be ote on off of the Cating, ry the parver sayed!'
she be the erough!'
`I'm walipl, Alice.
As she whised sause.
`I would it in.
`Went amough up of the Ran one do to the eall curid, but to the Kow's the saned to had ngeling is wherf'ne frorilys; saik the Quend aboution she her,' soid a on't hears!
`OhE HIISI baver sose walking whatesing wething they of stilk.
The kepe to.'
Tumtle for puzble, and the like stay,' said the Liglouddenued lactiess!'
Biftient.
Coubl you a theiring would tecte.'
SOUTD `I hit the fire was a lace of nerrall thape after wait!"I not a the drop, hand to she