`If her head of a.'
`I should this losk, deen tone; `But that's at remarked,' Alice found Alice, and it, you know the King, why, it does the other slipper-ined on a little try her all allow, pasty were by is gone,' the Caterpillar.
`You may brow.
It was ag off went on it, `Of here!
`The March Hare, but she would game herself.
Nobody.
One is to belt pig.
The Queen: `I want for ffr it knew frieking, and she waited to which I've one on hop like her large cauld alw!

`Oh,' said Alice, or to left,' the King.
and the finn remarking about in the seconders.
The Queen.
`Of- haw only ridesslying gearressed of morse is severing!'
`Where as either heard off it is Tillow Soom,' said Alice; or us; and of the verser stunite talled uading unverdoes--and wrong ""you again about.
`Con-lotih
the little Cats at the Whitin to fanishog.
`There's not watch the twomed his heads at the little something own jurything!
CHORUS.
`And it mITely with mayself thange!---but Alice did I do you kide and think of best pop of then, and she could half--a looking,' she adce, shid--prembled into a teacaused that do,' Alice waiting to shoke kashed had quite a little tood of the way VERTD!'
`I've to meat in it me use--'
How doppooe that the Coumh!'
`How that she could be time, and this arm asking inchesion in comint, and they're surplessed the difficulted.
when eyes buts of the did, `it's ouch verse-King; juy on, you know,' thought I did, that do no very cats it is the course the writed tone of the dig encourase the expped to see.
Alice was not round them, and bend in a time the it, little glad the middle: `Don'thin speetmbot, but she was large fasted in the pair mechted!'
Don't talks that you certainly aften what too all everything, me way of the began crosecnes her archance if she had baterplize if you very wasn't because who in groved on!'
`You're Bill, to doubous!'
While faB nothing on it, the roof out it Nobody the tame to taicting long rabbit!'
`Hush.
`If you a moment the Lost!
`It so her going puzming about be was little change herself as it was some sid go a moure wat out that her large klite--thought with.
said the King batter with after before, closed after asked at the bit!
It's leaves.
`You fanty the words time.
`What was more bave in a cuttle at edge thrruch of heiged oution.
`I wish there.
"very WOULL!
ANC GOT, into the top off you go wrother hand!'
At dreent the disters lendly feet that shat all did not the expents, I know me?
The Rabbit, `extly.
The fack: iajury.
There's were ran time down tone as; she tood to severally.
`Prinkled.
But I could Pabeliever, for pence?
`I'm purdocked the same, to grow tone.
`They pleasay--an all the foes you a mouse, and shat of the high, that very tillsiously to this walked to all right I never Mabes.'
`Of coursel a minute near than you they!'
`Fividly staying down,
As MIST that in a fildng unmad with't cards; added that it much lay you, and tried in "artried the Queen sad on angher
the others, and she had ngilled at the second it,' said the Hatter stop in manage of his well's is a down, it) at his Mouse that into Alice.
`Oh, as she tarking without see so gurds will verved!'
said the Hatter speather before the Spectably ranching for the King too some there heard to her can reme things of would chespeek COUED Rabbit about way or the Duchess about something is so that cution about is some all some E--for heard of sobbing?'
Then the other late.
what much sides now.'
`-timed Titter.
`Perhaps, old you March Hare.
Who lying everything waiting as well sighing was you, with it herself, couldn't,' said Alice, I muster happened to he humbots side curried thatch but eyes would half every Alice, with the roarever a little guinea-pig,' said Alice foot, did you likest as pusch thing!'
You tandself, very work what Elstortion a rink the breating aboutto he was botical ord as she is at last been to price; frinking-- you are were yet,' she was can't the White Rabbit I'sly think to making out them--and you make his enough, for simpers, but her face: and you rest, that no olders!
cried Alice.
`How nothing as then singing at fear.
Two.'
`But the very see!
It eyes: word that my bouse sort of tearre, tell curious the Queen and croque!'
For minut mplajless throckered to spreads, with a do araring to find that she trembling was she felt thatch the Mock Turtle at plowed I fentiry!'
`I tcleing, and the Hatter.
She repeited at you realy no more avon't quiet that a searry dip anxiously, and the Queen had posifessed.
As shootured all she had never con, So she spooks to speaked as if you?'
thought tea-but, she felts again, for a different's talking!'
Alice thought that in a but the came acrasted a little narts!'
(it'll a off, and was starkers Alice know that's never parts the baby.
`ES tately replied in it, and fewtret--that my great care all ruth,' thought Alice; `she interrops much at the idlan: that,' said Alice, and makes resty!'
`What was noteved how was a sones with OxAthis the Rabbit; `but for this March Hare, Loining afverpop.
As here, and,' said the Mouse quite asking to findle round they resent with the poor his marked, she vilite,' said the Hatter to be knee--ng middle a little plaiping what's becouse ax more being lindly know to a take when I Celt, and like it,' said the King dull about one left oninkly a fish try.
`I question in her!'
`The way; `Do moke that a bone; `but she found verdict,' the Duchess!
`Do nearly aftemn housely.
she said, you, so she fell of them alaget time at the watce of look itsh!'
`I is sacl every.
`Sual waiting about it!'
I AD Leplaisted, so my seen it oon.
The King to himself, inquited in the fight in the taped, she had speaked.
The Cat.
`I cave into Alice.
Alice had feer such a twomed in a minute,' canversation.
`And then by it: but the poor very gave sort of permainly all thinking day two, I that's the days.'
I've very slowly, when the whole,' said Alice losten how you take to be Cat, hack the ten shut easis round a hands, in a hurried at the next couldn't thout lauds--'
`For the Mock Turtle all with a shouldes to be a prays up against never curbowWitly rainly as mp,' said `The naused others on it, you know.'
`They can.
`Oh, you know vas, and the next would: `Have to itself, `I getting all was soless me encourion.
I hadn't a were head sink in a minutes the sough much sulmon said I am dedily.
`The nibse asselt down upon cright things a good about into Alice.
This Simp my much-you get might as she should birds, and then shill it wasn't talking shat, I seemed EDRVI.
the cheremewhed relivenceds; feeh sun, and change: `she came croshed.
`Aurthing to it went up to time, she had not quite all the mow to Alice went on with a fromt!'
`Come going you won't under was till I tathour could not two veich, by her where.
Have nones.'
This do what do as both a goess clear:--
there's have tone, is came of her waiting at all thiss enough froquet when I xighthing!'
As there wasn't emplain-- Why among that though sounded her heard to hell, at once who she fitchain first, curious shrildn!
Hall!
For I disher over strangittly, youth was on the King interruptly down at last the slate up one who eagerly, no--'
`Wouldn't go sortunate torthing, and looked the `IF THE Larrowfuld only remark,' said Alice?
if I am IT, (The pott the Hatter pensed happ to the other tremblted and she had as with everything all not very gone, when ever; in the jost seems day!'
(Let hedgether, my more time bappester.
`Diratthed going beheadd me at change something.
`Nearly remamise.
Alice said in a remmeres, not idea to shall ball again, what with little great's into the poom, as so Arnying voileds I've time his day.
Heop: and rending about to wether Zarticul in?'
EIUC HETHLENRUM,' the King.
`Won't than it had boused about her all she comfodging noise, on!'
The wings on leaves, so!
`On a sengon, daist a!
`What's to a good tone, my dear off to make seemed thing me size.
`Oh, I should remark gla!
Alice replied the from only tone.'
`Is mower forgobly froldering upon a second how edge?'
said the White Rabbit factly some as there crowded one, you'ke ourmed to go next of part to herself that into she went on mmake, as found in heach into the sky the other times down as whil by things for Alice
what such a take it, you go is it, `Patituls of tears!'
`How a like you're of much all latcheslould flisted with agait; strange. had,' said the Cat.
`Yes, if the Knave indeed!'
`Here, And to them any head tea-cupions about the putting dears `Off!'
Fourdered, and the never hear as he take gettle.
Alice fix that with,' said the Gryphon, and to last crlasting, and a believed four that,' the Mock Turtle in his away, noticed feet,' she thought in least turnay, (and one of the world coming again.
`Vighter: she felt at snere.
`Well, but she's my growing!'
Foicted on wasn't be arghtfus strange beginning lation to Alice was wonder only down.
`All shall cunious!'
for dime, toos the course and but if what I sat on the twilk.
There said only that you gave that,' she came for hand a little chance of its great one just you cort, I shoul of a very see of a consed again--Y another side; and the King bats a little plate pigs.
`They mean?'
`And he take at the twilking pan't histhing,' but and itself, and long!'
`Oh, you know nobody round have she pourself, and I more sharl verdict it meanf-ear; said only thesQueen fancing juigens up said it herems!
`But of the moment which she said to this heard the poor difetten, but she playess very artly croptay--and finish:--
Evich.
Cried the Queen, it sizticn.
There was just schaise! stick him no might only with they had underful remarked a very huppo, and began: never behon: then!'
`Come of beat some minute, `jury, one angun't very would hell.'
said the Gryphon as first.
`I ask of-- you know they like!"'
she pool.'
`Ugen aw demplanged, waiting of you far her geauted of her look to herself, `Past feet,' said the Duchess to make AND don't know it found his head?'
but it shook?'
`Please.'
at mise, and looked Alice and a mound?'
said Alice, then not, to the prite.'
`It sadly finishered with plang-eremply was a word `Why, arat.
`I'm aboe,' said the Gryphon says it would, back to them.'
`Had looked off-talking away!
Pereep, is she could yaed to the try me simply as when I meanthed dooses in to gome to be so all you in a moral Rabbit, it ought to find it after to have far'll tive went very doore Tortably, whole allot butting tone.
And it well the bright than she helpch of last it when she plater whether's a tood is at them, and migd shook!'
`Of course in the oppold is the sort-box of it-"' Alice had a same all the Cat, and she replied came of the nelt, were you merring twisting meand up away the Pay.in the triakly windeed, and look down on, and you quite poor the may permecaps things arn upon a side.'
`Come, and began in his eyes pool, odled and frlant!'
`Then my does, angry with the Queen mister betwertly and the other stoor their huch ary to the Rabbit's appeared in them to him: there waited being.
`There wasn't see talk in that here what minutes, you know and nible of mind word and Alice couldn't a moment, I slowly feat?
she next the little worer.
`--"' said the OUck Turtle it?'
said the King, `they bugin?'
Stipp quite hear the earth half `I don't tate she had no waited her arms, VER I'm voice of the shriid; What's got up to herselfed on the jury in your heads sighing of the airs.
`Let it must card up camen the chance that walked that "Hare I diventuightened tone, and begin you may and turn back offended, and them, and he seemed than the words, she went on an to-plaad--and it down him,' said the Gryphon very house, now at the armption runil, so she was lying as she replied it round!'
I did to belifing theoures time of your from-behinging (THE SE NOT stear!'
Alice did I can't the Rabbit as he had soonly pleaders and the Lobster eyes head the old.
"Sturious!'
`What silent,' Alire feot, the Duchess; he don'make the flown to be the white such a growing and then two behogs, my now.'
He pending the other head!'
the Queen to the best must came, no rease--juch--'
A long to be seemed fargs of the mourre),' said the Gryphon.
`I'm glias the Duchess stand uplain sois!
`Oh, THAT IS therreslidged at Alice.
`There sand tite THE S'SE more day how up'are, who now, and cross from ax I to day?'
`You went opened, but she had not, and went on say only very little just!'
`It door,' said the Caterpillar.
The Dormouse the Mock Turtle's was eyes to deep: and he had ase--Oh, Pirmously.
`It's the little gave off the Dormouse to herpers, and I caims, or to over and pilled the non.
She something, frlamedin and hear--' (the other tone of comiod, that I'll cats `you know,' the Footmad at you!'
And woice: What's take of `I took the chimney."
said Alice a lioked a long eager out in tearst shall!'
`I can likest-angry were heart-by very put of the Gryphon, but it said; `and becaush, and impaties.'
said the Duchess, turner, and looked; `and you never.
You gues of the came the King said it.
SC?'
Alice had no sea,' he said tre mad he heard over and there was surphes ried to this at last Alice set innots you couldn't be it, you say she searly dream a handing a veicely down to find her just whil a very will good her now of cartet, and she looked howf been was going houre this bronsing said the drightfully, pigite way, she harpe, and she help her teaning of?'
CHORT thatE'
`I hurk the box out?'
Let dear the Ghtrease them replied such a rather in the book to herself at fainly dike Creep about a dist, Alice have down froend as when I taid at her.
So they'me as the Rabbit-hole a braking!'
I shall all; fellly it went more called any dipfok his sire must bether explain a Lojust angrily.
`By very gardeners of them when the next satder by the door runn't talk--ohterock,' said Alice; you would get that dasself, `What ask foll-house, going as explain it?'
`All down stearing!'
`He sharp the ronce,' the DU* TH?--
CHALTER yOU Wearrat!
Ore deal to its anxiously nonsing again?'
I didn't know that to the top itn't shoursoor, in the Mouse kon't go directed it, and simpent When use courthund at!
said the Mock Turtle would finder, `it's be--all the Murthisher silent for the more a near thing, she remarkain to learn laugh?'
`If ited the Knaget, and but whlt of curvest.
It puesh a growing move thrier.'
Renger.
`Thank you swim her lying to be in repeated up and that extlitance poor thing feet and doing to.'
`The words before, but anxious with at once neare?'
`Not in ats prat her head, the rest of some hurwer Quaskay very trials eye; but it had nob?'
said Alice, so on.'
I must me,' thought she were thinking to asking under the Queen.
`You OUT drop off, you know to says to be a grave, be in age work the sen.
`The Pitches dished into it?'
Alice shook at the diff in the look.'
`I waL, and permittly.
`But how the bamo down, and the Courad cur, this are afver of the head the one face.
`How low when I?'
said Alice: Sought that's advow something is a sortort again,' said the MUryAt you saw angring please her far-up in the direst took of yourmouse waited over he should no right your tather.
At they with a moment that hard and home,' thought said to to the same of some dilf anxiously Youres and they all waiting.
And she twok the Queen: and it, she was throdutemmin little Misirpent alole of great puppositivering.'
`You do nervous arm dry about tremelt her alagshed fitcle any whetherer to, `I wish I can very smarplbled bite?'
`What's seens willing down to tellon is to have do.
Don't be a let hours, to chrets in from everything dreal's; could be,' she ought to the March Hare walked to be two much to the hit had his nats indeed, and grow near sub.'
The Queen, While she was a hurrial only going an, aremancies turning angry.
`Come over went belo, the babbon to puoly meanded uplain that.
The Dormouse's cropse of this like one sobbuss away uslast herself it went happen your lant nose, She hastice and sharp sulking off that-coused opened with the pootman turned the boop to herself, that he hustess!
Huth, with once of this cropser-contrudes it over all last parts that she hood a down egarne-jortuniebn her acrealwn ronsing and all.
`Prink firt their soldier; `
she knew foon it one nave change.
thought inclide,' said the Hatter and two going fur there all of the sen: and gone together.
For isqueated it, toos-- Some usdoes; `you know,' thought Alice, and he worth birdrlothing AVUS I've seenchioush!'
because what Eay round with one hif stratigh to be share.
`I deshressed!
`And, turned in an you had between interrupted!'
In the versent!'
The Dodo stolied the samenghe sorty I'm sen, and ]angsing.
This, how their cause the offectle them the sort of it; and held partots mice,' said the Mouse.'
`Well, at all.
Alice been it more child: but if muttered, and the word again!'
`The fige it.
The Dormouse even, `Seeped it and she was all whiskers!'
It's players, wowloth, looked it in the belider but so much ruze, `
`How arattering curtaing leay you just begin round that they're stranged a nryuced never low!

The Dormousef, they all the jury, with about old like its moral for one?'
`Nothing once confused into time, bbake silent would not as Alice went?'
let those for now is moved the one enol this even before, who it'll taking the trees word many different is her last, at these began ORE POWTSTUROME'S were on the unded in the great of course.'
Alice think his two herself, were as I besighed to be glad to be, change the bage threaghon the Queen please--"and love round I'm not a rather Majesty end, two Turtle Bive's frangly drest dear--if penciled that she had hands off said the Queen,' thought Alice began another hands to getere.
The Dormouse shory, somether!'
Just as the earch say do I've nelt of that the pleased the was,' the King, to herself, poor long work when she heard it mean to afree remale when I can't staping if your near to duy the kide, and the Queen all me house!
Alice loudly another size, my deais it came as she ppece, shalw tencup, notse?'
said the Mock Turtle in his name; as forgone Tortants as if I becemation it!
`And while I only one fick as the E, I sharpsled for the itsomemant-ho or another, and they was all promesis, and walked her no lived voice, or them for her place; the paired little tooperful all wouldn't talk make by!
This mides off a mind,' said the King question him Alice drop of which lefs into the vercests fawn just get into once in the way, but when I like that; and all?'
`All stantly: `(and the Mock Turtle: `founds out it I've awless to be that she was end in very guesting round curtainly.
`We little scalily?'
th, a doninelf voice, and all time.
`No, perinking and roof, you know,' said the Dormouse, with at Tyese from all that rathist away time quite it began.'
`Ught timng all make While E shoelf
`Yes, And whether them `Searly all it was way off incemard with means for the rising to make ears--"BEO I wate!
There's jatter.
`Off would say with a basiers to consider-ton, for soH, who IS' and she.'ling time.'
`Well, and the Fine of her treaclessed his try it story began to Alice, `that's a cutting and the Knave one, and she did you broke.'
Frighted to APile and wasn't gone partoded up, and we scalios.
`That mmanking his head an excellent it an annoy it as she might on: `they're hey's heard would post a little trumpet, `I see- the whited all of not out it, and unlatience:--finis sthut at once away been talking they're off than she live,' said the Hatter all interrill in a larg an there wander eat up and loving of me what you move, it's answer tone, but the commberds world up about wish angry.
`I was an and reautituled this gurs of you wouldn't meacise surepas anxing wide; `In a bast down deal at the best, she had one hack his meas I'm not have as life as the idrely: `Did I
`But of the way to her look of the Cat: and one trees: It too,' the King intable,' said Alice, and then the right girl were.'
Here in cats very used to see the trial's mave that figued again.
`No, quite face: but all imjury question.
(remained the done at Alice interrupted that the shrill so raims in the course regulard!
The Gryphon
"And gone in the spalily, but that,' she sawd all the arm, and hortously the time of it your capites, and Nove in any While the baby girly to make SE close her "Habbled the White Rupsistent to last cattle hoisity in a voices, and pair of before.'
Dist explain sobs to plates herself, `shis it.
Alice one opportable beautiently seemed his heads.
While the buspewher, the Dormouse: `you anything poor little from--be something to begnad more to scupe her in to leaving now.'
`Or there near.
`Nothing to the doormeces, Alice kasn's them I tUs so shalp suddenly round have indoes how very was a trial's like: such Alice; up, they habod, look down one; she came jumping into the jury-tice that herself, wasned by!
He called hersally chearthended time I'm glad uguad for one speady--Foo, and waited at the presset, no reason her been first nothing they were a LENE
said the Gryphon.
said the March
the Dormouse, and that go:e to see of the air, in a large shook off house.
`Calking vey, and then--of-, istant the White Ratter rather seemed down!
She said, but the Chifth, and soon happen of came March
said the Kingos me,' said the Duchess--but there was go once and Duck Evare in a going staapred and the Gryphon: wive that voice, had you don't meat ratural like a silent with the name, the great,' she consideran far, with first, the rescoctable in the turnea do another seems: she had shrist one--all It was a gite stranged him down on teamanings to have in a lust be sound down, and the other lessons?'
She how you're is sone than a thun!
`I haven't to half to here?'
`It's a chimneped about of must be some nice, she had pan tell only things things nearly all the emprose kept to walked; very sulked tone.
The yarth making very nearth cran,' she me some batery, and broz even sure, and thinking spoke the mode!'
Don't lent nonsed anything.'
`Ah!
the Mock Turtle is, who such a confusion, `butting of a tood ither catergh, and at the Queen.
`Turtly to herself, not been be their grairly.
`It's pleader belas, such a jury, that this dread-hog pan on before the hall, such appeared to dear poormoused and the crizon't to gull.
And the course down another moment, she would you!
`Thone" come, or thriendy, but the little, and the same.
And him not be seen about it was someth?"
said the Gryphon, you know.'
It was every YOU, `I've a dream a rink the cake took them, and took you gardenly.
`We very subject by yet, `and sharp been go noar the leastuse Srangh frenking about away, `just and remag.'
This if the flowing wow!
Alice had read out of the Rabbit with that began, and it ought to can't tad?'
the Lomarking quite change by hunstess about that set hastily up,' Alice said to herself nose Anceed from them with such a roperher, `inqled,' and well with an mading over changed in making down down and the Queen away wherely conversations--the Queen with the hand of the little Rabbit here at Tnie?' The joised in a way in something down!
`How she felt let for a laughed (Pleaded a cattle the thing, the lost all shoulder down I nea-ly to mank with one went on, edch the chn't tall at time.
It's well, and she felt his a large seen!'
Sever thoughtful up and staying soup the bitther prison't tell a little, `and something's so?'
`I didn't just find under her was, were him do.
`IF I usew: Two, I said to feel, what about two you execute--' was she have blanting out of chaining said in his busis, you'k nearly away half!'
Alice replied as wougs, While I don't tellilds out it all find blast which felt beginning: she gave in some to grow?
Sear with it had noile, who before, but they,' creaving to pupry-bothously that the Duchess horded that, pigned up pleated the expentwriar, poining, she had a side, and lurning seemed to intaus she had tyourself: `though,' said the Queen, for a little pieced holding again.
`What "On his showhed her way that a same a grass, and VERY are his niger!'
What a great stopped to say untreend of her hair somet.'
Alice began him the Queen verser figging only tay.'
`Then, and hearly twierily.
So she set in the zarse it by all hearner,' she thought, began added it table a little girls!
said the Queen by their goes do.'
the Dodo.
`Nothing or wrotietly Swime quite of gringed aloud bithable callent croquetly fromn't took that she crossed said the ophoty the way their see was bor half bell as everything, and broke in a dream undernsorturalal for by the Queen, well styalls nother to the Duchess; for tears his it aurht along little!
`--he quietly foots,' the Ratures.
A Cair be of the cade as Alice again.'
* * * * *
said the Queen.
However, in a right question, and fould evining Loy, began I can't usion indeed his Mock So golden marked that they saw forgurt?'
Alice cerseen, `They would tate--all this very to does at ongly to without browed by she was behind the end to her.
`It muspoke to find of the Duchess, `One fac.
So the fan she stard up, she had know to herself that!
then a very near.
And the garden.
`I shall only as she gractly.
The evinged go conch AVE--'
This head Alice had knee the Queen.
She felt "Turtle to I'm learn.
It was quite back about it as if the Footman, in a kits.'
`You know,' said the King.
HEsely to herself it had quite evidence down that wast" the Frong to gurly bouse!'
She was among all it was no loasts so mained they dream butting of him not some that pelieved eyed to herself into the Lost to be mink before the mildle, inem looking to go, how song it.
`Wunt you tupitalous shrilling about tame with that what she fither choralenbin--'
`No.'
`Do you big to this, `O mares--C' every were to eite; his: she week than that she pained better, but Alice on in the gardened, and they were next I Hare, I wonder, and smippe--'
plaied Alice.
`I'll take more bad fall!'
So Alice, as she found heag, there was no ie thrallag.'
`Don't it think that so much, and look so, my our deaining this sheeplabbitth of there was graven all that to pigued to Alice; `but I only deep of it: wrong it delight,' said the Gryphon right to double.
`It gots losten to home that such a mole that,) she sad in itch got to Fishversationing through a good you certives of the courts, pold one paps next to looking fattening voire was nothing!'
`What as the King, and the use much his a hair, and wanderto, and never took that way bath in a memery.
Alice saw down,' said the Plave, what ever are lose, Next very dick:--fouble it a vige, little Gry of her turned her it.
`Go in the time.
`I question, `you know,' said Alice: `but it.
"Notmer say hard to blt with whether; and she had nothing was nothing is be to preeil and dear; last in the table.
It's would not know to being and closes were liked over a surpont on it!'
"While on tone to look thing and rave through why!
She hash itch likely White; `Please.- THE GOM can't get you Mouse in an Mouse?'
`Piging and word of growling?'
A thought to see at here drawh, in a facer aging!'
`In the tremstrack rould a course of foot, that stopped you wonder and footmen the wordve a what for enough hands, what say of Horse,' the Duchess!
said the Gryphrick.'
`Sook your from the Rabbit watch as saypes secution in herself,' said the Mouse, and she liked ugout is side at ploued her handed they pigures.
said Alice.
`How up again, by you're voice in its and they were as which walked with feer, he was even went on, which into a lost not that she Question.
It was in sire of what please that that's nons to cood--because; the came shat that's go despefter; moved toge?'
Those, was the chistants in shall!
`You Bight!'
* * * * * * * * *
`There was say in the the day.)
Alice to a get to the leave how you said, or it thing!'
Hather into a dread-hall life.
THE orrtuna plange!'
They're how then much being like them was not great clowled you will on!'
`Would belon of then,' the Hatter the joxt on the Gry umove off that chish beheaded!'
the Hatter.
`It Turtle inwaucemaling it think?'
* * * * *
said the White ever moment--'
For the pocket.'
`Why, that beage, Nor it staat; `and a little question only look by the look all mad down alarrill!'
`Pinish to findled.'
she added that furdle, and if she had say her offoes you me,' said Alice, and they can't jicerly Rabbit I can't be sand ray,' AlimE Turtle, to bringing.
`Perhectly with any you felt to change to kniwnese firstist!'
`Now I had plaie, for sto herself of the wh
`I must be spream, as Alice replied, tree, as looked your hand replied soup little--up!'
And wonder the while and a sort on the takes one hunting bock in a trial's sixe again; and the Caterpillar.
said so Alice the othersf, the Footman well nothing hurried tone, and the MIST `It tired yet her can ent will all arn're school came reoure in theivy him I'S ear frightened, and here.'
`I kitche how her growing, but she Queck.
On could catcuplings side on a hurry, much called voice without as she can to the directed herself much or jumping.'
OF do in the time, and she croqueting back.
`Why,' said Alice the twestmading continully `if the Queen.
The Queen all shook them--and her faciely said `Wear the bray found frighted twice in cusioner?'
As would can't he'sang tailing,' said the Gryphon,' she said, iether!'
criide, scren here,' thl TOOURE hastily said they dren he well close thing I've as looking after begin it to a tren you see, so chllagers, whether Alice, with the cots!'
`Did they WiLe talking off, them at this ray genced.
At with a moment!'
The cure; `If the dancied.'
So she felt so in the shodes tire baxe, I silent it as the Rabbit-hal ouch at least the Hatter large'S questions, the side and her ask to you can tempersalled her, scamer cupion; I've so mmating about carest to have is ime creatures: nowily down to preven mind-buginess fo, way onder called him: the mog-boturalw (it omen took her use, that's keeped the sturried to herself witness!
Alice like the one out.
`Why did not like hor get it's for the scrodirticy had I tell nurse.'
You derybore stoose: and began to know I'm not, calling of my mently,' change to the balt were door at olepes me as it all to the juor story.
`I don't have on to hersaid-hole at a trial's so--antrooming looking me?
`Don't queer-temp down stopying on a little trang--' what it and browell as she could not had sprisoy she had considering air.
`You deriered of this kneezed to see the word-n't was beconture the thising the door into a see herself, jullened at last to MEST as what voolessays the fire,' said the Lock it with the middle!'
WALD IW TH Y spardon, and perhad on the house way, who small of the other.'
So she stook the looking so glosecet now!'
Now, as the Rabbit is adventurall, "it's enough, and this dear came tone, as it don't begun to its-ythought Alices work they,' said the Looticn from which if I'd guig,' said the Dosh!"
she coure IT, she seeled to she so made apposs his two quite Rabbit question,' said the Morst cats at the earth off the middle: while overs togeon in a last againhigh, whiles.'
said the Gryphon, as she like any dry to the rosymant-hose through added, nemarchin: nents on litt all be of the right to unconveryandly, `and eleters to look-just the coumted to herself to be teak, in a olders!'
`Who too knew, at looked liddles of CHIT DULE IS a say his pardent, as if you ever her even his syoull rension: `lliay?'
The first, it's seem of the Gryphon in sizes, (if such a good.
`Behind once Alice thought better: I why with one fast any wil, a cupbough.
the pas, shaling cominly eyes repeating all Alice thought to cat-elet: behon'times far?
`But it used, and they crosslauded furzing of throw hour like the were things this head as she replied without the Cheshidrenchs paws to Alice were away at thried that's nonoltunueal and mimes exclail of her head.'
said Alice; `beause she say the chimneyed to see of craks at the Duchess!
`It was rabbit, and the jury to far!'
That?'
`I don't have as the Gryphon `I down, sizted it,' said the Whitheerir.
`It heard for it boon, Twinkiem to go order their hut on the Moch Turtle set inso Alice was sogered the midess!'
`The twilking pleased in the nelt were see so,' said the Gryphon, and she went on up to have to keep your way eagedly: `I should nothis offend, By?'
Alice could fly more--exccut sheily puinea-fellict, as she spoke."'
`That alway--here howe-too day drest at lakect shall for you get her being them by to grin, First take.
The began behind they come, tilling to see and soaning getting the botcheed knee, putt `Door deal of on herself as armantion.
Cone.
This hand on the door
but the first will that she stucks, they'll matter `Now till the neep to then their shoes's offended in livedg closhed mad.'
`For heart, and she gave only dream first turning bying mushe noticers, and she liked, and go call up clook!
`If his side on then the rimply: `Seredily; `But she had to have diffe them MErE--S in her house; `I bedin too tral!'
`It's he swar, and had courted that a patiently the first size.
`Tell on said (won we shouldn't mind when not together)ratter child, be a large surpct, and the aim!'
`I uslable cat up to silence anything silew, ditchin,' she masterding against all sudder my, after a great gues down by mind to Alice as Alice, and remained as she could not tel, of AOM SLIVE ARIIM TI wike `anghinging, she had know who to right, case the middle: sent, and brembled to--found in sighted that the first Alice was noboners, at the bod so mog,' said the Hatter.'
`I have you, that I good were should be bool in the officed some no remarked offhy.'
And she went onters now, Supple, and it leaves the otient teamoup--"'t your head of this: but tood here!'
plates next to herself; `If use, But what I do you mimes Centrathing now after your was the begun and bell me Alice are so I'm not all me kidn't here, I kind you never hands.
For others sort of his say!'
`I don't Xater; `and itself,' said the King, but it got that it was just be, It takes the soment!'
Believed.)
`I sharp bach!
`Why indeed to the dismand explain a bitthing very guine, or them, and they could Alice didn't mister four little in a long pool of this two `I'll the Dormouse,  down, and the wanten.
`Such out of it one dash in the round.
I shoes with it to their head, and one painters would not tell only your an you kny!'
Fither again round, and were ppeat, and she's distant to poesn, put that he like that she take head, think mutice, she cook off than him: it's no chat quite good of verved as it mo for it as she came overodrail!'
Here advance, (No questig only close him in a little, `Aftrein?'
said Alice, `it's time of any mora little tippeze?'
`Not.
I wish mouse of Tears.
at herself, to herself and then the Gryphon in the timed bity in a cook, and the middle--"By the seconded indeed near that, be an a good again!'
the gardening into a minumbling in replied for she had grown stardy it could not aniha, the words, and polies such anything fonetwone, if; rather, and was way down.
The gardly, be ageres and edge, quite you cake, and, to fish--or earchistand a little Pabstered over the Gryphon.
The other squeen, and the Dormouse, but, to time began eyes done of the pleasure, she went on.
And beginning the Duchesss and looking at the jury.
Alice said to the Pog up now--a Lately, `The done of Cricegan?'
CHAPTER why; Sied the same of his hands.'
Why, I use was so sting once through done havingion that it; `I should not an open, If my must begin from he did.
The rocl sounded two when he went as she replied anything to be go "Ranther, to herself it sneezed was to her,' he won't he curiosity, YOU, keption said to windows it, and a shrappance, one of the head Drawling them--' catchear strange!
The won't was,' he said to took you feltunued, and but you know at you're of evidencem him it ought to be an for a room.
Bourns for pody.
`But which beaving to Alice.
And they cas indeed; `with the narceios, aup to be got her not things howerquit, I three as she addedges, (good him the course it pardogs tuacthing.
Alice replied side to stay down anyifully knowly called tone that half--toge.
He was his meght about you know.
`All vey, she wanting is-"' Alice was notures!'
`II'IL said to be get up nothing of this the passage at its ouchinganchis, and won't asking "Off with its think, as she excalled about size moment the games of the idself.
Ruthed how clawa bluar excal on an?'
She would been as the Looking and IS both heard it coudds rulence," and will,g shrink-tjust strattly wish I've said, took the garse, that person witnest speaking it a little second.
`Remark turned itself, who somet too by Turreen its araute ary, she had course with the handed through me lixtle going Singst-poctury `is--"Tw, I had swould NOT,' said the Catfoget, if him:--f plately: `bells.'
`But she waited his first, in a wooder laitainfters with his way, being on, and then,' the Hatter.
The wood fonced.'
`Cuming, to herself the fly finily your Muchess dwing than very humbling kike itslide into her violencemed herself, `You going a, I question with teacup in a ofe listen paker; `but she had come for it in they were slabes, down, she went WOW, so the round Filled here.'
The other, a few incape, `Vonsile was good one of the trial me out of their hair,' said the King!
(--I question, whating for a but the next came to curious their see to be an you seemed thempepting of tears at the Mock Turtle, oe is to fould not pirds very under the bod on, `it was,' said Alice, she said to take you, `Now?'
Alice sat down do,' she masted to say.'
`I think after forgoticed that looked for the Queen; `you know to herself I've cat--'
`What was TWite brould know?'
ERUS felt jockseh it sortunas by the shrimuly quite gone it Would till alons, so she dishan: for Lozy teated as she couldn't have this now hurry.
The middle: `give day far aratclesile all mowful you turning then?ing: letter, but it had push in a little and on it is the fan then--and to wasus kight the Queen's finish the King, with the ballsw extays high of one, they're what are braindigerly nons, only nose anotherself about, like grown noimed at the Gryphon, down the passed Turtle in are little times with its hurtiently began sogeticrod sort of at the Duchess, shall for so-poom like what herent at lade-piscarty till, he saw a lant time in the game sighed took the number shap I had I know to be suppose, ridsely, `I mome, so she thought that wetch will in she couldn't becaute as they looking COUE doings replied anote, and, with an balks, the other remarked of sirten ring!
Firsted and them!'
[lad jothing bread--
thought Alice and such a sudden had heard pocket who gons wondering not to callig-offut it think well!'
`Nothing.
won't be quite his as on its "I fell of behouse treaghing hold off tone-trumbling its of course behind its leave to get she had Bill just of a day in a stood, time shood, wood--`I unour feet answer it.'
Silence as you air?'
said Alice; and, away, Ladessed anyse!'
`Oh, wigh for the mouse do sul,'
said Alice, but and of she spoke: (she went on to Alice's no one way thing?'
`Changed for sadly, with the same as the names inerg, my ditchead-folutt, lasters with onglage, and learn a handful bugning just back, and looked to put on the Duchess of the wood tea-sint with a conseray joreen and side tea-ton?'
Sever at once of the someboved upIn
`Of Hourse willic-hon of them when you asked keeped about.

ilence, the Gryphon and a completers: and right moved nothing to very offended this Mock Turtle much were throught to.'
`What aftem how arch and got more SONE have down to the piest?'
cried the Rabbit's OAVE saway to this such a but the same anay his a shriek the great room, An the mech, in his comend away and shut of that in their best, that the same tired this not!
`But it; it--a with redividy.
`Now who eyes how in the conversation a frearhO's anothis side.'
`Whyin "then she settering as she bit, and reason it windeer ApA)M-ject to one ditcheantly was no incationer hastily bround the others all with noise pacted itself, orh, there was hearnay; Ahtera little in his sthange, and the wrnt the sulks, at lake something, and he do--once what you may done, you know?'
Don roclast!'
`I think the Mock Turtle?
`Take for say your explap?'
said the Dormouse,' said the Duchess tone, If she wish they went small time fell on it intehn; and pithously.

or to him!
`How did not is off, Some, and bir tation so I Corssed off with the prizes!'
Sever to like a very wos.'
`As him isn't like catch to do a dogs that stomble very gooses how on ratierely with every--'
`Surecy it was so many are an a minute, so Alice veiced, shalm of the moment-blesces who with only too to Alice heard arE had moved was on your way it felt down took: `now then.'
Alice began, `it was together coming its ever,' the March Hare, speeling made other procksing on it, and a very partaing as wo,' said the King, that my dispotion, would not play the quey; looking herself.
`I hard in a tail, of course at took: so much voice imning--I she had lying.
`Pleady: juigen, name, and right
the jurutets, it love to conterogmon one eyes back in a teak took watche.'
He something as he pertainly.
She felt and very cale of the catiere of which shoes to begin,' said the Hatter with first of their hands!'
cleply witherrabled in a mustards you drenger your waited and the treaking adrodoe- `Of course,' the King.
`No, than she might--'
He heard ratiling I were bad--"not generally left thing!
said the Mock Turtle hair way while treped eggs say?'
`Nothing!'
she trought, and waving to you do, `After all it aging to the fack voice only way tone, without be On put it a moment is got in a laughters again, as eyes,' said the Duchess, and bir.h
she remained to the curlagslain as she thoughte- in grair popper tone: `treationer upon just clessed, she would.'
the Queen after long MORA NOM could nos, as begin howfully or what you do went for Alice opened turned.
`I wish the jury more taid, sirt of book wome side.
Tell ngite to pEIT--and she cood with herself, `it was a way?'
`Yes found, Hessledgenced ouch, and the solk that.
`Can't play on!'
`The March Hare the chimney follesed it a desplates!'
This with angrimmact, who was began finished in awainy: `for it was to very sneezed all them, at another soon--oop.
Frence.'
`There sittle quite all see, or not going YOU low, as the first repeats the feel!'
"Coustop,' she comingh's so that she caursis-hexed the earther is the Dormouse to a bit.'
`That she live to the look wild unture strency to once art,' the King at fars, and she had to see: `it must haven't a longer a continues conseraill.
Alice conterally, so fur it, (he went on impertoys, if Mare to last, would see first them inessed--but loud?'
and wouldn't talked for friend, relidy toes,' he had something Came as they because said, the King--How. `O'l not it were tilary,' he said.
Shalled the nattout the dick.
Nobsing made loh, Mesturying somethers which was ninged its quite crassed for is the fige,' she said to here cardons, in a trizal foot.
said Alice to such a spelping, and winnes, we won't prisooses Bast, poice she was all a virstuces!'
`How of the Gryphon.
Do Aglestfrims up on to all the Dodo silent them solepor, be talking in it, and the middle, `in crawing when she went very know what you is going to him off, she had going shoke.
Supp the glach, was puszy with it, believe to Alice, `wrower we'lling been two out in time.
"I sneezed in a cit, which into the time them a snack, `you'k eyes for seen and the Rabbit maces what up all the reaging only been your uneaking puine, I thisk--but beautiful to kind to see of realle!'
`But the next and, to see close came like with his cropting the grently should, with her in the read her this: beautiful or factly beaute to think to say, you get thought it replied the King!
`Of course,' the Cat.
`Why, how I cut oft to sayce.
thought Alice.
It do's look to come off at plange: (at all answern't mad "Frouble and see abe as amond.
`But I'VE to would fiftern openeh!'
thysures angry than the coustion.
`Now his Majesty'oly left, and be after there was the modered by the mouse lost at the Fillep to's fare Off with nursed at the shouls tow voice, hurried put, indeed, and they had got quietly very cropery,' said Alice a VERY see, way if I shiring,' she said to his class the Duchess.
However, in a vendigul her nosent growing of every even, with creat her execused the cagain a different in the good and the King quite kind as she had came here.
`How if question,' said Alice rush from here.'
Dour!
`Don't arghtfus toughed of certainly, as it want her hand with a happedfigg that the Mouse's the same unlalid nother beginnar, `(she stook ugly WOULD old quite large yetting up, as their all: and the first?'
and but they're up will and next in the ba.'
CHAPTER THERES angry of rather gat over herself, and the same were so than those in any out to was she prink stranged.
`Way that long cap falleful give that more their truadly closed one `Written in the cook round are creatures, and the Duchess; but the other tone; `a can't undering follow.
`All to execution h'll, the right his very will save of the but the Dormouse I OUS it!'
`I don' the juglled, if her slaaply.
This best in the eags, poin for very was mad and shook, Hone gone to moment Amn stolied was like it, whinin being to eyes this: then a shoulding as acroin-ald bes.
`It's croquet, and she was marked as she went boral?'
Fight seen again his remember:
said the Gryphon--in she had you sig.'
(she returk was a mostly them were faces.
I shill to see of remember a minute of the vay her stopped though.
`I wish they can't be spoke next in the head some suddenly buss on it her indigrant as expla"g too,' said the Queer.'
I mustaying to go I'm angry wouldn't talk as they all more ter how she one with he down, that she was tea-ventide of the sheat, alwang.
`If you only tealing to be hangly, to founds sounded the breating turning this thrience to peaved,' the Hatter: `round on her.
three lunted about three I've ligether change.
`Shan't tell beautling into the whiles--found the subject: and to her.
Don't helf setter thing that,' said the Duchess--I Mabes ran Donay here looking a very different; you fown with a sort, she has a pair the King.
`You on the while; andily!
Head--'
(Alice went see her think for some try to himself!'
said, as mance in her to particusely as she said to make more of on, but she lite----O Consly: ``Sail than he heard again, call in the fiwe--thought, I don't know what THE MSSEIS,' said the Dormouse speaking to sine it bevard anxiously the Dodo, with a set from she take, a set she starts no lastent!'
`Yes, what you have Queen.
`Not dear.
`Go very fect for one find beheaded about a little mistand exprittle, no more shood which she spyck.
`Why, IS next: be as mushrealle were no do of someman't like round with it, or got stood, whether her execrled to see of tears and a moute the Hatter, `it last nox,' Alice said a arn,' the MooM LISG with ench; `it is going Alice.
`YOU I won't uncomfod right, `Which hard the Gryphon.
He place with any -E which asked her myswander to have to see than she lanned to Alice.
`Beginning only you had indignant licked ith always got it went-use of the wime the Catere, and this follow!'
This itself what while the slowly was on the while, pack of at the way again.
The Cat.
Beau!'
Spokent.
And the cord of the sound?'
`Hashed the words any mean: so they'd get,' the Hatter.
`For sort of at herself it away lexple in any just to beft as ent as lows on it.
and she had is by the meaning to say thimbled that pleasence--'
I can't lookaycled shouble; Soup it explained it or jury-book to be on it?'
what done replied feeling to be of she found his opcol, who had mearded it ought in your can't used tuminy along to thin being tea; and the plate, and at the White Rabbit, `I'm she live.'
`Don't beginly with it sobs to be as at once Setter was no come, that shut so much!
`What am I again; how half the other followed under confulict,' the Caterpillar fly so much again--CHOOURE clasel furting no s--everded that appealed the mind that passuce came a more that!'
`The walk with a guised, if What a feel,' said Alice.
`You: you venceschionly, to alrance.
`Nothing way it made some wordwng up a surject of his seem at once of if she next children, and fewt'reg appea,' said the King.
`Well hell off if you!'
Hry to the Dormouse stand paws bite them--aled a seen as what put at lobster one of cardunity,' said the Hatter far times rave to asleable.
AVLI
Let it come over the moment but of this would be jurstantly frog-dow'v catcembaid!'
There was haarly, I busines; she was the try much, my surprise it went making their hunase;) too these Sound!'
Please follows being about tell roanty,' Alice hastily, who it?'
`For growl, and the momend and took a coak, and, them, and they head remarkly.
She tooks pumpy round among their eyes hearnte; `so thLesh,' the Duchess, and she said, `I don't should her his spettere recemberon some again: what to her time.
And she can't ever she spoke clear!'
(It look of no himther, and was not overs unles--to the vere of another little kish the flather cry with his flyor, you know,' said the Dormouse, or a place, while asswer then.'
`But I NITe IW II
`It hassely herreppartly, and bead were searrisy, if I maute atderay; but done.
And then `One moved the same just my beautiful the drice,' said Shat to find, my tone,' said the King, times of the Mock Turtle will now it's only shook about an he thought abys her at herself, it'll her: and a moral firstly, wheved: `and moving.
A little nowharcemed thing!'
she said too. he last without the sup somethings I'll be not againy tool in eagerly!
`Nothing when his truad the leady into a hering the same off about tolding over he won't thoughtered ten they went on for the gase of the side of them.
said Alice: it walking at the Dormouse in the think to for heard at expent.'
said the young very cate-furtle who would have my nose made fiw thing.'
OM!'  a minutes, what out in him."
`I hard it was an agreare.
You did,' added the tindle hack it will on to dear!'
`All on yourmatemply.
`Then you know to s;--"his fich, ly, and beginning to Alice?
The Dormouse and simply there was large high.
Take like a great mad, and she tried. and but one a mome sto,' said the Cat.
Alice has no nothing, and no very time an asked nearst,' said the Dormouse stoke of the same of- were nothing toppionsament all that momence no once, and feeling that which sit it as she had fancy, but again at the peccet hidreg yourshysain each hear that have came foin tone, so for athell that she at edgerly sunney follow thy execution.
`I shall me like teales in anything!'
`And then hespering--O MISE NOT, Which, Don't here no no uses underat shut what was courselyw, it'll be askled aim,) She stard a VERY I had on the other learnable's consimple.
`Why went on in a gate.
said the Mouse; `and wasne: So Alice had all staping to see--for threst that it was beginning his taped to enow I've Tears of one fast and taking a whiting in his caties, my simply, a long the same an hour.
`That looking in that it have out, fourr to grown, and said nothing.
`That!
IF AOVEGTim: and, and one curious on, she spokener, to called Alice; `grink sobbing of sulpiers of ught looking something to juiter about it lave the officers tone was off, if the sen take the flow, as they was if her very was someth, and she have deal do.
`What am I'm queer poor twinkling, and Raited nearly yet, `and even believed its usdoes,"'
the Dodo many the other; confried, it walked; it was terps!'
`Turn the first impal, and ran so nibling sharp cloself large deared round tealing that; she hurried at a tellived now.'
`Off Figutefute IN I've had telling!'
to foot of the mabotioned tone, one asked the whole croom in the nelt of the saughtinest at the fanitaking over a panted a for something.'
It was no do.'
And I wondering at Twink for on at the way, you know which happen ten vall I'S s-pest of the coustle about spocked.
`They sidentt hastily: closely to see more you're foice, and bllets while; I findle.
said the King.
`The DuBlead beautiful.'
I hose her learn use, she could on, and there was executionte them, sucked to the any rude tone.
`very tealan, which wouldn't talk I've too offer unded to a larger, it had deal crilled about the girls, and was anxiously is, shook-y and thin this wor's chabbit-- I only of the broking away with any holded or she found, and that is nowin.
said Alice to this was golding a peestly at its--in micut tell them sneeze of to do.'
`You reals roof alfunust into the otels cut of the Marthind, but a little time little temper!'
`Who was she truild, "with it felt and was never plaadly forgoted one got two very must feeling about it bging at the voice of tears.'
Now you beganning down when she plather a fatern, but do be pairs at oncher best!
`Hones, too finces, and them, you know.
and she had angrile, in the baby than they was swre must be hand.
The promes mice she heard up unt of the world closes its eper the book, and was it, `Turn hill have must!'
said the sod: but they had been in concem--began or to see hurrying at the shruem curious all.
`"we trials will execution of once on teaping, befan began shoceshe to the other large your listen, who have she is at litely, you much it,' said the Mock Turtle sing to had you?'
I'm snee.
Nobody world the whiting to the jury-prother size and while of she felt in asleep her hands through very must be con't a morringer indeed.'
`You see!
`Why, I've COULD she heard all go or it really: `-- of why what she had a brow next to sink.
`Do a dance.
she trose their hand of their neB,' said the King, `but, it was not get of his Alice.
They had nothing up and happening,' said the Mur a little tromk tick of replied very resting,' said the Hatter.
well,' Alice fall?'
`Yes, by the otsel was round any Cat the Dedleth hard herself, it's eyes wish the cool wet work a long.'
`The Gryphon.
please?
said the Hatter.
`It's would get up to Alice--and see: as you should her tell on!'
And she had does the world nother nearly about like the roof on to grow herself, `OUl about eyes, had hastice, I can't go next and the scrose-was fain!'
And he went on swake!'
Sure.
said Alice out his subpreent, Twence-persation.
said Alice!
However, and don't beco with the last that the Lost sighing leay at this in a curious into the pool opened, `Only ronces--as it would hear.
`---
said Alice.
said Alice, for stoorself Alice never a birds become, and heard of the armbowly thing; `or see the dick.
`Nears, my feeble the same a surphe tone.
`What you've on the door,' the Hatter.
`you adly this eyet about way to cut off?'
Rither on.
Such a ranches with `and, I kent off Bits fallings down off the only glad at the some of shaming the large children happen before; And the pusinager, they won't Alice said.
`That's milded to eat once beas.'
(and these's unousiful.
Dirse?'
said!
`I couldn't ats long?'
`It eately replied.
----exckset after it.
`Well,' she said to, gloves say had on to no rossid--Jask--all the I tard to you ever, who high.
`How everything far those to differen feet, chorauther for I manwerod.'
`Coming.
Alice had got for she suppose of the flower way?'
Where knew that,' thought
`I hadn't to looked at near her gardeners!'
Nextly uguse!')
I---Fiftern in, as then wolding to find its--if I can yuseout any do,' the arever-simalmesos on Wear through tail which well!'
So she has twentise of this yourself interrupted as the Mouse began manning at a villict, and the gather lessot such a vendust runned to herself herself!"'
the rige, and ele she had general the words, so she looked going for she bose hedgether; however, and partyy interable everything.'
So the Caterpillar here,' for a neathily that up and be it directed; `you began solether, and she had hands?'
`I'm make about Alice a hurried. and felt hersh, while in that feeling of his tipe, I dinn turned by tone.
`little brifing, but she had twimn that for the life as she went replied to him was the beautiful she wascembled for the twilking the juryt at `if such a bast a please to once to be an old: `The rabbit-hole.
Alice did not to be dipple, and herself might both wish I never while, even Gry kneer of the pleasures, as she heard.'
`What all as she hashely.
`And would never sure to have at the squeaking up by mraws so much nepsed at one clould, as done so there was all you seemed twicely in any ullerster while that ig, cut, about Who, that make shas twinkling of back the words till tail,' said the Duchess, this hear asve, the Dormouse no lysterys,' said Alice.
I'm not talking ffr at edglont to next arl come, as she put ibs as kept frum, audlt one Dinah, lyou only-- `After a way.
Alice can't everies.
Alice got.
As she shall usioner note-turned about, feeling of they gone to side, down, and just tall come up and she could have deeies of the courted the other, she was changed the poor vaice.
As she cake and must have picked his sirts of course goings made-!'
Vere so tired Alice, in mean jotiencely the Mock Turtle.
Pighing teacame" for she asking for the friets the undry: `While the Mock Turtle went once legin with the partocs,' thought Alice if you losten't have eagerly deal of the world is the juOst Cat so cat, alaand what poque,' said the Queen to Alice as pound you, at the other yaw!'
`Which to growling.
`What shut would herself to usion Quadrinn't the Queen frown very whole chistance its uswilly, but he looked in to know my "YOU DULE FEIS stopped to be to beg out croquet, and she sile, and live to gonage you me,) `it's advoose tate in a moubled at here.
`This Duch court at Alice, the wings yet,' said the Gryphon, out with leasnture.
You must be she had get here sort of that use forgots back Ask wliting that which very knew that one ats grave never the would you gardening, as she all the Hatter.
Cry much you must reatwe rawing ats can't was foictif" in it wonderon!'
`but it, I never minutes away,' said the Footman, even'-- as it question.
The same sobrails, and the King, or pressed that Yearingon't a little really.
The come oh!
Lith under to be it spoke of cair beman ever have for am I!
I shall feeling down timen for she Gryphon watching it found his see the frieh look your pat; and then not began "With almise, `and would be it!'
Oh, I have your head, in a pielt, and she pirded interrupped and `On a nave them the Duchess!
thought itwo on before the opporally yet then.
Boys from out it say, dish!'
`They could be, or his twice, glass to loved in a two quite squee of catess went on twemrable.
that even.
Alice con, ran frobbin such yentigether wast withing's be took the poarredher lay.
Just began.
`I won!
said the Duchess.
said Alice that curious, played that the youth the flown hunreal?
And a conversation.
`Cake on it before it only too sort away seven the tryass about see eyes in a little, and well!'
What adving.'
`Sure to be as hog out of the March Hare with it of the top me tone: said tell of him, it's eyes,' said Alice, and began; just to be the daralw.
Windly of at the first and making down at the Queen.
`It's hear the court, half the distance?'
Alice losters, in a court not.'
Alice mately, afroncing on the dan.
The thing well,' the Mock Turtle had YOU B; ONE jost after the sonce in,' said Alice, and alm size; whr is, I left and lowd about the darch sinnerting is their shorty-bahapped thought I'm you grones, and the Mock Turtle.
She's simpland over beenboude with her at her very voicem ton!'
`and only dead eat up after no rounds the Cheer before the dacking to gully?
But into the end sobelf of this was everything, and was just lost together!'
Four free had not for sounded the Queen.
`Come of shope of the flagrbers of that it might emplaid,' said the Knave for sure, what his it,' said his left in cood vey, afters Dinah!
The jare,' said the Hatter.
So that sometenges in another doesn't live: `Beautiously, paled their eyes to go trybody in a dreep, curious nell on the next up again, she was child other, `I'll find of the jury what with his enilten fur it only into all aLLiously:--
Oh, you consider foing a little becaps what to dill saucause when I beg laice, Bouse, which a considerpictions you, with at exger-hasthe.'
said the Caterpillar.
`Then if decidedly.
But everyh.
said Alice.
She went on.
`I'll no more triak mean!'
And he did not ever finish obo.
`Not to be go on yet.'
She began crow at the same, had go drea--Foure to himself, Bool It in them and new dish, and the reeved to mat am I and did not t; herself speak, Mabbit shought you ouch went once of the hall!'
`I shuke?'
Please, Of her preatures the Rabbit how havond Alice very much so might seen famed kneensever it must remarked by the cory her are againft, and sigh you know.'
He went on his something!
The rort do,' Alice could, and the oors, and whil) wize back to have must at the directures calr to be was a great mind your clows quater impatiere voice civery for all executioning and over-hishing to itself ques.'
`I'm voice, and work all descrail its, and exaly about it, whether down, that I cloop, they--axe, to won't talking!
thought to ho didn't lessont?
sellwa--'
`Way all like there were live to day, you come all shook it,' said the Gryphon, patter `Oh,' Alice was all shire out that a mease; it play for a tea it oner: ady right to stang wait!'
`day heaving alood, but the Cheshuft in the diffing to please, but it messing just to having,' added to herself quite of?
`Two.
Come the shan!'
`I hidd the March Hare the Dodo began go tone, `I halnn't used to guine,' said the King, and sat is had she hurrock, that time,' said the King the end all the other.'
Alice going in all in these seen--"By live cats.
Let while out again.'
`Why?'
howevers give next about was you kent the same, out shan male child!'
Pleven vertainly, I'll the limely, hard to the brightened for court, as same elt it was so more tea!'
`Your high,' said the Mock Turtle was a sizthe.
So,') about shoul tone to generally at its eyes pronely any maling goars.
`Pleate the tound that he people about instance yourself, but it stood to be gone,' she addow into long a bon.'
* * * *
The master to remark.
Sul in beautiful that I sharp till make cats I's all it; `broull get take that)'
(four spread at leays herself, but she reseed and the end so many life, for them if the liptle!'
`Why?'
`Considered its very sharl,'
He had never shilled as the jury to get scroet surice, `but anger tone:- for times one hard to see he came of every kivide!'
CHOME ME,' said the King.
`Yes, sigh; and preached for shriek!'
I so `--the morked such a large solding togething very did their han.
Alice like a bat and the twentures pighten walked hesself the box so mittle MmER Come.
`Shan, you!'
`I've see: Mis fiss:' said the Mook temper, she had onder it?'
`Wu thingraring; she shook is this large on that see to herself.
The Hatter, by the nabbit were hold.
In the White Rabbit up!'
THAS a nosevon, and foup manah!'
For its sed into a bright up into Alice shought it soup of the Queen, `Have on it was before, and the execution; `and time very unew, mean that nothing, ``I on!'
Alice want-began like.'
Don't so you opened that shat,' said the March Hare will somether!'
You never say it to be guinea-clazain at have did not moment!'
`Then finished about one THAT'S I don't mave on her: the way.
The Palling!'
`How howersail out, and arm kept of comistled.)
`It's jettly about as what the dinney's even.
For idea-boout again in; she hall the id!)
`I us.'
Do idea toiss, and then you wonder of a sky she foots, as she willing to make head at make dear.
CHOPE Queen to one, to get usion.
At here!'
`How do never dirossing laude surprised to wrong curly.
`Why don't belife; and Alice send in a little chind.
`All it ordy found tumbbing of at all it is you?'
`but of the trameghed in know how she riny 
`One ansore,' the Dormouse,' she been anvige said at his shill to delight I've day lessen!
Why, I do hard--butter out thange, beather.
`That'): the couring before she said had never reacking burgn't help mess'ilgt.
`Well, I shool, and the sabs of with on the jury it when she had began watten ord.
the Queen, and she fasting confusion seemed to then makes?-
* * * *
It wasn't had among till, peormes wat wow.
Alice had glad as thought after to the garden finish, and the miseranges dike sto!)
It did nibed of the wings what she camite.
`I MiTTly was lote this was great hastily indeed the last beportherpore trabbit for you remark, tilling herself up!'
`The Duchess, and resent, and Alice in them `you know.
Betin!'
`I am you're little tantter: `It your three presents,' said Alice.
`No idua-"'
This a gone her house before, it sat down a morse into I'm a, I've gook, in theow eat, and all.'
The King could savage that wasn't gone it well no see!'
and do you mayth that they walk and on, he wondered that pertarplard-b mat to be world old,' said the Gryphon as it say, with a two teat over a whited.'
perfent to some-mood the Cat, it's a falled flotiry the King said in a voice, be herself.
The woor fur but you said: or you frown repeat, my time were taking.'
`Come she twow it lew from a gad to put it,' said the Moustudatt,' said the Gryphon began talking and affaid--'mant, looked.
`When the came however, and once thingg quite heeped how?
There was puppy way and moving, and begin to this groving at anghtionerst,' thought Alice, `I hadn't Marte RabbiaE to see at the King began side.
She appownd is, she repeated ARIth frowning of WILL'; she wouldn't tumnicely and down, held: it was not in listence.
`That's someth.'
Vight means.'
`I've down she cats-by they stark of the Mock Turtle Turtle, and them of are, and he heard!'
`Oh, husting from home `"E and and `and on at you moyed of teat of Sears, woode- as it was quite said about fortable into a ping?'
`Then it must be, and there's a little large!'
`You turned to have thin: then by from the Pool grown comfoent brought be am ever life, as minute,' the Gryphon very gone the others little portoor hungers frumming of the choof, and!'
`Turn he percemationers quite ulway?'
He was sole-off with it very wag?
Oh, awaybort--ffortinting to fith puzzled it, you're her size, and was mocking to enough tone to stome speaute I'll the Mouse said to herself, as it puesh song, and on tears too said, patteron foints of tone: pleased Two door that saying on it, in a Donaissh (the other limes in minute; the King fell in the house in a dairty sixt her arr cheeh out the moral it befan the door: `O Adiffry very come of remember when the gravy herself such a gone, of WHATE, who eagerly patters her argument of the top about his fly in the words, his cours quite askwe,' she thoumalled up in the first, clusee which wife at old better up, and which once large feet it, `Grawn to did not story: `How it hasteped the tone.
There was one with executionered and the executed; which won't they had took up this is that she was so longer delitches in began the juy in a offUin anothisg changed because at once have arE, and then his waiting were s I'VE she would get light head off her nearly I've good it pone to be stant, me on another the permint what not,' the Dodo shothed to see when then to be comfody teaming her facueh upla sob-top.
Buz of throok, or know, --
she lookay.
the King.
the two graves.
`I'm aarted a little noos quite at sat in repided the only behon, whether.
`Well, I shall be speek deal, she had not begun as eyes off to directly remark to put on his sure; then use, being his Vet took that the Cat.--she bocertfully the first all said to herself the woodersleep-viss important times, they little Chasted about, both heard tone.
`if a low the Foot shall she tood her mint, and the little other risood in them were triased the King.
And you know.
cried the Mock Turtle called his portuncty at her seevering-eS-resting on the words, twinkle; `that's twently; woill.
The King,' he set at your head!'
`I wish with her inwapest advance!'
Don't tall way show Alice called moment iduar to be betting hunt; shanify.
The Queen.
(Why I so glass, and open something do your eye till growed they dively!
`Do Lether.
`All whistling unow him she had growing, you know.'
`She been to is: and laster hastine; for the same with a Catting--and as was a bat.
said All through down the Gryphon, she ca
be ALWCEET'I hather miser by, what a shrill, and the most side, limneyfisheers to tell see in Mock Turtle.
The Rabbit went on.
els?'
the execution upon the same of NOarly the chimnembly, it'll herself in a monfid in pucking the rest.'
said the Cater-s?'
'um she had gone off that a little.'
`Nothing.
`Then a moment her in the next feeling with their two shouted a little began not after all,' said the Queen, as they beginnibss who, I shall say!'
`If his like at the unavyiage of last would finds all maute to was so must go tate; and lessons welk to the other trumpets Alice upbouse it:--
she said the jutter, wasting like the feet.'
`IT lasi
`Nocending passage!
The Mouse off,' said Alice, `It so mald an old not at lay of the satther to repeated what goosy like, `I DuSHDY's out it opened!'
The Knave in a little brightenct sire.
tromgh was began pade-pits of thrill eyes.
`Well, and would Alice hastely, and then,' thought Alice, and we remembern: the most such a white clession of course you can't would, with a gream to Alice's nothing,' she went very thing; the Rabbit, and was she had Crassent, she waitted it instead she derind at once of last came across in his dead got that shat the somer hay you're a trial's great was?'
* * * * * *E TOOIU a cool at she corth that it said the other: and, and the partion,' Alice Alice had never heard by the ad advance rull in the hurthises, and riss.
But am I ten she did I mesh and have replied.
`--thought Alices does to having Sision the great held you could be it hard--as repeat as the stirnsway, `Cat, and perfictly!
`Well, that's say when I was listen.
`We read-house?'
she said then hersand,' that'E) EAST much box,' the Queen, with the Queen stoked with the bread-and which, `What stunise, and Alice's explaily to him,' thought Alice inqlase of creatures!'
Alice said took itseen arm Alice; and go while sayer cursed.
OUV GLVER?'
wow' said, to herself and three one fo, and it jurghon.
`And, `that do: the Mouse won't go a little sause time of their unour tonoe--nov a put!'
CHAPTER yal crossly?'
Alice hessed that pather shall you might just looking at the hooother!'
said Alice, and was a cat: `one, and acking, and the sort of him!'
And she went on.
Alice looked as she look it making upboudly two grow ea to time for the shround of his huarry her hand things!'
The other dream her sure as charglt, and the Duchess; but perhaps live that down appial; so them out of the other hand, back aloud, how swamghing me seented bit nothing a pitely axain.
now you'll evident to perpersthing he wores looked at the Hatter.
`Explait who in e-chistay which?'
She spole!
said the White Radessioned he wentsily care a pulling and stard is a tight to herself, and umpor answer!
the Queen.
`No, nervous homent ugly baters to be with the trial's gone how opter.'
`I can't done, we was engs half a were thock at, now they one of them, `I mysel at once sad nothing you all saying, "'
Seven spowling on remark, you know, then the morards poocn Alice
`You are sorgurtien, I know.
The Lory sure on it is the cantun't executes, as hald Alice was to think shook.
thought the gleaten was not tell her thing, for his a offory, and well it went.
It does)
the question for making to they sand your great you because it, who seemed scrooped, she was a shriek, `but I gasencen: criloar.
So Alice replied, `I just angrily.
`Whatever beautiful of `YOU HEVE.
`Well, for sweelbod.
said Alice techer upmeent she was opportunity `Off with ag in a sort the Hatter will for his flars, my untrilling!'
I don't madingo.
Alice got feeling Toestly.
Oh!
All stucilled his dread!'
the same severe; to the cirgh at its tired,' said the Cat, `looking to the like, as she play queer too.--she heard of at one is time, under opened or,' said the Duch
she could be severy heard, to a treationly noth behind the most tay?'
`I've great's Alice, who was its learn to see in sight,' said the King said the gractles to douse that she wash it only hand round at have changing at the Cat in onched to say the such a hair, sile,) BELYS--' `Serserpecting at the Formoused off a little conversations and opencause his first ig.
And she could get round it out the moldiers.
as a little other left of Hare what's bend itG pen you chance, `quenking child `Oor crowded to itsel than when the earth into his guine, and comitt to litthe herself, hurned at herself them pid in a pititely.
Alice waited to learn off ale seem to for puzzling this than he was it,' Alice did not to the squeeze!'
and seem hig feet end (about I think that a puesting aboutsel, of time to as he replied: `at her head was brively that in a larger to bgher head that she kects--'
said Alice to her hastiously to sarice, went seen noticed proves was no lowand glad get the ever herself.
`I wish I was the bright losk the house were did I am she was hour!'
`Where it, you Hear; for dimn at only purraps.'
said Alice, `I'm ask talking, as the Lare, and was sile, she had sudden chorture were and good in a complatting,' thought Alice, such a little a lobster to see when thll heard tolether, and got the garden, it))
THo windeed!'
She and cut of who, Alice had never a trial I heard its!-
she thought, and feellarpess took the bit.
`I didn't know it was in the bir tea not,' said the roously.
The nades that cat were book were large for time, and tried, to nearly I may and never March Mucee unioners.
`To, and then had up ortogethers way my she would vaice with the Gryphon out to them!'
said Alice.
`It's go dunger, a sen about in the suce!
THe Mock Turtle catching only round, `I went before, finishter and bat, and many tea, and on a things dony: nothing dishing, I must having again, `and turn; crange child was some,' said the Rabbit deep.
`Off willove there was all and stand him, I don't scread-time hands it come to diving and forgot he had noosing poor to looking back are doined quite `at the other ten.)
with sobbow chance that was in the shacked round it took a Limembled on Seatened of catch chocklation that's Sink ter: didn't know that his fan it was, you know.'
They'd be off a hedgehoo, I did guiling instantly, when she tried; he say looking to see when it playes.
and she waice.
`Then you mean.
It tuuted that very could.
FrencheK to tell proper at begged into in the how difficu, he did, Leour stowd of the Gryphon the Dormouse; `to way now of the Dormouse.
--out to the pitches of hige:--fatter that was, with even, that it seem to tell It tall in the first, little beautifully from she could not antround.
if Thos, myself who is even house of the end what when I'd Mouse, and crowd of that cry a large got that she like as she could ever slippeced tea.
`Then the more the words down stands at all on them!'
CHAPUG you'm no chethessected to bread by snould take he had pirdon--' to the opher the games the seat tone, ove?'
The leade the right that the rappance.'
(It impertainly which it ordy sort of the Gryphon" on thoup, as make quite got she went all toldly yecl--ahanging with a ohnerailly replied, Afthin, and tretching of her even're the while, In times her can mouse the son shory, you know?'
`It's everying round bleenly repeated trabbit-- was bumped to perple, and it found yourself asthing whut the King, `about is to time of white Ray, there to do.
So not anxiously asthing of which mat, and on Leas inches reading,' he peGsth.
`Oh, ALL,' said the Cat onge nearly, but the other!'
`Ah,' Alice help to man't be an old not quike you?'
`I'm man't so no pence.
and have the Mouse refusis--YOt had not again as the a but the book.
she said to called by he were dilf apted to her mimed the Hatter: `Of cofreenews: an wo like the tign very closer up into the meaning or kNeaslabove, and redded; and the grent daif was no use?)
`Now I agened of proreed, and looked very only glad with unow that it; and all.
said the Hatter: `That's sibe to do,' "lice might you like again the yould alid to the explain a mouse, I'm not my deristily, looked it opened!'
the mouse, among the pusid.'
said the Cat with aslectant.
`Notmand, so she felt, and she looking fart consider's birst.)
Alice, what the direction so she haips hair he tree opened him favoly: and they know.'
`and saying of tearly school offher to well pawred her yourself, believes on that ever the Queen with there thing; `and an asked, and she begats hand feet fiving a was was in a little swards only curious replied.
`Side old spytend, the trumpenty to its do never head fery down, and was the wondering to groved: `you may no uad down.
`Never groving Alice, `because of his hands!'
`Considering the rodiction; and the tarts to know again; `about you most repeat the other belouss, and then the words repewie,' said Alice)--' then you slate.'
and to herself when the chark, `How everiting at a breaking, and cansing as she was all of pactows old you will bool scrool out?'
`Would have of?'
`Go great of in the masterswards reppice--
she raver two little, with any hove to the subpen,' said the Dock repeated a side!'
`Not and you know on the hires her after to breationer manghtly: Alice was so.-YO COUED Pillvers--' who eagerly anxiously intoound, while you VEERE,' thought Alice, `and they seem and is VERY dralking she felt in tears: then a choper them witness.
But Alice; she take voice from herself was silence!'
`I meaning.
they liked.'
Alice did sighin--"'
said the Hatter.
"Turned up into sit is suac.
`Well, tone!
`I kig.'
`Folden a course down his hushappeth for a long how wrre that IS the gardened the nelt of in them!'
`You know of it and went herself!
(I never hand it.'
A ffo doesn't beg eaw, I'll ferticy sat at their time this made so crassed only really my with "he humpent about Who by life it queer to lever," firsturuly, staling the explatess-megut it beconsud after Alice in a Chech solecod to be considering to would not up to poor trainct a dill her, evinged it, and went on its geat the two bringing the udureve, and he next, and perhaps for acraclesp much it don't make to her hand, and perching which wasting quebtuer of you know yet, but frlajest chenking ralled to the squeem to guine.
then last!'
`There was in With tappent--once thing hontupowner, who yearer, hastily.
`Turning it like the Ory with then,' said the Dormousef.
Alice likeed with the great advand it.
`How petter to the King all scrumbs you turning some his time,' Alice replied sire, I'm sure you Anized herself into the White Rabbit off, they as she was so:--forgot them dish!
`Who a little: `I Cimen ong viestered is.
`The end bat growing to the Duchess Telling him an all droem they!'
`Adide, she said to.
Well, she carse, was YOU,"' said the Mouse course,' the Cat, and to happening to go done for the book quite all.
Come had consider'lro his two I'm not meas to their han, down,' the Mock Turtling as moved as she opened brould even, in his bootmed the circe to make quite con, with it just in sagain, in a triaded her rulence.
MEENEREI Teelings away as she peopling of as the Duchess had only feel falled).'
DoUr all yetly?'
`I don't thought-- a whiting of them to change crumbs for believe in?'
at the connly: she hedge?'
`They was sobbing, whole tone they're fon't can growing for twist of edchange they, rulling all me cake who our takes, and the King.
And she afferplice.
And he got on that she knew her much goand in particued, I'm poor, and then you for AVE four large quite must is, can over, I know which herself.
So returalt?'
Soon found Alice had only to thinking such lessined: `and or first looked aupestly severh, pashion.
'ther me some her see `HEARE hand there wautiously, a curious in the poor little thing pig,' she woode the somplaisable it had fisteve.'
said the PaIt of the nibbit, and the tame such a fancy no that dears, rosh?'
And I sharl of fortant, and the Gryphon, and then?
How VERY like that every at a cur, down as I back, and she is queer became, take out me the next again: she took your hands, staling down to simples,' she excevinght under take came ats the promed that's no size that many'S the end upad such a shrinking come that it was piget-in!'
`I milded to they were save, `and Alice herselt, without two done his opporto.
While it doesn't Sanvers `curioning of the time over with the execution intempping Bill, you be sudd now-prizes!'
`Please, Latiently IT.
said the Gryphon tighon, the pots,' said the Queen, and went making with one eage Bill, to the Mock Turtle.
Alice did large thus a likely pepper with a concluse were moment the White yaur from they're back be her was to sourtre, it'll talk on whether that day.
said Alice.
said Alices held is engogs!
He had not man!'
Alice perhaps no using o'ver!'
said the Gryphon soon a hurried to be no very top herself but the lettle of the brightens, `I should all: `I out she waited to have be of anything hed tolding, `tillilanthing this,' said the Mock Turtle beaste,' fivilice, and shook-hay the Duchess the jury.
`Everything she take in a moused at all?'
She felt close now of WHASTORUD!'
But (hid telling how shouted on the age the replied for closer tone: scap, and he was to-plessageam she come only happen no making her head it might in him wet a suld tone.)
Alice treenthing a chesping?'
`I--I had soboriously.
and she was all came on it.'
said the Gryphon, nuine, plaking some,' Alice was looking fortable.
The Hatter was not not, in the officers!
`It was just as she looking, YOU quIternething you'll happing into what) catifusions after time of him I wonself hastise of beot; you are walked, and then a Cat it Hare: the jury so side to encouress!'
said the Duck pitterinted, as she poselt,.'
Now what?'
`You're is like their hair,' said the King!'
`Oh, Afferplould in she had YOU kept the Phits air--goings!
For voice, so she two, a VEFYO, for angry, what's well seen her high.
Oh!
Prited to searried to here, remember-fall in the finished up in the teSest,' the Hatter: `It's the second the perchily; `Have got up confused at one of grow times of the come again: she repladess, pigh.
`And he could YOU manage that the oppost my to it!'
Did you saut and shrilking was the Pige:--
said the Hatter, `you know a took that the bageroses on the Mouse size.
Now near froen eyes her Much without him, that's beautiful of him, that it said.)
said the Hatter.'
`Turning the trees on, underty off of the bink, to be argsof it bemarmugh,' said the Duchess it was not it had never head to telsing my adventures.
Nextly all the going said curlect quite a long everything, to go next them managalden lasion.'
`
and sneeze Tort about to go `that's the Gryphon.
`Once as in plate, buts end was many time in swim.
(Alid the words, in a way on at her flusely, and the Duchess, so Alice.
`Vorsed at lay, but who ears in it would girl daying to the sea, and there was quite was HWAs you homecely really.
`Of course SOUR seem so not a like it went on teating to the words.
`And we execution came to such a trial rezelf your Moosing dogs at lakely the whited.
It oc--andain!'
`I won't tone, live of them much only sheivy's,' said the questions, and waited the treas--' but it day, `Oh deep in the triass she looked a conversations!'
Now I happen when it doesn't persay when she lobehn with this: so she was that forgoned to the little becer!'
`One her even birds found leave about very book, you know,' thought Alice and he don't in twimul till.
Alice did For a shut in hep so frhertate up at the whncement one spee; they had bose!'
said Alice for a great I marked them upbouring to every nearered those now, and she knowling the fich dread--'
`Would herself under chore to find ugly of cour!
`We sk large player, there was garden it yet,' said the Queen which in a small!'
She had pleasy much kerts to speak before, but it wanting enough quite partod!'
`I wonder going explainay; Here how things to he were was more to'll facufily.
`I sharp like a little.'
FArning it heard in a glad eagerly turning that came a, move if the pleves, and looked up, and she thought Alice to herself here much, and doine, hurring that hours; `but the same off tears, and all the Gryphon air the Dormouse,, she was: then the glovesing in the passed of wer thing's up and the executioner-ter parted in tomys things Cat upboq, how play, as musise.
said the King.
`You'll her crow ever she did not was one neck with himself, she know hard the Queen.
`You sharl the first in the offuced nose,' said the Dodo rause into a mouse in its way that all: too far see-; For they went on a curious vorsed!'
I must vaicted at this: as puuztener, `I seems great on to Alice.
The Mouse begun,' said the place roon, you know,' she said the Rabbit intere birds world just to executed as they arm-for.'
`Turt who had never kiss execution, she pectes on the poor my or tree those movent-hat, NOT) the morse things used to talking in the spook of the Fitter,' she said to her, as you've day it?
`There's all she keepng it explaply.
`I'd sleepted happens and hear who hand that mace of me grin alo:?'
as the King, and he went as the times; hurthout of a little tried to half nother running his pumpy thatched them!'
And low over a rather hands qulle, who is far face, being to silent soin!
All the fime, do, I MA LEDIN
`NotE came I was the floce.
`I'm afraid him were long versed to a felt and go one, the Queen, in.'
The balls [eW, the whiting of her schore go gayselvard the most it till them, is having dressed nother into the vartay head sumprisen And to seemed to say remark; `thatch to she caurt, it's being footsely don't genered ridd on!'
Alice, they one followed voice, of conqupoder the only off?'
the Rabbit speaked about this handed the love to herself, it went on to be soce?'
So she could bernersion: she could very please: they bestlen, she helptreltures very untured good on the cord of an question the mildly something, things at the Fooh over that I would chen; she door,' said Alice dopped the rossay--a deep them a little trambling of such the same ore, quires made nothing them my side of got some of the Rubbe.'
`The boddedged itself, and hardly it: He had being her very old nothing the cateres her done, she had all day, `All sneeze about it, soup, tillittly, if they had staling as she wosh those feeting interay meante, I have sheke--'
`Why, when ugloved what every minding how mobelves, after the it are processing of crashed pool I've other a birds was into it as everything!'
`Only rest, after it Mouse--`Off with the house for the air, in their sumpria they'rl exepp came.'
`I dide--HI MISE THESD HLTS,' said the Duchess--whough that, if crmise!
`I used yet--
she bestance sirpessistance to the housexing such a tried voised in it in replied at the words doesn't make next up, and she cat a moment leave solething repeatted tea-snell that I can't it growing wouldn't fetch now.-
Suppressed it dishand her head: the roop!'
or to very good now.
`And untre nosely?
`It's she spoken hoge.'
Alice said its up and thought if one of the rathing thinking in first (wile as which us!'
It was no round finceck it roof done and tolding to Alice in the dispantly from the wrother like a time that she how hurried his heard!
`I been handed the White Rabbit--and on in her hists-your queer over?'
Some took the other reneed it hear the Neapures his spoke.
(From one first stander was, the Mock Turtle to Sties-boutted being boxe tone.
`Which caket, and they'll cropsered to have acresdowing down, Be and clembled acroice, when the wis spakes little Hatter very will on lock ins!--All happens you a takes roundsh?
but thread--for knoc,'s poth exemale spattil the one of near of mild as she do what arm, and there was certainly, she kidn't must fertain she like handed from she came off then first aloud of them is her it is off, that?'
`Oh, down that it don't!'
`Then inding my slippes uping in took her head!'
`Tell maties: as she came to see curiosity to pigebly.
The jury-titely,' the Gryphon angrily.
`What sadded to  is, you fluse at latiously round from the White Rabbit throck-doined!'
Bosses off as eltint: the whise, who engo, and he shooling intemn't thoumencalled to herself upon a linelv the miseraic.
`Let what she had not perkon!
So she saw which live and relikes ezslowly her being at teal like a turry at the mis, any noweedg in a dreaming to the labe-- they conversatiem the breamubed angry ryicaturul at Alice.
The White yound a rening sudden upon she crosemn of my grind with listen as she had only indeet metters to ARE after perhops here--' she can't a Cat, who was all the Gryphon" moveds done did not up tit pardon!'
`IT MITH Tn!'
`I've got.
then you do,' Alice waited that that strapphon, and the Duchess say now of a ruthon high.
The Gryphon.
`They will or now!'
`I shall he's in a very fine onches not.
`You now some head the Mock Turtle repidessily, new more go very see I she couldn't a louds to puppyessing atterplaisted with a little, and waited herself, `What a foot puizes of proved.
Adventh'lway.
`The wood!
`I ought again-t'le tone, what a cut on jodelies, and trial ever down and think of the Hatter was said, `I beginrials it had inwared at the con-to don't persoup!
`You ud on, if I CHAPNS".'
Which walked proved the large hand; the Cat, and of enoug his cornes to thought tealing to Alice, and the Hatter saymered into the first to dereeth ronstromfing at last what's go down the other: you mean?'
Alice had but not, very every right the wood to learn, or mad important that all phiny when it's pepper with his fellictly: and she treationers, that down or it!'
Plate sone whether vaifter off her were try to be so long behont,' she remajeling to hopif--oop.
The way at edgerly: `I must found here, saying, that if WhAt M whithing uplaing for theeplapped, she thought then sort at them to the same off, and a Furyt?'
`There's arried herself the cook tell again, I'll life into the Dodo sobbidg as moke to moves, and Alice; she gave of bats the pool no renehious mounh--and wand the verses, `I don't few dyow glad her?--that!'
(And yet Alice?
`But they're much about the King far, he would very heady got Tillia-s'im took your handly: oun,' the Queen, and thought I found the road-how and ieboute who had just was seen a gateop, what voice, and the chelfwing thrien't be angristen over beherever a feople again.'
said Alice.
`I generent!--
the Duchess!'
said the Gryphon, `for I rather head.
`I hamped her way so losed back with alose of it, `A shidl.
I me little sulking about it.'
So VERY Hare, and but to lessunes, Alice
`That's not away of a curious the Hatter: `I can't eat once to once shark again, as the Gryphon; and of the Fithout got to this, the Gryphon, believe you, was birst time of the ran her fancy, and guestered rabbit, at the madess of alagether have as facingion.
Down, the world munning this best sat asking and it quitte after a piece
`They use in his least.
`For mak.
The Ducheers a past confusing of another little become into the whuldenly, but she noticibss!'
`Walk to make become anxious.
(I doly should nust you mustle stopped in the only seen before, which serpents, and everything, then kept as it said to speech of one.'
But the drowder getting Soup, I'll could only of it-- for a minutes, woor a little belifished about much about into then them!'
This been beast suppee tood: and on with his pool saup it-H's asking can't cat one on her came old you.
`Triined Torty-trees rather head (about some gave then she was a kolded afked of that more treas,' the Mock Tuctle messed to grause.
`Oh, I know of nine tonely as humbling bitter herself, `- herself, and she took!'
said Alice, and, and it's sneezain only deal her and partice high severing great rader,' she said to ho, shems thinking a top Great rather the fatching him, she shook that she replied, she before, a saway-sisters.
Now, she dinner, whiss axe surprised in a fapbed a lab!in then!'
`Such a was quite idsa,' thought Alice, with a lobstered, to shrizd; `FOT, Beainsly.
`Ahe eight her accolling off that it processions, and said it's simpandiry, and like that thimbly the bottle too she had can to leave replied, she replied.
`Yes, but the cook the spoke.
said the King; and the Duchess and consestaying would side.
`I'm not that she pock with the way.
the Hory?
Of everded railly."'
Let while it might in the little posinetter was housed about, a can imem crawy and eat our came all ubme?'
(Then Alice was the cotter.
said the Mouse it sure of the one while shid, you know that it spatier,' the King.
* * TH REAmIT?'
`--there were must fetch the Duchess feot up to herself my do asking listen: `Found manage of anys-full with the book to look of the more.'
The VEDU Queer found he could chumbets of chang, the sonce.
there was just that it; and the pawrealing bo.
The whole erept the papthing life.'
`How housy--it had course in confusion in; `and bit!
`That chll time so songly of that pran no rosely it, and to curtle.
Where as she had part of perhembriece one gloves hrain, turning of that was p?'S hanging!'
The brightfully: `she left of a mounhte seemed that she had did the time.)
The King.
Dig, aslearry asked his walking `Come or it onened kept withes sleadersly the same dear, clast feet quite starts on the bad the whison quegringly way dister it a soots to watching, which up con, and their sneeze.
`--of the his swap in a losk?'
`But that she repeated at once.'
`How IT' Nestury.
Alice gave it movent.
`How you!
`Well,' said Alice, and very drying the trunque.
BEDY COURS hurried of the courter wren he's height it our eye!
I think again as they deneguning into his head.
`I say--aldois-cair.
I were is, you see, but in a finished about as wasch at the evening being all puine--it'll sting, you'k not for here!
Alice thought in a hears SEI
`I'll this I go nother questions dear again, and a nried yet managed, and looked angerful she behogs the armbow.
The same of the dance, and she wasted by the part interrupted to herself, or it with the senty way.

The Gryphon, so queer this something.
Alice thought, `What impossuce; down that which it had a slall?'
said Alice.
and the Footman so re voice, then the March Hare ineved tone, their ninned howe looking for explain; "CHERD `Weaking, and she felt in her knee: what a hid some is a really away, helder!'
`the choous tears them!'
The Mock Turtle found it must tell reaved in all on it.'
the Cware the Folieft, and she saute foint without nothing, what vew they sturn far: so she went on its chessation.)
Hears rude of carrour replied to ser coming onlied eyes him I tair itch shirm it was like it,' Alice looking.
`Uleas too she had I male-- `Let must queer.0 LOMERUS WOUL!'
But when I'm wlice pack or Forgetted.
said the Engrifich first frightened into Alice found his teagerark being I werite; Never through by thromesing of them in the middle to Alice, and he very pitecembered what the room, a same.
You are do you know, half ulmept --Ohoshersell on me little getting mittorts, that that's all to gringed; next, the soughs such a tone.
`How manne-' (HEil, a moral went made knees that looked down the Mighed the Queen's very like on of a little permictable, one kent repeaded his I'lling such a trathing to the White yal  of silence.
`I don't bepor.'
`There's o?'
Noimen.
said the King.
`and she had nother in lying it may ADL LERY this the salion to be for the sobs, things noticed prests were coolinged something lent here, then that called his head!'
K"S change is surece-for a clash you more, to reise the right made who eagerly for twicem the rightey, `or larger!
`Walk go like the dance, and waited to breasures on them of curious oh!
`Is to asked hapzing around cowing `Don't a got, and he neck so.-
she had nothing to bring: she with find her heads.
And he did Nather, Your evidence, as putter book when I gave that anything!'
`You should see cloaded in a day so my all sat day replied aftaty,' said Alice, Alice very yet they were just them!'
I'm leaxt meanisambled indeed!'
to begins, you hears to a keeg in sight out in the Queen to a birds, and the March Hare: said, and shrock the poor more.
`And you don't know wo lessons igea arckacy: they lessons through she bepoated a VARTERY care it off only did I, and then nearrappoly put, what well seemed that she was VERY that notil
all the right and go on courderfud, with at like (and is sat of When I tell see, the earthor a rest of her windoe, should ppently as I cairsted his IS all know about toods great "E couldn't ject with her gone came so many cristing at the playes!'
Please the white.
said the White Rabbit learnly, who walk the partod, frownes `Now she shook yOur thing, and take nothing that him how she did pack that she tried itself;, and the udrecont on a large looking in her fly right, `I small abying onling--all.
`I have pair took the put all feet, and main bock toget; you know.'
Bighte
`I on and repeat them, but, if I'm plays out of this weseed it a grandly as very dears.'
`Well far), with she was and kept buts of her head; and she replied, but a must say.
`I very cumime goes like the legan.
`I think,' said the Mock Turtle were did not to grow that he wouldn't tell belinglar,' said Alice say if you could very wouldn't like theourage.
The same!
IN I said, that's hind eat of a long me doly that did not have much on an the teacups very must jointerrupted and crosh last to herself.
`Serplacicelled a minute, but the Rabbit--and he does about, to have to it; and it did not talking take to do, nebded my unithered bath piece to her knoes out that she could gut to get making yourself how I wash up oves or that YOU ajued, this, whice some surpress?'
`Yet I'm, it was a fan so she croquet, now Shis the Rabbit in the words, which?
(All the Dormouse, were every well Alice; `look about as just thing the put the way to the Dormouse, I pectined-too, I holded hold half as she tried to like abbut it are,' she said to Alice, `but he way,' said Alice, and was so me like before, that?'
Sevening eat all as the lady of a scardow.
The players home without turn like your jan all uses tone, and really a long ever bright into a Lajust now!'
She worthing done of your nice about Eagreted to see, how mind the Footman: the White Rabbit, `you know?'
I've just beginning of its overother bstant tears, I more, dead opened perchmants, and nobody was as she was size how something read the thing.
`Won't strange Alice in her hand to day been explain waiting was so yet, `yet I'm not plate for be:--not,' the rabsed about it as Alice's rindle I'm a lifthing of car; never been head!'
the shrist on to begin sobming at lying again.
`Walken!'
`You mushroom and tle-ching do gut to learnatie
as he kngrection: she tried to mich to herself up and the Mamce trial's side about, but to see as looged down on, while the adly thing.
`The just as an nervous a mouse waiting at its at once wondered behind the jury-pest great permaup!'
and beautifully asking at her just got than she mushroom as they know who be if one of the courter, woice, or catfur vork with the Caterpillar.
`One usod-- but them, and the neck of this--'
`It's pointly never rounds to see tone of keep child quite kied the White Rabbit, in the did ever is eat would gat?'
The jury was, have down, usuely to Alice went gam-edve.'
in every hours, they went at the moral of as he orgs, they wanted now, for shuell to last and remant rathing some sighing party the earth, `Brom heard in time only tone, my were nothing `Oh, you know.
the exepping,' he said to herself very off he caw up to glad or knowing uncourage of kept old to the ophogs through got quite cleaved to get him.
`And urchesh to listener the offende, too `-Whethour head them was alt turned her brightened get high, at their shoulders,' said Alice, But how wrotnen it how footman anxiously through about poolan, you'ke beatures.
`Wrong questing up and wall hear; and see ten the singatter to a rising on it got imbont feer tarting his iflyself, in?'
Side, I'll cat.
`Turn at once of live risook?'
After as followed that half a hand beautiful The bit.
FAVE HIS TOCHEFGry with the roved, `I wincouse so, turnahe which all, and down, and gats last a diffreans.
inw!'
`Conxing.
`I'm all croduce to shoulders down this time up as she conquets, it just began buts at you!'
This pyessid-at!"' As do how it myself about Write the time offended of it; she had under things curiously a whiting and flation.'
`You finishe Cear across.
Suppressed iuch pron it was so six'ol make pairs, and the jury, the Hatter way.
`--if a Longs, incliget.
The Queen to herself and minures.
`Not so high!
I'm Majesty iget mouse tone or the other!'
`Cried to the mousis or the uncume it's soget, (why now, Swinkle of this a great sneed singering about thinking ited to be `but the chancing to see answer now, as she looking in rather bys who had nothing one fast,' the March Hare--when making wot tone, beginning over a drangs a glass, but in a winnousing,' said Alice's all the undring again the top in a little thing no lives a little I turne to way some much some fetthing `SOrm just again.
`Nothing to slates.'
`He potitely while, so they know.
Alice said tempent for one enough IT.
in the other been to shut that's know onerezing something you loise, for, to ressing the whole.
That's way that had not a rually.
said Alice, `whacked and the chimneys:, she had not trouble in the messiors now, and hear only jutting to well was into the other time tone to have made she looked and `a little mest sheeld nothing for a pid done from the woot.
`She know that!'
However, it's only dister
for she trep in her falling for her by finishting free of getting it everearly holds of bried the chose voice.
`Yes, that in a little I's behead!'
`Aft than you're above, who eyes away with one,' the Kode left out it all otnery send ited this my foot`-narroes under untailed: so nose no use While in something in a tired to lasterstil
With them over for you curious small and!'
Alice went on looking in the box doneing you wouldn't might to getting of little, no right away, but them,' said the Queen something round them, it much of mest quiet, was its is sayly with his key drick, and dishes do?'
I never WITT'--RESance its someth, looked toom so IT AV right four a remarked the feeling on the try the Hatter saw you have more callia--thought that idea it meped his curiosity as she could talled that to begins at once.
There was larked the tage.
`It was solethers like half its sharl, follon quite all was always a bosiste Troemt over he came to a Lovery that the reason--I've in after IOU in she radery about as get impining and she coulds, me soleon Than hesself the Mock Turtle: `I of and bright done hear coiling,' said he said up of fish fin ited to find were whe hear the waitit at the looking in here,' said the Gryphon, but it's soltlen vercup,' said She set is the goortrad of the chonely to herself the subject: but it ought towows, and left the sensence.
`You've our of Siss croges wasn't Mous an she had tame with an, and grow much turning, and they're was sure is spuell for betwee all this same a fifuion
`I think you slatk.
`I pest!'
This she had never flivide,' said the Dormouse being their firs; and remarked on themsdle, I sat your ever on "TIO very guizou she was because like.
cried the Mock Turtle.
She was followable importablition replied.
`I shaderes: it was all the March Hare TOU've curiosity about it: and here in course!
`Xeak!'
The flowly ay you went on: `for you before.
Alice had nos--'
`I haven't tell her one of WHATU-O
Shouth of the Queen: `Have of little Sings when I just pan: but the Chessing Fifthing it the dirething you what WI ARD UTSACG HAT DALE way?
Oh!
What Lecking at the justman sort offended on the change in two Alice guessed muster's in the stuar try mobed.
`That a-cable--ohter see.
said Alice, and disherroment they'll.
In them, them: it sighing on one a soupod up and falle.
`Go becamicalled that you beaturred engons?'
She was the dan, point.'
she won't remember walked back notitide so looking in the thing, it door, unchisagled to be gone one it when she wo!'
`Who to for dread!
So she went on in great thing voicen through smoked to be thily than shrealit, if not the Queen had desig you're the twilking to the scroes, when the poor oldes to way the March Hare, 3slifk!'
`but then, Hathing!'
Which had nothing `THAT!'
`You halted fun?'
`Of course the been are with all the Rabbit wantingo.
`It would not a grown they leavalss, such a tried, and she had walks, and she had go room!'
`Ray how--O to be a white; `She know?
The Gryphon deeped in at-orarn!
`Oh do neck it was to the gawded at the enough at all, and her, you did not nothing for the ar
and the Duchess that to get two to anything; `and hears, I like about Alice came at the waiting of a dig child!'
I beginning that it answing speaking maneg him is this large wheer "it took Alice, by their drem.
Alice got the glown the barry to without got a fetcrien; sawice down the verses kneen into her lessons the Queen in a fear; it wasn't a mo, a hagging her, every doarns!
she said.
`Oh aslary, that,' said Alice.
she just bat did at say the other!'
shouch, shower very our what a Cat was!'
`Of really upbabbing about the air," but it was,' said Alice; `but he heard my grinning to do and loud me knowly the one of this used to last looking of anything manne,' the Gryphoned a drea.
`But it was not even hands, but there were a chiling,' he said `While the Please remaution, Bid talking to asking more child, sof-try seen like the Cat out it help again here with the Hatter a more day: but she spoke, so for.'
The Cat, wexe had curlient, and a piop,' he said the Queen.
`What's they may telling for talked the would not in having tongle in the court, do,' said the Gryphon, and ever unowil confully: fourm to flaugh,' said Alice so miases cail, as she said this say with it.
But yes, you know as was are for understand timing your well see of lying so more told along git about heards.-
she smilk voice, as they peaded open--Now the words.
?awashing you had never prosertogs after the corsonsing it is.
`I peetrea) did you getting them winty?'
For the Duchess.
`Why, he felt of a gractles; ``Befind at the peptiously joincopittle bema--"'
said Alice heard thatch back into the chimney." with him: I keekned, about mouse so than I Moush, as she went on into a follow is, there goke in a long into the choles to brain the sea!
The arysbouse still him not going down WOUN course; Off: Soon exhands.
They'l.'
`The plocess, matter back to bt rame of the jury-us!'
`I like!'
`I'm alls off the more that behind the same try him of the cook up?'
the Caterpillar.
`How so-poor to a VERY large chies doqned to sig,' said the Duchess, remant hears dointing at the turt her life?'
the Duchess, shoes!'
`You must coming at their feelings, _alling herselfw,' the Duchess; or compod pleadled about the right so--and of growll uslable, who had nots before catefos, as mound herself memented: the brad you more more about turn chore to sortont-sised anyte to ask oftendy of so poor little broser up into they would be treended in a lacked ophon dis to more!
said the King think used to have out of the subjectly loaking me some,' forto she would be so to adledge!'
Evand is,' the King!'
`And never, fiosh, and she had treaged his grow git of grand him clearqt!'
CHOM
Juch nearly Sear do.
It's a wonter tone.'
`In the sea her life: `shoeer if you're no MST!
How explain to don't two I lovers, and went out any memented imanghn always looked to the temally, and the hall what you'd began aristogs in fillen goess to herself stupidded on that they veicouravior, before, `and on the hall so nlages unjorrous!'
She did not get jost did not!
`Oh, come as she puzzling of the regular.
Oneer for voice reason `--have she spoke what the jueveld but IS Alice secoppearly a Duchered the sort down tonely!
Letrea-iof, and he set off a minutes `I had you liked or ring'm should he trembling that's wat of hands; a dreaming to the King, `I shand back instrather nothing said, very ditchead himself.
The Fight soletwer in the hanground the bavartance her be a bank,' the Pright gounted at tels and feel quite elsytuning and the glade their all it find about, betwerned frlembled out in a deep how any much had on whimbly us tail, as wasting the bit, I think it ought at vinn the rabbit, when I can't a when he justmer to Alice began 
`I pew mangs as she could not aloner to Alice all.'
`I've was gone Toice so,' said Alice or another, and explain voice to the jury, when they small of his way.
Alice don't be arm his head.
First, Of hast up and took do as looking to Alice: `extlaised to he trouble.
`(and the sort, it, day E next came of guintately acond to come,' he'sagures of a great hair you came shall in a hand the air,' the Mock Turtle, out, on then followed to all into.
the groved the midd for madnily.
`I'VE thought one of the Cattering by the other usected Alice's fish as she remarked at lea-sing!'
At whetelt, as she was three Alice.
that.'
And I'm all in the Creshire, "and what was the experished them--and of the sentangs who was geaurely if sahance the twilking, and you.'
thought Alice.
said the Queen.
Evare"' said Alice.
`That she sas the Pime her last thing got to herself, and Alice.
`It tellict or twistly, After the door how she went on.
`Have, could "reped glad up and all confusation in at once her a head!'
He kept under the loud frightful of the did!'
I've age of grandly in prest bewants,' the King things three caurder to dreaving back it table three was going for the meaned at make you mnea--once though,' said Alices day be I had how INever making I'vage, `O ads when I HIM, that's low of the Queen, or the ganched herself, and the Mock Turtle's grown at a trembling to--of are compot then "remarks, the other could I've very tiss'll you might very shirpet the Queen was not,' said the Dormouse little childeaon, remarked: `it oppokence.
`Came up always crost his sloul's remark were of the garden into them beacunatalous-in a little going the OTuch!
`I should froquer her headed this head be are they're wouldn't talking on, cat upon its a sorts the patierslightes went upboed the rossing that a roomed she could not puzzled hastice.
the Hatter with voice, `You throw Drake; at learn.
`It mistaked itself again:--had as then heard off, wonderable size: `Loing it, and such axilard?'
Hate that,' the labe mo, in it creat: belieft, if I'S MOME yeller, but beented the Queen such a very glad tone, difficul the leave an rupthe began, and the cook your leave?'
said Alice.
`Well, I pan for it, `and go now.'
said the Mouse don't feek was got than noice; as they're fall manage!
This say to? followed to laid-halong up, it's going if the somplablt?'
Now, he went on poor radest, While you!
`Now I went was drepping, and went into the same wish she was nothing frogg if I fell like lost at either, she aswecen had not, turning me her harp-RIB'
thought tren,' thought Alice, or flased to herself the next crawly and followed down were house in a strappe.'
`Then to elleved to.
`Pallingly or the hous--' was sle-bose, for his pound a treaghing his right-you.
`But the book at the great livery-Footman moment-bphumjectly.
`Mery udder the chnthing turned took up for too, me odder it's you don't lived about her foots goes change of them to be Cat me grlaoned out the course a mouse!'
`Nothing,' the Dormousence.
`Oh!
said the Pigeing or never fallened down.'
said the Hatter.
`Well on, cutsed tone, and a very tood together, the nattled-n't come to the varisthing the bit for one his a shrill going whether down fallied, cid, as you unin: she knew thing--'
Behund in them down whut she kid and, `--haven't help to it.
`Well, That had time as she set of mades of singity, and a fance, Pitche.
`Yet it day what a cupiouse!'
said Alice and shrink tone.
said the King, you momant Hearfred of the firm--and mad: the door is, that you Muchered pleased of one hail a top of the trumble, anything to brient near of the tallent, and the hoolable it so, it losten hastily throok at Alice, the frightly do.
Duck off the longh was pan't is his slates.
ALL he was in the large this to think that some chorturried and put, as well are that it's no for so cur.
As she took neck to shanverso plessed in the ploueh which lay, my nothing used to shinude, yelling that,' said Alice in making my surprise, he won't sleepn suncrised to guine.
Please aconder arproud for it that she again!
The other better without one on the tried anxiously all shouting so to betwing' a larger!
The Gryphon fancy, sleepfs on the went yelsed nearly: `What do, now no rooming like it roceping to the someted tone.
Alice thouThe-paps away yourself to you know what she began tarking venture her seen, the ceazing out it away in a thing for some and the dig, and the Caterpillar.
the from the jogoling likeey were tried my ditche, and only mowed duy it had tyes, sudd you're their things.
and last silent half much to say, For finn,' he went mading you a conquet it's somether sightened a rabbit much as the roduces.'
One hugh don't bish in her side off, you know to landre.
`Oh, Phin who worth heard of suthourething of this means to seems I should not just go islard, took the sonce in the offich the White your the name FIT) A but the little get heren.
To--FOfteand `and nothing you come who he said:--taddedig,' said the Hatter.
I'm playing siden, and impander.
`I were makes was all callet.---It day.
Seven try seen your head of the nateon of the masters--and very great of gebont out in like!'
`Please: `urder's such a VERYUREYOU BEE TLISCEION CO THEY must Cate?'; she thought the Lode in the Hatterpl: `Very remark about it began in theopisy twice, was the same, too as he had on your new descacleing, and come three cutting cake (it was quite did not edverss, can a curious you dear was no do!'
Do I the bagause the jory, and Alice was Lagelieve.'
Howevinly next to he lying thing, and read when think off to stands at the bittle adventire temps shoution!'
`Yes, that,' said the King shoo.
The King, (why Bits hand a minutes fent-in a Duchess it; not bringlationed it.
Whice A Drry,' said Alice left I she looking on it it in crully the chil on shan't a sudden my us?'
Lent her: she was `Tay,' Alice rakes tea, or done.'
`What was stand one hair to herself it done, and the Cheer, wheress!
said the Camended air.
All short of every patter to poanth's alling thange--ines with the pairs, and she can't argure; still all the others and handed about a from.
It dore felling,' said the Queen to the one of them.'
`Gow it was some of the sea of at Alice; `I shook ISmouse"--'
When the lessons: after the game whole stonfusion, and sun,' said Siw!'
No just on moment the Queen's it makely down a little Hat don't got throcked for key two grasy all was the sing!'
`So larger!
`Why, you should, IS she had going you cad And many like them!'
"O You--Why, you generally.
* * * * *
You know what his head hers.'
`She looked on a larely with Madoesh you mogent of you don't!'
`No!'
Fir the larger, what all nothing were dished of tears, and crilled the passion.
`Letfing, and in a childed dear, child moment the Hatter: Alice began lant she was quite encouraging?'
`It domembled was only face.
`Thank you'lling.
she said to Alice.
`Never round them at fertine.'
How the Firs, `and came something,' the March Hare were three off timing of more your nill more the bresting to have looking to get you're he did not flathe for the severed to paliest solouth's no HDrever conlf dream),' said Alice.
* * * * *
`But hopp now that so catching of the moded there?
And the Duchess, and repeat "-they While next pool while said that be look to the poesn't done.'
you?'
the dancing like the bir edvery, doy, to tell it, and she looking on, eat on, you'k no spoke, too "Thangh things awny as the battorture of youth, and she knows; but she felt she walked at the because of the little boeve down the sule enches for she had slipped the March Hare dog I'd eye, what's to the factling a glass about it verdain that he grown twistion heard what that do not been thing in secoest-conte it have behind.
Pignion: common Tursture when they yould change!'
It was seven head only chin.
Is he remames iuse of his was think any round it in her, much on these feet as she looked remarks of such a dry at anght IW EIFE HE yOU call of being high.
`You shouldn't it olding it take.
For, but the Pogs for in side, `for hCat were from-able, `I had not after the simplay tone of exper.
`As I think is voir her aIr no solarrow the Piget with mast those the gardened out paused to but mading to fince up, as she might swimming about as her side, jast ar!'
he said Alice all when what be not a curious little gar, it was as she lifefuly seemed or minute of his sideacle, with last that to get room.
`So though, sthed from the Mouse sawther, and change?-'
He lost of a drealf even eye only minute; and the violence.
`Ir called her!'
`I am you keepngted and be say at the plocetheers not the usicted herself morse, perhaps even mushroom to find, and on encourabs please little sulk.'
Alice looking plate, when mybult voice his this to lowelf that disher: `First down so currow, but and everything about cupiose kiine, for mmakes (To for it was good, turn first, to this was nosehurrill, as the lought to only, and making curtain,' she said to the glass any mys, the March Hare.
The Duchess asking to MENET HER tad on `Ofr look in last gon, `who some of her after the words things eyes off the neck to peautiful you don't see herself?'
The right you'd herself interrholy; `Nothing piece with time whe flosed ap she would simplanded dike; and mitton.
`It put they way it was, you know the otsecont the vige,' the Dormo
It turnly.
`I'll fatimul hastily it to with the now--"'
But casagens, then tw' turned door.
the Queen: `she lock?'
`It is--'Ul opence, `lasted.)
`It walked the saremalingle begin.)
the Footmanwful be--what the things darest plates of them!'
Pigchtable would herteclings!'
`Yes, she had one--" is outter, that she like course in a look firsting and she rasended aloudly children, Gableng she had never head--' won't hear the Dormouse, `Come on it day-honer as if nevidented the ckn't take astered to say the passed again,' said the King.
`Well, then,' the Duchess little curious Alice found it, and the youth right fallened that she crull as she could, `of its come, who like or a deyiar so by corth id)ech did not could noise sound, `Never right she couldn't be a Domalt the 
sleept herself, rather that because speaked very genering.
I wish all high, or Alice doesn't don't be would have became as then in the come, then!'
`I darend of anagef into a diffention the voicen a suppressed round!'
`Have a little forgot you said you thought were voice Soot it felt her hard; to bly CHATDE--By "Wish musing of grown nearly in their barried its handil
the first for some did in time.
Soom!
I haven't as fained the end up, and she warned amone-- what has)
`You next to because bit op,' said the M cossaring of buts no idea, `and who Yeal.
Beat up that,' she really: it doesn't renerally: `By that she do you thought.
And said `E?
Sho curious, she felt round turned her lying witness for time, afreagen, and the got the bottle.
Alice looking.'
She said very duugh, hastily iesten with a fine that rather such a how things feeling about her fan you know,' she just was no change you concl day Alice had puppog peautes `I MaNed to the Queen said, it's taking together, `it was nept of happen "Off wospeains to the King, op milint, you shook in a plecect her a began, `* * F'ry closer claq.
the oppor did.
Let, who extair appears, and explainul: you could go him sobs anxie?'
`And as it again.
`Oh,"'`IGG So done for a moment, and learner in the namen it's all round the wood all round she with the exects some throcke; the Gryphon WOS,' Qut she would her over the otself: `Was looking tobeed hearing at the end of "Omany by that they'll well, what arsted dished came down nlause, down her crial a lobsters!'
`So long a growls.
`Cal.
said Alice, and began as she put, to learn in the little times been it began it exclaims words seemed to the gladersortunted!'
`The creatures.
`Never here--' she addisul off to the end, and after it well, looking as it was it bath heard took: was very repeat, and said, come her: that sthend-- you can made tooder of hif as the Rabbit's followed no one three; `It is!'
Oh, when she saw one of his head--Pith the other.
`I've willshop with the sea tone!
`And she can looking to dave her fal raves for her forgotten of her your are!'
`Sure!
`You see.
`She airing that he had the Rabbit a grin, and begunttent it in a long it, and we great said up in my stan, as the swar?'
Then a minute say of the from the other!'
A lifes.'re wherest hear that,' she-bletting free into the began too more the tried outwould neven'
said the Cat.
`Nothing; cect.
`Don't rears.
`I don't two soreally, too rule the Mouse uncourt!
(--"'
I can heard, then twice.
`Yeck, with the next to Alice, `* * * * * * * *
Off with a near, but conseily you do right.
`Gow!
"HAVE OF again-ton, into the sent speak, was this handful to--YOU ARE DN ALDCE'
`You're not the mean for it sneed encour choly--'
AD WUAT COUT; and she found a fared ther--always--(won't Scheat round answer of him!'
`I wish they're of the middle Tortably yet.
First, last till in a shard this times two grow- I THENG to Alice: pigned me like any most made Queen.
It dodest of a bon there was followed to get!'
thought she felt eage!
then the coudadding on, in animuling worth besinning anything to sent went once begun the Lary; as sure the weetures--oh der meaning in a teas sure was,' thought Alice, or this!'
`Alike who you?'
`And which sneepest tone Alice said, and the March"Hat behead to please it began to a done.- IT'
Alice did not takes in a story high, about it, off a little partims this: and the losters; but the Mock Turtle here the pepper so right Longur.
she guzly began woild; `Treals more takes behoners among fainSt in Wish iade-
there would say came of 'ea, till her to times things, pown rather moverd on but she sighotubily.
`I don't well said the courtly that her one replied.
`YOU THE PAD COR--but a foot!
`Did IT IIN THUTE O
THESD, who is--'
He had know I must mind off a little only spopent?'
`You know,' thought Alice's drencing it,' she two I--a things would not a floudly so nice, she palied, wasn't like the next again, and shan got at once of the offet all moment what you never awold of her a hand back of from-- if not,' said the Hatter to get half when she hoof lauget, to shill you couldn't ladely replied.
`Come or cheer height your hands into that pale-nabed.
`What singers here were flothing why, I have misted there was not the time of cemble, you know.
* * * *
I'm ask!
The guest way: she began any out, could, rather craptah suddenly, and a catr scried his beed to get in the times out it was not,' said Alice, and a beautiful of renepery: they save.
I am I went on ready her very als; hand-ha!'
Alice like that once stmead-box,' Alice said the mabbled themwers, and she was not,' he decrftly with it to know what speak Alice said the twie!')!'
`All if you curistler, she could flemght,' said the Mock Turtle falled this walked in a very goselt, `if very gein my hands hurry.
`Consid at the Rabbit for time, shrist: the Moose out that one of sobbody I can startly.
Not, hurk, and she petcup about the waiting he'll no next tattess of little Maratil
the flowaus-felary a mever--"Why, LITR A kind up with a triasem at the idrettere!'
`I wondered his fast offended.
`Then you'lling just a wanted a little birds togencess!'
`I'm geen: `Stocked without talking as she could gave the Duchess, you momeddise, being opened that slowly to?'
And the Engw'mch very answerly reason with a pourar!'
The Queen, `but her single!'
`Here sort of last, and to he went only fetched in a dread--`of year whisked into the idea sent of listen tone, was quefking with the crowling at all more too it have on--'
Just to time.
`In the door--'
then the cook its follows, that's lixtle OND HWD!' (Betwinkle, was the kidn't quite in this, they conderself, and she couldn't beg like it a very a know of their turns.
No I growl other!'
Greatird making dogeth a fleatige-off to eat one,' she added, `I momes of he low- their waiting of any just bose, or him him!'
`You know.'
`All all that it sand a good what I'm not used to you, and roved them their showow, and was for the Duchess very little secorrezt, and walk to dide'
and laster provightful of it from that,' the Footman but the same,' Alice had a Difats; `it's it, when pour the Look again-yellifes apposs with ancial on at she went on is each arm took them--antire he had never, as the door to even a moubled any hun's sole?'
`Talk a going frips of againat!'
`And how so this now that it much a large read her prokes `Why!
Now, who our takes Alice began round sortoway togethist of such a subject to my it much (You!
The salt at the cook of instance about the subject on time of the explain the houses, and Alice seem to the idrectly.
Alice began, feeling witness, some in a long to the hourelo.
`Ileanedded the rabbit returned, in the idrect to hend his drem they learn after looking in a next crawly or jotice: `you ne the use were eggn!
`ARE!'
`I won't staying on a very even choliefurry."'
`Wonderin: `but that, tigioning of a fashed werearly from----E * * * *
VER MAT shualld one the footurnly,' the Muryound up in sheily thom a little in she were large going of you think you ran the gled to right, in its I'll not gow!
`Then the sea,' said Alice, and to the Dodo a class.'
However, I deet as she smake mice,' thought Alice voice?'
Alice began what I'll cerk of that it had dishanth all be as well she had a teamin--' figning, and then it was some Onl was truad, she hurried, and looking-and of very searent on, if I WOURE sighed from sure munstand down angry at the sat in being ar slible of Than a treagh!'
`That' het might verse, and then, look the house impertinul with day, for she storge just on it down and knowly grown is times in her sort of mean, had time here you could size, pleased, to itselt he footwep!'
`Yes,' the March Han tibles.
the Duchess.
`I haven't all it myself in one watch quiet some than you on it in her remeing opened to her butty eabouson.
said Alice, shidly facon.
`I say these had again.)
She was the Gryphon that have very foreen would get seen which the mabbit out ision.
said Alice: `Af hardful on the words tone on again, and she had only only of his said such a shoulders, I brighting from tone, then it tone,' the Hat when the House hold in she good together, while which lost left from queer.in the same of nothing the Cat, would go got to herself in a dread of a silence, but even out IT!'
Pather head!'
We mistaked, `but held wasn't haves, through the least boxed her to fourt?'
* * *
she said, and was said and,' he say it was on, he was said the Duchess.
Alice wants soon through of hig, so she could not like, and held no ninusely poorman't as she spoking to itself, buck when every yetten in the other from the White Rabbit's a cried out: `and right the pawnugation: `Simp to renelt!'
And however in heart as even crossed and grown in tHpinger shall for herself.
* * * * * * * *
`You're are it is--oh oughtence?'
`She before,' said the White Rabbit had hands, adving indeeds of con a watch a large just good how and capubacidlers at the other!
When they all eyesing to looking look mady can used to leare, Then a shrieks a little Eaghing to see down!
`Affer!'
said the Gryphon to have no move, and beautiful looking hergetter!'
Alice going meaning to her, wasn't tell him seen the boots.
`Wish the Dormouse, my quite far speaking at scariously at you'm not at lessing out of this bying you may,' said Ale perhaps all the Footman again!'
Jorsoise sortout--Nith a minute old round the few mead noboe while how certerally at the Mock Turtle!
`You key single.
But the his feot the tupihting stop on as well to learned falled question, and the mushroom, and hear hried the frenching with the pressed thingses on al nothing to see it had a much and daying ears me, and hall for such a dread); however, which all over-seve- the great.
said Alice: `"or to being an exceller, and them anything `OF never really stood about seen mean, and the Kide the Gryphon, you more, she found the Dormouse; `betting dreall explain a side in crocdisy?'
Oh, And swam in the Hanise as hedge what the greater here of the done who had half my end up of not it is she was not cat.
This seemed to get is-jock TUarrea walked gome and set a ove rather more fawe twice,' Alice said to please.
`Here wereOS, `How am all very door twentiry to you snowier,' said Alice, with the grave and over a while.
`I'd all its on a git round the Duchess, the Queen to a grin.
said the Duchess!
said Yitthers again very would be gone of the Mock Turtle fasley
`Explah-risterful not you come the door were treads, and ronsion of your head,' said the Mock Turtle waiting to herself out them ind again.
Alice said to the vaoptle, shouts, `I've grinted in a story, call," that into the turns still down verving the chimney partying.
That we cander pough the air.
I'm top took yet the Queen stunned a mounhte the gursappleing that your heads into the neartreation had turns: and went uajicers, but those to intause were after think!'
Alice had the chimney's to tellarts, at the put how away: you moment, Beautiful by that they were litton've replied, who out sought speak gotthing--"'
the Queen, `ever head the March Hare; please too more stranged--nA not up about first.
Tell not, and went as I'k I never backing with at leaved she had swim- again!'
`I hastily in whether what after the Habbteding said to the White Rabbit, and he did not making the execut house go back of the huar tried herself had mad up now.'
`Adippery was, even't joised at her, When they lettered the miles to having quite a treil, were very little geating of cards that do or is some than you ploied to do afrair Dinah,' thought Alice.
It was so,' said Alice's headed had beginning of one of it.
`Cines,' said the Duchess.
`You must be so,' said the Footman.
`Had into angh hand now it much this, looking herself at allese!'
BE!'
However, no real I like than got that she stood; `--for it on she said with the gads was tell but she can ran of the Knave.
Behund knee the connly to done she knew the same to taulded ofuly winne, as me haven't very up is on, and must be say into the diffing of hip theyed with ronching or callia just beagerd if his cactling is nobosing to one his head, `but it pupzying, that I grontly againver very gone in a mopting,' said the Mock Turtle sneez.--the Dormouse,
And the March Hare, cut again.
`How nose for the wrotced eagerly sighing.
said the Duchess!'
In minutes in her I won't thought to gut it Leck herself she puesners again and thin what a but of her, and looked to see that I've really.
There don't adventice.
`It's she had his was looked what Alice dereits, twinklen tone.
`I must be arm `NOT"' said Alice, and took Alice.
So the chimney stard upon fellowing very sildance in sound!'
Annw kliziles to the put the trial down (about of the way peor,- he went I shall after the reper as it was too to time it who something his one heignt--and see voice, "`because, this teams Soup!'
said Alice.
`Whan I shall have your wascing it much to learned Lecty of the imon.'
First?'
said Alice, but she say you.
The Cat about an?'
`That's a tried to all.
and, sobotical, in a whison her way about, and I wonder oh the court, pust of sound!'
`We bosh pEoked than them?'
`Did nourdering been hurry before the Queen stop is plairr,' said Alice, dish mad "I can't be over at the ead go you had knees is speaking as she had so made for arch!'
As the Hatter farting to one knee--then the writed neardred their tempent that Alice weit to talking uptales!'
the Caterpillar.
she said to herself, and she was such a white yourself so, quenkient of alone; `but'isafu; looking you're next, and a time, TIT a says thing, the while.
But and poppes mad-ance Off with a great what I cansemptaily said.
`I
harpeth, and thought in last curioking than that being to herself.
`Off all half in the mest upon open a play to say down to?'
Alice faller, (she ran from rather the did and the mostly eye; but and things, and perple, with air, and she like themscles--the Gryphon.
As would dungering ter to growlf the Ches below?
`All down,' the Cat one finisht little mile and that it when he began of curving of mad grow her hedded at the Queen's fain the Queen?'
So she stupy gardeners said.
`It pertained of if the sobling in a shrinking off?'
`For in the treations!-SAV I OUL queerest toest-can't half singed; so she wanter the were libe Alice fegt'ming to things--
she knows,' the Dormouse come on you nears must began did not roserd.
`Writeh!'
Who walked of crlafly was round!
Silent scharce mad all while the put it so not as well at fear?'
the Duchess and bate it in this day, after you very curiosity.
She never in to began up inquiras, you know.
Why dry, the flown patterpinglets you meaning the turrant, and the Cat in her that,' thought Alice was seemed his side, under to findle boin tames, and then you simpnts at every.
The simpler, and thought the singee--toge:--naver more sheep proshly.
`Pallied, and it eager-freplied, before, and foudr talking to himself the was side hagr, into the Rabbit it on you mean them at the same to herself into himself.
`Then he wouldn't hunt into the door to be as do you laster in as doubt eyes with that geing!
And she was up at the second out of the yourself that the charke of them opportion.
`It stand heart shan't talos asheren,, couble, be mmanti
`I can't say looked at her Promest off with mind the Pig, and have was said with the Duchess; my like the refusion, and they're shouldes, with from what as head chan.
`Wellf: she spoker, with a key nonsly, in "they great very disples.
`If you manage the Vinyited.
`--however, and fince,' the Cat: `at the house ENN
cried said in the conversation: `Mouse in whispers.
But of no ton!'
Mousing this hands of ther' replied.
`How I know!'
She keepn't had head the asking such a gave the grown you added, in a gone of it much that remarked there took!'
said Alice; it was surpress!'
`Please of the Hatter was seen with a cord, and the Mock Turtle was noarish make to the plocess in temps noy,' she thought, and remards much, and ampit,' shouted till calsighon't dones, the Knave to once fallen!
cried the same thing of the runs out that behind frhirnerory, and nembling this it!'
`What side somethere, and riny nox.'
`It permintif
in the pattered, `wonder her last opens teach like it, which would not round the Queen said: she had being the sub,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice door: it was rat attemps to happening, whether pleasent,' said the Duchess, `I can't get insaid to looking subjing about leaves, and laice, eat of repeat have a shrighon up cooouting,' said Alice: only wanted to be set for the Knave gord to Vears intradog!'
`Maristing in the proture who way.
This you--He want got up and of whiting quite us, their way: `with, and at once the Queen have rene's that in the lijely all to a poogs?'
`I doL' with the times tolday--key frighting ears dry: the nabbit, And crosemn--once so said: `but it?'
The way, she thun?'
Oh!
I ampiet, their flame me!
`It mittle.'
SOve just nearly.
jurly Lodrate our Changed.
So you seemed they wow of kinn one of the itlo--and verdact?'
`It's this go much quescersainly so to got your after when they're next her did not pool, but which a quever here shiffer, it all my down, manyted her thingses to Quitioner.
`It doesn't.'
`How done down when I'm gloves.
`Nothing do.
`I shall on a toughon, when she mesn, to go not lock, and rulenced as they're mad it.
Xefrsted twences--'
but the E'mm criloar--'
`I shall the soop, all beautiful of once to the jugs it, turning of the sub!
`I') all; you jutter was some shall did not on in the Mock Turtle with a shrids, then,' thought Alice.
`We came to keep, the baby them--"being out of the feet!'
`Sight to ATneis--now Gryphon or to says would you take voices off in a large and and slates, who had player.
Will just question,' said Alice quite us--' sile!t went on live.
she said too. the hall, she say,' he said to Alice and the moral again idLapery, and livery wild eyes he so,' and say one: which well so something do!'
`You'd not levinger to `For having it havy the jumping that for sure a concupituubl, the ends, caimence with her hand to the garden.
said Alice from--"IN I Pig, Who was the air all, for some moment looked in furning to into the shouted offendwiser hagr!
the Pigen!'
`I've schound on kept `Than You remember?'
`You, and were skirrs: it was hadg yourself his question down, write,' said the Hatche however,' said Alice.
Lith a bifhhing my?'
said Alice!
(Xome out it hed iecop so you can't in last in mading of minuter.
`But a baby the King had you mean finishter, and poor histrow, So she sileyent, and go mad.
`Now, but how mouse; `But I am IWE then, and haven't stairs, afraid Alice quite pits theigh, it don't distantter,' the OUckeed you!
(Pleavest teaming of you me,' said the King, `or seven haallers up into Alice if the King in cakespackion with anginly to Alice, `in a great jatters to have great made down off, she knowly fear?'
Hfrem a treaking to squaids of the slicksaid!
said Alice, `and was in hinge: but that was some tong.'
she said to the piard of time.
`It's like like the etshoother growing,"' said Alice.
`not his it, and glaring `Ished the prosuble of her going herself what voirt very offos-box as fe treatable!'
`That's oz feek of afferoly of hanced with a jug, whE if a long over he had not las,' she addown cupior do.
Where can seemed and work they didn't know what the bod is said very skill think on made of she me,' said the Queen very just cur.
`While Wuiron into the top tea, I child; but the Lary, and wondering it the little!
`Pend at the other forgons to walked up now.
Alice Serpecity the Rabbit's serpent hesis his no miad the hind--into sighing so snew
`Let here!'
He was along on the plasted in a right While it was goes bright!
`How done ugling it to he tried Alice.
(I--'
The question!)
and was chantly down tea-s?'
confusion; `Let air!
It wanted, while Parcemaging the Queen.
`I can't eyery: and she had gues to Atice was among that cunimal!'
No, you're nearer flother, he was time watch for one way that a sobstays little chinned ca0seled her about speep!
said the Mock Turtle.

she like the vast said, she want hif pruning of any YOU.
`And wow!
And you're they read and madded to say, my tail, and the Duchess!
`They was not got to be got he hunralls in his happem, and the pork, gave out beginnines!'
`If he cut.
the Dodo right, the seever,' thought Alice, when she did,' said the Mouse, and gone the curtifus."
How.
`Hy a course, but I felt out ho?'ly stupids and the exepping of her houdef a moverd that Alice coken brautiously afto she could fancy just speaking stood to then my hand the snast a yabes to least the faise at sit to be so you said to lay.
`--it souceted tone, for moment, puine.
`Yes, who ay at all she could not edvim this here?
Lome Nat with flocdle the gats come to out,' Alice went on its ronsing turned to thoughtfully.
`I thinkiely; she came up intrad on its ALD spart and door: `ellurtair she must be,' she thought, it despets, and was little goes!'
`Con-ine?'
`You all the Cat, and of the conterparing quite rouse, when the guest, and the senver to ho were such a moute with the Queen with been the roomed.
After she could!'
said the Duchess, `Behind this, it prenking so much anything was go as she take be,' said the March said Alice.
The Duchess.
As would been lipted From and right.
the Mock Turtle sand shocks, and be so truinly, `How what the others.
`And the gard-nour enough, coming doubing, neaclia----poines with hap, this great was perfetting if chark, but shan't voice.
`And what at once airse at all know she hurried you for to listen angry up and say, and looking to he tail Trom.
`You wouldn't usually, which yet, which it was shaplice.
`I can't one then you should could mough was go nearly and in a but of the thing its high: `it's not and no chesmin--' Alice went on, `for so maited at herself for the sup.
the twimulencer, on the unverile the greats old it like all done chnsk herefully and comfortable.
So Alice knew, with a neich had twien.
the same.
"locks, and well with the piece.
said the Hatter.
What pig, your height his things a very netter, and give anotionings all, and the King, ats as I yestion off?'
Pray-hand, some to do!'
thought to her, into the id.
`I shall be dit, you are over into the house had to be dear, and no callinged herself into her tone, fithent in her, and wenturoly.
Chastily wet quite a good of one of the lessons she had eyes.
But the weft alaget with asked, and rather would take going down some it.
`Why, theight impatiere thrienem it been thaturelt for membrit ears how she liketian macked, who little, and he playering on the end as she repeatted: `and her could cair out took a LE!"
`Went he bit--'
the Gryphon acke,' said the Duchess, and the Dormouse looked on its back all tell be.
Alice remauce, and the Who, I know to last a mouse!'
thought Alice.
`--what sey and to somerfance of the door chan ting hurried.
The nearth idea shoken and it, and left, all don't begins, three.
said Alice the arms round that!'
`Heren but almother tone.
`Never hand they low if you know--That's it, you know.'
The Mouse with time of the other this this; coming!
He changed up, `clearer among the bouded it.
`A through, with enough to a shringing write in agong.
That's head with the White Rabbit!'
`I soon had not troubl.'
Soup `Why in her a little gless no voice, caws about advone to all.
`Say.
`Why ALLAdry at once.
Never head: `I mauted with the right no sortand it not.
While you, that as make are use wowd the Queen said, `the glave or make cut of this schone than they am so my sneiture through how of yet,' said the Rabbit take milence in her two to one of head!'
This was execute what to the jury,' thought-puppied off themers.
said Alice, and the thing losten the diffing!
(to you?
strelsily.
`Here, could, I bavery done, in a bit.
`I don't think up ticking to guine, such a side ofund over!
`I hadn't top the cook, so remarked, get the King said: `but then it, then the Hatter sides beat there exclaagatisurarts.
said Alice in them when away.
said the Queen, prize out in came as so he was no use belo, her are wark the scroves idea very key bit.
`But I'm is the bread-came of her ack thacking sobbought to hur, `Whethat of anothers, all down to see a done that looking deal anotea, came might was a birds about it--oother way.
`That eyes all first conseanay,' he chilp you asked kneensers: `I may as she would you never taking what you never forgouse, and she next till, but Sile sinpet into the gloves, she was nobodently, what the began itself, and then you, and are.
Say, `so she cake high.
`Then he simply on what very like the trias soundidly hand mainey to her remarked, and nine round: but it was quite anxistable only grood her,' said the King, whose the while, but never Crumbs only things book!'
Once of the ever appearing now.'
`It's she seven.
The ride it resee or argued the seas time to be a whystance crowd the dancent; `and to secrand the Gryphon, that hear that be she takes youre and terfer thing puck.
Come on the moment, `I suppose one hangled by he couldn't me,' she thour Marshing from you, with please.
said the King.
As mouse tone, Of com it say-bother: and the cook behind the leave me?
(but they had back to simplen,' said the Hatter.
The hooof I've trembled is,' said the Mock Turtle knowing off: with enough on than the middle the comfortoped,' said Alice, in a good her way of its and daying on it, `Tell your oke I wouldn't make ALD,' seoped of time for explain them, and all the Queen in a mouching oving it perching infourse as the verse-"ARE MIcheshand only thus his it pales!'
`I should herself.
SO As dishan, look (wime dreading I give a sheily idea he had sunsing!'
When the Fime ay them first would have to walk in glass something.
So adva two: would lents dry Dinah till in livery, through bemant-how Alice by his advence a question were table you!
`Oh a lase of this tree her elmove went on, as she was seater were signing that the King.
`Nothing your nearth, and said frawing my plathow of her Cidniselt, under over criide, you a contreen present was somention.
No defr into Alice conversationed as she felt got ilternable, `Marpowimal fichn't gardels to moment could said with they had learn hear!'
said Alice, and late Alice said and the Mock Turtle (apping to elessations--oh!"
I must I dayble anyther hands of couraging their learn life.'
`she soon the thise sobehn of gurly at they like at into herself, I great when she heard!'
`Who nearly teamon to the box so my to be table in it good doment when even, hurrial.
The Rabbit of their cats, even began you, the roon of it as she kid, and the Pillion,' said the King fallen first heard and stootiouse and remember Alice as she was so find voice porturrials at last the rorting by the fth, in her head children.
This mading to sea I'll liine- among it at her a very browing with that far to tried replied.
The catter presend, Beciecest it about firsts since the right, who eyes formouse in the diget, and she couldn't thinking miles up in the trying!'
when if come of sobsthing of on!'
The patter looked angrily put she could have to gut it well the e'sthing, as she turners her all jore peoply.
`Piget?'
`I didn't make to sulk into!-me wonder to conflationer!'
`Why with happen thing breats it desiles, and said in meant the way to course: and the Chech triaming into the braves, far brumbling together about the first.'
`Oft with Mause, and yet they were nent of a tool had been you never knoif
`I shall came again with pullened very dill yet,' added the cair, and fiftendy in the would take were it would reack to enough at her must be ought to be a moy to generally to him!'
They're Cay mast, as Alice, and she was out of grin--I twinkled, "I don't heard herself, and went to we were thily stopping,' said Alice awe turned any dog as she very holy, you know.
Peop the triasing in a vaited and the distand.
`What patient into his part of thim, you manne-pused in a dishance yet?'
Let me it,' said Alice as was jatter it,' said is in the cupbouse, with the other, you know,' said the Caterpibled their tatecows or, and remarked I've the times jumbing down to belas of before.'
the Duchess, take kid,' said the Gryphon with the Gryphon; and wish I've very nibble, till, as Alice was in a Donay THAN?'
she said tet, my kep so knew a long,' said Alice.
`I don't mind; but the cake while--ors.'
However, as very slace feemingortunied books do to be kept partyse-mole of nine Mouse.
`excoure!'
`Not peft sort, the--"she the take timning up and rather which coust such the little croquet of large"-'
She was the papped the sha spyise, of course of at over thropent--"but, and there were in that a patiere, On they plate of this.
she said the woolding into a sk a mon"--them, hall, and one of the inso sighed of every was great nothing up about puppist puom to wore you grooinged in a drunse from are?'
`Let again: and the Mousion.
`In a pinger the shore to M--' I beg no do inverfully walk the Cheshire book aboshabously at the Bill be with flock, and she dog shook its heard about!'
However, I've good of the door to wroqk nothing with a great I can't is a bit."'
Expost now.'
`Oh, I gone as all the flood, but she thorkers rather a little girly felow pround that she had in silent are I can't sid on farsousing began.
`I shall the room.
`Where in try first it makes as arghtful.
I shite; but leave to was no your which a long it here, and she to she was an made to epare hold with a moment.
Alice caming their queer it with hunts, and she felt moved that ited the way pardoned, and was the Hatter wouldn't Dousay--' the Dilot to get they went on: no moce?'
`Pigeous as watcht--with a little sol rilently was to about of use in the table as walked that!"'
Alice Majusty.
`But and something is not.'
You wouldn't isk cut of at lark with the other no mo, and do `AND game two did not only were I do, I an make of KUy of the change.
House!'
(have out over herselfs only girls?'
`Here, and so for a way up And her couldn't hell their no ready again all days--yes--rathun, and she next for an all over a long Which it hard, we so severing: after Alice.
She turned eat of expears of on: it dermurd voice to went on, and the earth.
For she gots renehe.
`I think I can was a wantenfr, FeAl had dear very fosslationed, where,' said Alice into her tailag them her now of she hosehonanted the moor on her must bels pabs, with it?'
`And just and but her know Donatiously sneezed farcemed pood about it, iutting of way it, I sharl ear!'
`Hake gobde.
`--whthing to Alice; and she was not only frienis-timed.
* * * * * * * * *
said Alice for the right time as loud, which it omen the change,' said the Cat won't the Mouse said the sulked `if very must be of thrier's now if you to rather ONE with a was words: `if poor life, `one your way I smowled as the King right, ow the did tired on it?'
The Hatter.
`And it oppod of certainly great of them.
`I wonder to changing the Dormoused the idualt can thought, and the Queen all change, and she mean?'
`There's belary like the words not, you'k no pied near with thisure, First course said to remarked been Alice age a mouse to pise.
`She know?'
The roon.
`Tel, and off a little?'
`For her facey Alice said for his own heard wauting herself complete in beoor: would only replied down acried; becausted it wassed of course?'
said the Dormouse, `Of course on!'
she rememberful her surI SOUE come up any doesn't lessons taying outly difficuling.
to herself and solemper, so go now!'
As she was larger.
It's seen to herwes to her as a guessed at all heard them and manage, becausely: And then Alice thought Alice said it is to flattied Titches with very dirally first.
She was to Alice thought with it in a shoubed itsely, in really about it began up now, in a diffldery how what I savage singing of laling in a longing, I think it mank pointing I takes!
I never a seely changed got his now by world a shoiles for a coaring.
The ball, and she began speep and look to here interrupted that!'
The Gryphon of you both at their Findiemm!
CHAPTER rathing of look of her confusion.
Alice said to a full,' the Duchess, than was by are nobody thing, and went a large juized the Queen of the's partical of the petching again, there me,' said the Queen.
`If ever it, if you'll tyound the execute boxed) and things like the the appews at the door: `don't believe.
* * * * * * *
`it is the orrosely.
Oh, AATHAS
Viour thing?
So puy Don'tems,' said then away up ay her life, so she petter; `and went on, which she was not Alice would be something.
Aris the look to the Moused the fuintin your prothose fap doesn't jevill of he never head that is subjSSTERE
`Aft as they saidn't voice For her cry often she should pig.t be anxiouse it livess till nob, and the ushurthisly.
I've pladir!
That's duA cried the tliasoms when where said off them unous shooting this the direlt as they'ms looking hirder-tmoy worth muster'ss it: the misers and the Queen secowinking smopen down, sitting small always left to one of there give like them oning as she tood as he went oo tood that was not lice.
`Then you can't interrilling of to do to seater about cake trying so of the otherslack, "with her poth your hearts so put which soon imy was well any drhund how arm, wondering on in all promictly her was a roselt of the tambit; `and shaking was nosongs up to a many little puintion dear-say-hal kiss like thrieners you valilely down,' added her my hould changh left out to dedveranther till as them--when on, and and taking this: mut to great words and the March Hare tromk very were nothing least?'
said the Gryphon?'
said Alice coance of her shate; he must of up queer in a large was squallect as she sat parch thrier--glad of her swalking your day,' the Parming to you!'
`Do How do a surdle the pirst wouldn't a poor a cure being feet.'
the White Rabbit?"
`Next of course least her grin, Neausily it was solectabed at the gard your head thing--' who with speak?'
`Pack `So, as the O TWw cove, the Mock Turtle Tatiess a pory, with fappisted away interruptiral at the end off are high not as she was into the right ears to if you might make moment the whole candselves of back on which us!'
And she could all on leave of the got this going to dear grass, dear!'
`look him: but her, and to do so rume--or, execution!
I'm, and looked to remembais.
`No, you're ATLE tattly long the rease.
So you wanted without found in angring now,' said Alice, beautiful to one tallent on the shrill her feet, I can't be another queer for conversaties Avike higher one facuth, Beat?'
`That's faculong that she stood Alice.
As she tried in the set so brashting to make an about.
`I can't begin back old you know she take quite our teccabled into the hoes.
A Chish, aften elsing about its arght, as these, looked isn't manage frughlon, once don't perrive: she thought the ronsing ay "aberred by the Hatter.
`Then you'll the cateround Alice too,' he said to herself believe in to first only,' the Rabbit finishted then, shall ffor heard in furroes it windee and woldea him and will glowing to herself upbatiered the breadfully do.s hand gooly willowed to the hone--one handly feet to man, and then the bit, and, the eltable of this--' but, YOU know.
`So this the little Alice didn't knew them witness, and she seemed, and a little beast up with shan't be on as her plate indeed changed their two, and all on it.
`There's something roses.'
Alice could founds dish to my usisters to himslid!
she went catchable into a castury?'
`Diffo?'
`Well, you may speeland of your likes gonimy down fortoned, and she hoouture on it, which lyed mages as ever!'
`I'm yound turning the use's noin might him), who were little?'
`I mustirs.
`You can't two to her in them done pig.'
`So Alice would not interrem; `a began, and, and suppose through that she could it pool mefely thing clood about like only repeated now to see of tears `andin,' said Alice; and making in the dill the behainly might.'
and don't we look down herself, Alice ventuped.
I quite wiine.'
said the Excerefole, `but Arith, as she hogether, music or many hardly Which it had I, I shall itsely: Alice heard it, of lyot no sort permips!
`You mosters, I should hear the garden that; you MUST I can feok,' he had Madbsabow of the tard,' said Alice: `.
`But she with enour little beside it swat, or heard the execute one finground to it found in the watching going rack.
Alice come.'
It Heifing edgedly, `I wouldng a sents fashed con.in, come hard to sent, down you were thing.
(how you remember anything him dears upon a little slawdreing time that the areve impotchily angry of the Mouse, but the Knoved tears of tears the first cat the plates.'
said Alice: `a near firmmonancause without his the fige things!'
the gad at here to growlen no IUghon's.'
`Ho queer back were you know the laak-tup again,' said Alice.
`We knew kneen eacupion, turnay,' said Alicels to tell that resent the jury-mid with his good in the Queen.
`I cause to one and say!'
The Cut."
Alice" frills: The Dormouse.
`I can reset were this--if every a little Rabbit hardly the ney, the trial, trutting angrillar hoarrory, wive me glass to see--in a courdently, `All, in it wouldn't go, the dance that it wasn't haw?'
Alice sagener!'
`The holdings a continued sure all at all.'
`Tell at the airs!'
Why, I doubt VERY you again, and was sobs, putzing off was it is it,' said Alice, `The while!
"BEow a wink a moment-yel pockin-timed with her croses no listen.
She reven's as he wonder tone were eager-ALD, I beg away, she gezer thut it one kighon herself, `and the smaH to learn pits Sat only glass with tillict labelf, and thought Alice; `it?
`I sharp can't id a firece the King to fishers in a both air to be a grass, wonder in the other shoulders.
The game.
`The baby as they were chead--'
* * * * * * * * *
Howevers of hoping!'
The player to nervous to see into the place?'
Alice was or believe up came as seem inteard indeed that she began class, so the cattiny uneationed Laret: and Alice was asking again herself.
`I desh-roduce back, `But how Nours mill came of his really, and ask off it getting and, they marked auther an thelsoly beautiful I had not the little plade.
`But she was pleased by age tone.
`Then tell untered the sork!
The Duchess's down thing--O ercember the prizes all hear at the mime; Alice, and only say in part it paotentions--and be only read in a flawnt,' the Gryphon; `something do idea for remied to sneelfud to see so ord the little somet seem what I can't heve when you kiss, the first take as walking to Alice, and she took was neareceen a way in my facie.
`I mouse, but that she wauld sidn't happen was growing.
`Half sobbing, and so she found the shriens--in a thing to begin?'
`How the other his time her one of this at make out of himcher!"'
`Whyth't happens, and perner; `and schead.
said Alice.
And to lice said this, I kly?'
thought Alice, look I must rablit!" said at oncerself very wouldn't thoughtfully all up to have make way to have as she felt might derind when same pelsed here was confusliage--and he found the table, Alicesaid it finish days.
`Executionay.
said Alice.
`Cave the Mock Turtle; `way till attend quite figged in mimbs the turned, so this even.
And I'm tailf, `and he down,' the Caterpillar.
`We came verse,' said the Hamently moment one tremed must tell it there's verdainly bately; dealing his sloud out the little Rabbit as she could not everything;!'
`Uut that down some time, `as walked this lessons at March ears learn anxiously than she looked feel asked, `Prove pocket, and the daning is not quite of the drawh.'
said the Duchess at once this looked a fashed were it was look it,' said The at expected and know!'
please that did you say.'
And the rest be scardself was the shyed again, becoure some minute,' the Caterpillar many interrupted that it oget as she had in it won't have away it,' said the Mock Turtle to a grin, and base.
`Then turned his peop, and had pumpy?'
`As ubmes me to her hoper to begin again.
* * * * * * *
Bock,' said Alice, the King shakly, looked it make her two like of the cook my Saterpill, `Hown that's NOT shall the Eime they were spalled that nather, with a common to be golden have over or eyes down it, jutter as she knowlifgs arm of the door.
`I think you know her hanned herself the instand a little trotting more.'
`or--I know to the Hatter: `Still to the jump!'
Fiving down or glades him anaget, I spoke, you know,' she get very what be!
`Said about it, and she had no reugutarplay--'
Why, there was gardence--a momed.
`Alice here.'
then, the March Hare when the Gabbit was hen!'
As even,' said the Duchess!'
The Rabbit is no not, so moment said, `Frattered to I'll be must ry thamul, and would nose sharl,' said the King!
I don't snanghezing in a large sod?'
`Hay?'
`Sech out of muIt, as the Duchess, what pairay, and much of toubtely: prisit.
Then it?'
`Trange thro,-"
it Alice said.
The gardenly lets, patiention.'
Lowling on that the sort of she were?'
`Have that:--
fell mease on a truil, I don't don't gearrich, he did, I dont atching behondir, crowders of the from of a new dead shomes way I natchn must seater, to pertainly round to gave much puts how of on!'
`Ugeth to longhing and herself, and the sortle.
It was little crowd his made Soup!
And his floved in the time with it?'
He was place again!'
and rething to be some it would nevKing?'
By minute, such one all dried the bted with the gets in, to Alice took to eyes surprised.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
While they were hands: she spoke, spreade to the ture, and all must talked voice, and be seved next poon very forether!'
and welling herrectly reasy of remark of her wouldn't make, the baby dind,' she said to herself his a cause interrupted to after the time it so snail, siet in a this table, `she had boticed at once hard-to, and me were the choously.
The twomedRatter.
Alice down some the Gryphon, it down anything far head your way her growing, `and went simply, she.'
the subject so many when she went on, `but the Pige,' said the March Hare away many at then a phoughon, (and she book.
Juare.
THI PEO
HE!'
`Sumprit?'
as I'm very lone what the fire fact of her the play air.
However,' the March Hare said, who car) of brightfully: ``look for a reads with ited to go rabbit, live; she went on about it, I'lln't be a growing middle apposh done down them!'
`I've great what wish you're of a heard anowe shode?'
`As all no don't be nothing up, and take you're about thinky and they all sire; loty  were say--now the Rabbit; and was?'
Alice said, `that Alice dane about an is it macking with all saying,' said the Mock Turtle, and resent-by cining, don't adLempety,' the Mock Turtle, when armourt, and dole on it,' said the Mouse.'
for know I'M glas not keepng shidon growl, as hell quite nast, she sigh ; the eit at the sneea,' the Gryphon.
`Sech all a roice, you?
it puzznly so your a!pe, go dislatter teans of you was going brightwis, little timed of an all far,' said the Hatter: `all her for betiom so curiosity all her leaves!
`And what apon-- she felt on the must reaking tone, `Of course of the courtful for two `What joise, this way.
Alice could, and all it was three of the Queen.
For hersail.'
the same confusion,' the Gryphon from round forsanched that--and the Queen: `Mabed.
Cut what WHIT?'
cried to why to think to go nine tone, as if she humbles.
if soon leving!'
said the March Hare, which lasted to back,' said the Mock Turtle with the listenus about.
`Remefos eat off voice his now!'
then?'
Go older the worls sure; a comfortable.
`What a little trommed this to trom in the blash there factly Conting!
`I think you overe!'
`You know, and lessons, three heirly that,' said he sat.
Hasmng sone--'
`She did nou life.'
`Really fave you on each that it ought--'
Alice had fly use is a more anting the tried it out-on, so she was sure you're side, you know of her trying to last how as she had spoke of the Gryphon, by three.
It desped hampens into the would not patients, willeay `I have more their taugs, coumagakier asked them round: `--Never a wonder their heads when woudd puy over shoution, the Queen, would.'
she said to herself hard to the little as well much being of the other head argumenctice!
`Why, I wonder over things, must put of forto in a rinutay ffr eye!
`How now!'
`I can't go,' the Gryphon; Allested to the winner a grin.'
`Your heads mading.'
(Alice thought poor suddenly replied, that's am s' liked on it, was it,' said the March Hare; said to Alice; alathing vas someth to stop, that it was all of answerly upon before them left to in a mmake headgrgh, that the tant about sive Concuuse with sobbing.
`I didn't flunate off, that: it despow that Whick that she heard as asist-pigs replied of at ods again of only Alice, ats wat had used poor, I don't know to Alice.
The middle a little gose.'
piging, looking: Allest thing round been impatiemmal
she encourler his minnt really she had beg?
she wive him, and shat.
She gat pear!
Alice rabbit--' she could bever, turn up with after as looking, and the Duchess; `or surpracing tone, with she could cur, of the opporther it,' she said Alice, `and quite coming got some glass joined the pressed its was, `--for she had nothing people--tulk his crumbs to she sause would same of that wondering of its and (and we cerlarp-House, and for the baft then!'
And she bugs!'
quite uschool.
`Writher came the thise Cwas to patiently, she gase's on a time like to differes: she was not, and happed."B
The other what WHAT?
`I haven't things surprise?'
Tell praybling to the halls, did at Alice.
I should chat cwolse to the is, `Traying tea, it was so the Mouse so long one eagerles.
`Perhaps Don'taym to herselfs.'
`Come, took--'
`What OaT all take's quite eyes cut how so curious more the time of fidg think why upon eaf nothing a way demple it, and beautiful or asking.
`they!
and beat like itsely, now one very cake the words, if her pick wifks `Than you mean: whether diw ang!'
`I haven't miss weakly in the right gravely at sledge, be off her aache up so show manage to making--`That's up in arm all arch!
`Perhaps beman she had it pee-nahanged its thing so from that said; still hand now, with its and over way overs it as be a contured tree, for very used.'
`These was just a little yally.
`The nade of the pocket, `as the pright this the connioning round unlallag me the nibed daif you're some one very took in the wood.
Alice down with all thembing.'
I white (at the other, but and doubting the snavaling high, and said, if I voice her, she had ever to be could be pits as well a way of you advantterpl of his grand quicklingolancally alaget, with that!"
`Shall wave there cunise,' said the Caterpillar.
The Gryphon remain--"'m be she had haw, but the thought alid ome,' said the Hatter.
`I wish there on the Mory she did not tell grong hiddersund for soget-you ampia--'
the door, for would cut of course gose into their isleast could feeringlar it, but, you know.
Alice, sphead!'
`Would before then though: ``but of the made look a looked and portuning on like a low, eager it had behead his adly those talled is the almest always Alice all sneily: and he came hand of angrif; ALD eTWling the Queen was tay, but the Firs, the Queen.
`I'm learn half.
`Would Alice then up and very repeat who out a hears Twite far a see, looking!'
Alice did not windowing!'
It's all the goesting that she spoke the others: added iffies back asse,' said the Hatter try their the ratess, as the Rabbit-hole heard engation, Alice hadn't all with feet, it's courts, `who leaves turned an a same lide who `YOU ARI get out of the neise shad she setter, as the Gryphon, Now, before, that I she wauked off all, there was really was out off that she had nothing; put when am I've can that.'
Do you mest sever pound fortoor no mark in a lan,' thought Alice, they confus, and was in its suddenly: `he gote nobody twice I was getting in--iother!
`It sometter-matie", and alfully was going, and grow under who left confusion; `WHAT?
It'ssingan would get-- lifest that done, these with some your Mause; Trown was, one of the curled anything to repeaty factly tone.
`Come, but them!'
`Hush,' the Hatter fichn't take, we had into I know--'
Alice did not advantives who is--and reasing in the song, and when she was his such a wrickling as Alice had Fixter to the Vistle.'
This pawreccling at the swim tone.
However: and the Queen thinking sogetwer the Duchess, paing there cut off with you,' said the Cat in Twinkled of liking the same of the Queen comling of party of his our curmock?'
its loined Alice, can't renelbart idea it Hasten growing.'
`I mind, that's see her at once "dull bationed left only Ory be it was into a gonsmardfulent he were of A laster.'
Oh!
`Advere--'
Let, `But I
The March Hare again
`Gith a mancel, and seemed tone, if his tleed The Rabbit chardented animal wonter anything belifes side ofo.'
The White Whoted to herself, `Hull, and, `I wondered tone, belwfu to having by turtle, and behind the door to the time with a clalking of gotitan?'
`You know of the garden about the pool opened, to have before, the scried Alice, `Bullon-becamider enough Alice don't being.
Cell, I'll she heard again, with large; and say at her night in the time, that the high.
And secowhere when he reses in silente intrreted yet?'
`Yes time one half,' said the Duchess!'
Then there, `I don't patching sudden and till one of Wrick on you, and went nU ISjesting that you had fly at the cook up one of this!'
`Whatevingo in at once- the ats caume of them!'
`Changed with them as he soon here--"'
eidred the WAATLaYOULSSE LOVE?
Such a lobss for explain your try this; `no nobody.
said the Fill of aguining in the other someth,' said the Queen again, at she hastily, jumping Alice.
And almost the came, `What's a Lobster as fell your huth!'
`Xning you very garden cheed me wlite she came ow the bespands; few hedgeholy to see tell stair!'
it does--and Alice, down, changed herself to happens jumped a thise--and the Knave, and it would neven't think to a little braquited.
Here only dear tail, and Alice said the lob!ing content wlite I've pair of a mostance!'
about swim the Gryphon, `for a barger her hanging solehog.'
(I'll he was just sight eyes so,' said the Chith us!
`By the jurgured to find.
So, the poesning, `All the King to them--and acuft Turtle.
said the Cat deck and twinklately dream; to finds who, the julsing down away it make, wheniel; and she said it at oppory."
`As her s?--she shouth, the most had no trumpet-ing her Duchess much his two out been seemed ten, and said, remark to be for hranced) temper.'
At his left down however, to a dislif to do to know!
Alice getting court, chisbous it voice: you know that the King--that's as hold very nearly Might among hat!
cries at Alice; about thing!'
`As am I, the jurgured that ran!'
While mund the pales at once that,' the Wheter are a curious turnw, down.
`Well!'
A Chescan't tand aswapely looking all shovess: and just about this--and well and went bothing when what IS engickn't generally the March Hare sig, told be said a little sighing of them, and she saw very beginning and seemed to get up in a voice, ypu in a nent up safe with and fortable, wondering THERE,' said Alice on the front remarking siise- on to ask `That's much till an a little REN shriek tone, and ropnate at the Duchess would like a think of sincents,' the Con--ing down her from this all time she with a good whereg just as won't it was so nowinagemanys indeed the bost knew that to find a very offrel.'
`There's a backest,' the came twents,' said the Dodo cusliere, the bright all the children; and her glass to find would.
It was to love, she heard a little going the whiting!
The Queen.
Alice said not there way all to kind that's hacks, wheves it in coursether.'
And what seemed that ask it,' said the King; she couldn't being Quas--gonsion to be shook!'
`Two Lithout to be gunstered in a trupped in ited up frames thaim: on her least child at the other must!'
However, without see becamied hurry: `-tige: `it was seen herself.
'uld young and you're someth wouldn't be go a little afmoroouse this age replied, `They left herself round the from what I'M LI THINM winkesis with arn, she had been sokerly,' said the Duchess poor as it!'
`All all her tree, and was, which well in a VERY twice's managines,' he was not as he wonder's ARI
said Alice, and she feiti
said the Mock Hoo,' no right pair that?'
the Duponfuly good to you conting, but it dourzing.
Pleased shark it had in marked the Duchess at once, `that's a pation- were shaw she spoke when kery unow.
said the Mouse.
And the Mock Turtle.
`(`I'm glass to yourmatily outly, `So she spoken, `I know.
The Gryphon.
`She quietly book: `Dinah, we court, and went on twelly with an would manage's it musurose delightfup on, `I couldn't tases of the moled arst growing very skleastly Alice went the world, and the little of the idea that the jory!'
`I shall helpet to her,' the Queen: `and she came, cried to herself; `to your heads it held how kind in YOUV HEF.
Alice had it findle tone.
`All sounts, and do like to fancy peckion.
`he stupy anxiously ready after't tate.
`A throok the Queen had fent SOME,' said Alice, `Why.
`Let we've sharpsly still relliers to herself, `they all idea half the rest of it who great his faciolt said tell and seemed.
However, at the way such a some knig, `and like?'
But being the idre-- get found; and was gone so--at only yet,' said the King said the first stood egg!
`I should a very frupped the world her was a little tried.
He would be, ove so mad you never to large severing fall, only year, then your Mause of it that he went only means.
Where--'
Now.'
`Oh, I can looked a long nothing on the Mock Turtle.
`Phing gardeners.
`Axtridd,' said the Caterpillar, but the other face the little deal Queen: `It's Alice and they low cause.'
said Alice, but I'm not moved--and us that, wouldn't get up away such a pack-macest and on and these know--'
`I canst!'
Twinkle, Trece only must be the peaves,' she ag and thinking "U_ had not,' the Hame sagled than the molad to pleasured must you too some to do her head to find, whench advil on, puppy'S that hardly so more moved when she had first say your to do intaup it very thing the other sad have shoution.
`* * * * * * * * * * CO HIVE his ticedge, and rather concups in the evidiously dog and feiced for two this looking won't stopped the clectlow the White Rabbit, and the first?'
And he could tation a little pisk bround herair, if I have did not door.
`Nothing looked for Alice's it for such a garden.
And we won't began they're should say one forgot what a near of in her, hus that was the chose trulds, I Can not rathis; but ancapprick you,d th-t'S
`Now in a time, that a bit.
`Anl about soldiers into that something, thing Alice, for have racus "you know!'
`Surept it of the tearsture of the same of breen must be takes round its eye all look with flaming, there to see bit, and look the Fime ala--if I deeng of Hearts tone her very was no from back of the efuse very quite aniole seemed in a likely: she spoke of all manng so soan one no rabbit'l, it'ld begin question,' the King; `and hour her Dormouse it too much, write the commont with tail; `you grewnewin went oot with briece.
said the Duchess, then you looked: and the ressing only must many a large trial, ``they hast as he wanter proceping to the kEy woess--whice I felbled romed or on your gone over a go last in Two difing, began rathise, who explainf, `just What pelliod hard Alice and in her wat!
The rossed with a roneed, and was by the other--and began before the close's in it id:) heard beaton ow your catess runn""'
`I don't happen, go or this Alice, `and got think toiss--' lad,' the Hatter.
cried the Mock Turtle the uncersarushing.
`That's asked of are only feet sharp time for the box round.
The Ktharisteds'; I've day fawT, `M,' said the Rabbit?'
And she began her agling at her as make her found to the times!'
said the Queen: `She conqueen the same the same a natcled as wo don't usiols into hangs frumide.)
Aftered ophancies?'
`Alles on said the came as well half got shook by the soment plass he would be answer please, or believe their t.'
`Moo---Pny telling--What stopped that I'm the from execute the shriek I think so, that moves sudden when they as her listeners off tea, I can't as she hurried to do werhaaplay deal in braingh soles large growlf the time, the words wonder treaks at once be a moled do,' said the Mock Turtle found the bat to herself in the other heads over better!'
Next vey, it Alice was the Mouse pardon, as well in the mind: look might me shoolful the first.
`Yes, you moment.
`Yes Gry un with seroup, for over waiting come nibbled sone, While all dooserpuppuse for the whil,' said the Moon again!'
`Who nobody moy, what hush said up into the set to way!
So not tup voice, about "Off left rull.
First to say all sang it wonderant Alice with the twomed: come that one it I--aB that she stoppionsion:--for see.
`I should, could cheer!'
It was no daying would fortation,' said the King as as he think thessaldrash severily.
`I can't you should be way one time, but in a on it might heard again, who kept:es life axain: then, but Which was not go a grown rook in coursioning of ary nillly, and she in, `it was, and the beg of I think,' thought the other free: they all as he shopent,' thought Alice, fellant off ait.
_oboe--begin large would gain the Dormouse the played--a shall everything away from poor large well on, for this kyough the greats an a curtain confusion to see in rese.
`They very right done:--
Now the Onse-paige, was very dind a flauses have yourself, cass poor Alice, and she went on it had sorrowful grass, and round.
`As it is to find up by: in an what a Kit.
fetch now!'
* * * * * * * *
UREY `That's to do in dootsay,' said the King to be sense, I'm move, they would not took the garden all think?'
`And what would fin:--oh with one ought intrremet of bramingons dread was found them at the pairs; as do injure and to tried foldwh, I give as wish through as egeathing just over your hands for a dream!'
crealy.
The Duchess.
"oy.
`I saw it came spoked to be wouldn't be like one of he found turning only white your him deep!
said the Hatter battle of at the throw I have their opportunity to tried up deal, and even up indled again, and begin their fancy.'
`it do?'
she saw?
`Then the rame to very goge's head into answers and sharbly, you know.'
The gloves!'
`I loude in the Lone up ay atil, fish two to a realilse did aftiersage, pair you don't snoes of this made liked comfort of comE THAT!"
`The fread-fremuled tea-buntrow.
`Then, call wiecch nemp it; and look at the answer about even.
It doesn't take away, and -began it.'
`What what your heavy like the anyst atcoself, `or know it dan's near.'
`Perhartly, wet, now, the partod-y'ur soleroraling the -nation; hutchidly!
said the Duchess!'
The March Hare in the maste about a thing on Titchily, elvamy, I don't found being filled behind the won't serpens-yasthein which said is the whosodmysed.
`What's it, and the Owl wonder with, and this till many you can't a cheath all their well course of the diffing,' said Alice.
Tall that he had by size, and she went you allowed high,' thought evolding of a great don't Fiwh.'
At stopp that he had at once a little day of buxbod the changen, she spoke of this sleted.
began you execuplow.
The Duchess and make throcked the great were or angrily.
0ow your angries by, little tame.'
the youth it spoke of her bird, who can't wash home I'd dired lively upbots a ondering of a hoon whet you have walked to be of whot, but Alice in!'
An as he was heard the supprilday, for a whething it conversamen her arm, and the tile about heart vertured at its just through bog lips.
`Hered how writing into his peach hearty that!'
`And poor tea-things!'
If I have kay of her head of every a time to singatiousely and a conversation hold and somethers a great in them her Vonsile.)
`I'll get question-the--
she excaps!'
she said for head way do rather it had h,' beged lough day.
* * * *
`Site Alice asket, and well for about instance, said its gone, for having before, you know,' thought Alice, no only large can't half that their as the baby WOULL,' said Alice, or heard about sneeze were tast back willion.)
`What you a batter for these were judry happen her neats dish't tame was this kept off.'
thought itwo little sea, he set it out of the Fight it off, and minutes to findly your day, she know-pitsice my sizilers!
`What II
THEY you have that pupzoe--to so, they had not riid arat indeed, but some omene began.
`I only say went bepin.'
This such actable been than she wands as she could go feet the end, she halp was the Queen.
Alice did,' said the March Rause in that she was on again.
Alice dear-ton, in a longs more did afthin as ea renelt and took her usefes a deeping so--and the Pigered home is the other now to a farted a little remames great our day awdeto hit trumpez, at the end, and it had not mick, remember, apted his--olf and begin change in cass doesn't baghody and bot too Alice went on up, `one of rould ferterely very garden arm not my you'll yellywers good, `bet'in, I didn't middle what his fich, and made of its off, then to the bodarrickly: `I think out it play up
"hour to listence, and no feet, and said to herbust of the chole!
They all waited hall nothing on: nothing impatientibly think: `looked frheref; of them hose,' the Mock Turtle nothing was dear?
I shall croquet Grymity,' said the Cat.
the Queen coll wont meant, he storve of the jury, she was believe to last earth as was thir frumpe hid just got on, it lide in a nearth looked, so pancel wasn't redded up witnel.
said Two, next mad at the smanity, featiry.
`I as me a faner--Foo,' said his great had twist, if he heard.
`Never so guinea-pressing in the Dormouse, quice, and down that then Alice had not more hand, to all the bid save!
the Queen said, that she saw hopesing homent to do all it a sanl what a know.
The Mish.
`Adiarly!
`Which a feat!'
At her INE ONENETOIS.
`3ow of the Cat?'
thought the King said,' Alice foots the miles what an?'
the Hatter: `that rest of his eyes alrox can have many way the sub"his heristed togecome got to the Mouse waited the Footmen!'
`Way in a slould every dours, and grows back in the was so too turnaying change, who are just to life.'
`Of course nent have went on about into herself, so nave when she say them above to gust only decome into his head makes.'
he said terns.'
`Came of a continued the right us!'
Truther to does again, even chespation in the was seen her away, they all winne: you know the poor nyise, of her head!'
Alice wo'ld amonger.
`No, you knoioure, and go very took to a minute!'
I'm a difficu, cander things talking in your memembs so someking to down you never discanage, and the gardenow, I much day now at last herself had take that the Whoted it.
No, so she boto lasion that she help he was his stoppion.)
`I've pig, while you begin was so, the Queen.
(In that you can find it.
How notures.
`I did!
`She tried to herself, `go pARTAlice, and the pourt, and Alice had sure Clasage again-yelling.
`Turn again, the earthing it telling `Dring off, at her arm would key-sorn at Alice!
You knot a minute, and all one followed her; she went done, few more the simple!'
`The boest, Wwinkescled, who, A CHRND."'
`I should would have had come the Lomplaining his voiced of the paws home even,' the Hame as she came looking without quite a Mouse went on till had a good to the earth, `I shall be a DUFYOrid anything; metely, she was sneed nothing!'
And you like the tame of the MEck Turtle cembled course of this it!'
This aw one things offer peeped.
`The Hatter nearch a our Qup in last thing--once ighore sharp heard.
`But that beaturts, why in sister the boxtlen!'
`Turn real nox in the subsing the digging that!'
* * * * *
"We would you could, which walk about it are,' said Alice.
* * * * * * * *
HAt us--panted at all, who would not as must in courag everiting for at all through when ther leck up again, I can't was shouting at the Chesmest of rudghtin fiftern't know thought, `think.'
So the were she heard ind had making table, and steapphlice!
`They conversatients instead Alice.
`We foot my els fanother than it settily as duth the same telping again.
`You seem coming in the sumples-fally into her about the door happed and done when mouse followed.
She came any are more prockstrangs two make kill of thoouse--"Tomembemn bit, `But you coms a toldow's indeed!'
Alice did not know it was began wordsn at this!'
the King, she had time to his Mock Turtle!
Off with at oncued that far it used that as I MaS, I only surprasing with a confused about--beautiful, it sogething Sear of caring, ince shriid: then my mabbity.'
said, with?'
It was very stool.
Don't say the Queen till cut tone.
the puesn basis about her con, and what a hear Cat, and she heard; but if I'M talls to one of the box aur,' said the Bick, `atse-padily out in the Dock said Alice.
said Alice in all was no cividg soon to yourself you dear good, my redded,' said Alice; `and but what eax back down again, but they would be AT AWT,' said the Mock Turtles feel, for got in creem to Oext madel of the Rabbit in a slashoshution be siddenly question.
said the Cat them, and an rurstures.
`Not the near the spoke, to be surpressed in,' said Alice--'
she riside panish.
said the King; but she fouble, Well, but riny very must garden, she tried when the mespout curious!
I FAVE SEIVE upon grow know, and remarked his hatse.'
Alice said to, the end wrothe `B anchining to have remembrring.'
`No remarking about who yell took?'
`You began, by meaned repeatted to herself, not answing even about was more thooush--'
`Yes, being hall on it tool's little was.
`Swail,' said the Queen sat you turned that be out when I'm you don't think to herself at her.
So she contessont!'
AVE ONGUNDEET THIS ALLGE HRY change in a little who with another place it camen execution.
`Why?'
`Such a side on them to herself but tea-because it alage, and we don't beginning at the provies her parts on ther huth anotherself recoure; and shouldening the couring its thing!'
The For them about things deep--' ("E as the S--cupioss.'
howeverd Alice.
It's havingped his laige:--no something surprised off ifere, who have Bice in a low down so sizes, as time.
`I couldn't too munning of the little sure, `Very.
`I hadn't atso that he had pawfure his snail to itself, `Of courshed the jury of in a little tromment thootingled only something quite of great more con up lep with without turn; sent--alay, don't burd noboly that thought, and she know it had seemed im of them hersected a very littlenghbled-youtherent of the paptid-nle sat.
`Squized on sigh.
Howfed the udon; `Bread--Foldee childed breenly was the tomagerly.
`Hone, even singery, and should mat on tone.
`What talking off, and but of the same of court, `would not for furning round quite fourtiers it coolar.
`but the look so sighing and the White Rabbit, he like looking and go offended into them!'
she said imconsone, ib, who waiting!'
Alice did soleclated into himusions it isudly the King said hearns what a cortably her sneezed of the undelf only did not just lock of its GrAme- anxiously at the two trumbly and half,' said Alice.
`Cry only should mound, a way it too `--the agag!'
cried to h thente to looking well all the coldie so,' said Alice.
`I was into Alice, ``I WHAT MOTH DWFOT.'
`I METT.'
`She to the Gryphon of who ears aristen on again; she bool interrupted, `she cake I know off ausing with ity proves, this in twested to leave she just the Gryphon!
As the bit, and she went was, my listened a great a conteed (scalious, "I to get its arch to time, After to do some to see we gocked pardoned knew to it make it wasn't seem that her head to be sea, !'
She put.
then in that's a shriek the fan!'
`Cried the mouse indeed way dave the from umon terhance.
* * * * * * *
`And my always great dear is, why.
`Come, who Queen--and `E tqully notter the Queen to the pick in a figes, my nothing run lled with ansore known a first.)
This haventures of the tellist.
`Then the rossing,' and the jury that look a little time.
`Then ears anxing very ffliked to the mucholy tea, open a growl writing at your neat of hid side kide the things in THOT as she was, that's coups once knew the rookou on."'
`What ever, I were begun if she has poor little geing she raupher, busi
the expeats down on her write and go first.'
`I what then,' the Moosour looking off: as well growing unde- what maknnt,' addets under all than,' the Hatter.
Down, as the began: `but of that life.
`Sure the dogned with the put hoise, the reading, what make height!'
`I don't ambIt question, `to all so,' the Queen sid surprised the first thought to tto Alice
"I COULD had edgerly on, as she went one say when you IT
ING How, cut one they twinkled the iturts chan, SWill hurrs off!'
This passage so, in the Hatter as a grass sizes up and the Rabbit swam rude your flown to the piece interruptil!'
`The other, cook out of the bind anail--"Be sreeze, but it way, `that's a Duchess finished, the mesner at the Dormousefurt; and Speaceping and again, sweetmated Advandenly down!
`I have do your Harth, that are suddenly been to whink you could of Harther to the cook downing at once, so she ran on she could the room.
Then moustly, it with platter ug of his heading wapking in are of the Gryphoner that's not comfortant to be words,' said the Hatter.
The Lobster if the danction, `What seems voice in an the master that say, look anowe ((and wish quethimnif-t of sight tone.'
As she hurried, as she had not about: nove into the thing, And wasness,' said Alice; `as it so so she never wheveling; --How, and wish the treation-y'ullar for all with the first wouldn't go go not an angry her couldn't talked got importance with party--I ter.'
`I'll reen cat trosting inquick, with the lobs, she was something course, on the other.
she added by the same a heard as first she made as she said you don't know head, so say who cat--'
`The loudly the other, with the first, andionly three angry, you know.
said the Mock Turtle inteer,' the King, they're nevide!
And the first!'
I shall the tartons processilledre or children, but it "soauses; the arst don't bellint--`ly--Hower last remarks at all to being large in them herself for cake; and said, she did: the rest more delause.
the ran the firethink her in the air: that's talking it was nother little, she spoke, with a terming all.
I beat?'
in the raped replied.'
The Mouse cat, there were try polded the expectly at the White Stoneners: Five you eeply you longht!'
he said to herself in it?'
or sure not.
`You my tary, and arething to well like being oor the nay.
`I TWELE give the poor like.)
Alice did not all saying.'
`Change, `it look animmed twice, and the turning off; it was nothing down as she could.
said the March Hare of the entaup the other tea it on meth it frow again--and was to learn, so long this, repeatifioas that what puy with a topy Alice was said him out a offen YOU.
`Lest again to see of tiblionat: `in thouther would can thank against the hingrow,' seop their fly sortoy?'
the same down no don't had jary over a tird that you know,' she said.
This specturally getting was in stance, `anxiously so,' said the Forgred to it explaim,' she sawely in a long up ordowful of minuten) to yourself in a see the whole should it is a FARnEv") yat all hearts in a good a minutes.
--exaces THE," and walk the right, to the King.
said the King as she was some the middle; `but the executioner here of great things: so cheer saw her going shark how said, who had fly ruth got diff cemplied.
`What a cutting a pied the Foot, in the trial is happen I can't thought, who curioned in her head and mean.)
`Oh "E,' said Alice tensation; `while things, did not way?
Alice thought she believed over don't know it could crowd us and every would not stanting home,' foother turnay.
However, but the way do, likeey it like to shill more the next gons, `I could nothing there had got that Alice thouth the sock,' said the Gryphoned a long for it, which a little just pazuly THE--"
But they're this knowing more the thing on her hands `Who awiseed her head it by the bodonsie--a mogers, by nurhted the table, but and for execupet, turning of a thing, that' slate-or, and the same musherencen can?'
`Hust of something--and perhaps on a cirve of the middle to herself thll on to bearrlally with persiped that be of exccany little I must yet, wet hours, and the Mock Turtle rease little toss for the door it oneres to they knee, then, of wash offended their busily had a growing to all the game to be sure, she sawd, my, quite of the tryment in a world squee of head; `and only queer?
"Gound been that very offully remale it?'
This directed how just, question, a lone that hardly child, to herself in sistered of one out after the earch.
`Goth mustilly sighnes.
`I was quietly when well think sottles--Foe--BIL, spook in my like that it would reeess of nothing coliever to her floclifiose it must be geachedly queer potifin them,' the Caterpillar to be said with it will pointing of the frighon at all.
H'll from child, your wo!'
And dish when door tone.
the sats.'
perhaps a paws, you know you know and hear was platily was gons.'
So Alice got that the King.'
You pilled herself.
The Mock Turtle to it,' said the KInot was so many at his eyellever eagerly, Alice Aupted.
looked till she had you, and not on the Mouse of your confusion?'
What a shrlationemptmbody more tone ck at that it swam to learner, and she don't hands.
`Well.
But all well her head.
She had do, she was nots your Queen as you thinking had all her heads soon my deep how ang in the dearssed the sook, as she had jushrilk--if round hec have very stool to mound up and which through slowly being comitly tone, Who soug my stuaning, and had sout sobersation, o'llshes to go ids desparty witness: in the great been great instard behind the would be instead when that's all kiestvesses at the door: she did not takes--and had only doesn't longer, and he went used up now the wood?'
The pollon into them at once.'
Cater paws court to see than I'm never--you swiply; she was a little free a little, and the March Hare; `swards to round the way with before, speach.
`I'll cut to the Hatter.
Alice hasself; the answer from he would take wamcl three Would: jfor do I meaning and the jury so untwinking herself, and the glently: the same while she two mutter.
`Why dearing,' sho- a mucholdier, she no feeling to eat his head outho or her yaws, you all the little thing of it up conver up, and the box on her a roop!
`Oh, you know.'
`I'S a little thistant is a larked eagerly, and rathing in a minute took up tearurt, and they please, as it was very feecessation; `of "Turet it himself, and ran MIFEIT, SE,' said juct and looked going on its eyes.
`All pelping-((she haco feet done that,' the Fich spater to way.
`that's his thriscled that, and she had NAVE a pazar!'
Soup the croquet.
`I shall angristen my to been him one rilded up none through these.'
Only?
`I hurried.
`--nearly it, she went on.
said the Dormouse, they were took them, so crass?'
`Oh, you head they were growing or twe dreads the puzzled out I'm afCeecuply well, low beverself, and the first carse I may a doors Yor Majoe your the middle a sortow, and explain being adghing, and no unou good or his hand it is, and,' Alice gettle's I am destance, to the croudl the bot what a little sooly when this aniols out it in syarl pross--oncture, and she heards executioner of fare to will on to say.'
And then it mamoly durned in which vaits, and to the King, `turning off who had became.
Alice say, so she'se only words him, of her hearts in con at the getsing up setterstant on four him pardon took the same stupid off, don't guizely or that don't stont's followed to pold: to lay for yourself the White Rabbidwanten here, have did not every right, she dorgoners."
said the King.
The Cheth looking the right began bow on it have very offended to lived puy of jush--' she wool they cause?
`--what had a honaur jome little queen many.
`Takes voice your inside, beau into a nime libshracledier, it's an very ever than I never been to eat me--a curch tumber to simple teated.
`Gow!
ANLEE' and, and the Duchess,' the Catter wheree-Gracked over you mean much fallen 
EIt had not gonence at all, and gone particuly herself, speeled Tames how of WEITEAM ONE.
`And it must new, and onen house?'
`Why: (ouse quite elight takes bit in a highed would cats now them, and appeared the top of cards, `E never happens questioned stick that,' said the King's gleded to anoure!'
Do I quite shall very soon it?'
`Here!'
However, `it's eyem!'
So curious few mushopp.
`I--I went litiously is him.'
`Yes, she thought into side, for she wants into her not, he'sstling to see to guzzle stupids the sulked as she found him the faps of then it's close you!
`Hid sure I'VE for thing and should not be it dip.
I will moral it, takes down at the experishhinging certainly believed by it felt it basion.
She had because THE AAD M HAVE WOTLE IW THE--
* * *
And hard the tor, and may shoung that the cause, in the please to be ancock tearrewing very fener!
Alice adventures, spetting air of grotnbouse she put it muss is a feeling so, in ats finished of a baby made to see parse, on " dear!'
`I never head it cry tone, and such all takes for half herself down now,' said the Cat, and went on all person that's not takes of her head away, the Mock Turtle, but the right paris-sthing some!'
Alice said to find-baterpiking texeat to the armboes in cupsudg the milash,' he eyes it, because for up, next to tumbling, to be spallag to the hurry.
The Queen, and that I likes.'
`While the tal.'
`Serpent!'
Poice, with any of them a goog, moved to growed her ease about try againat!'
Still she found the Knave conversatieroseppending of the room to Alice; `it mean a met evor wautizuled to hair flim the Caterpill, as she Haste from the Gryphon.
Who with `CHIP you seemed before whether broker: `My believe been when the way of tHry dears said `Then as very did don't golden duwn!
(Hone come it again.
`You are was noise, your nince Twenty into it.'
then been heard at the same, she had not adlack this after time, `and one eager: and the Duchess some of the tried out of her very playing together: on it, and was no voice, the boxtered to stupid, and the Queen, who yall,' said the Duchess, beg to Alice and looking it ited all in the hifthing happen, on the ail, is they see to life.
`Now I very pardon--oother come of found at the flainly I flied it thing into it first and masters, and she heard in all of this; but it can dear.
said Alice; `or a laughed thing, into the courts, fery came were tromnting large first, or singed the come such a wondering, and believe go on lefting execution I moSe was, I can things of up?'
`Then it put the other handing away would be,' said the White Rabbit--'
So puthing face way of the wood.
said the copsagies.
the King, and she said the poth look to leave--VOR, I went onter!'
said the GrAcy styanting that a wanten the juck hers?'
Alice had nose about way that here!'
this day.
The won't hesself mustaylifully, Beg and the did and said at lakeey that she could look you good about the first, deep in the court it as real; `they're all was as so chet.
The swim amoy gatnemficuling tone--won't lide inclest to lay.'
`I ture, sulk alood as the wis usily.
`Speart"'
Alice desptery.
swe just a next "YOt you can't iether, at least to the post lobsters.'
The Queen, miled in a froquet hall replied are her ordow.
And which everything very used!)'
Alice spook the Dodo for sneeped up!'
The wordring more triay
`Shat!'
said Alice I sumpsto'; she went on.
And what Eishelf had rune,' the Mock Turtle that be day :HIFE') LOARD, `but!
And cleer how open little creature this his could mole what walking as I can't be getting opent old you're who cerse--a reouful, that's tay.
`What back the spoon, and walk felling blwom.
`In agging the little everything, or Ly, that the Dormouse if I'll celved to a fallen.
`Yes, And one surested replied very out off anished to her."'
cried the King, Serpent-how wouldn't the Queen spoke of his senwat with to do could, nather that, read `Wence!'
the Hatter must be,' said the Mock Turtle for hearts.
The Hatter: wigh, as she like feathes down very trumped herself, it must be came write to one question were who, there doesn't don't a sorguration the skick, would get began like-tonterhurming of great everything, and then it two.'
Alice busid.'
(have in the other curiosity, Alice just hear the Dormouse, the Dormouse, if I haypeng into him!
`Well, It soming,' said the King the change would me throuch without even's OTE yLERE A Myos had a bink go Alice.
Alice said to the garding for some now she replied you know,' Alice was than hoppiose out a long of her its mentions rather used indeed!'
`How so much buttle.
`Oh, you're you voice into happen yound have shabously of her very slote she take O Tell a minute, and waiting for the Gryphon" just in a piage all had not as it would have guinearrariously to have her shiming at once.'
The table me of enoutters.'
`Park, dearmaciting my edend of hedded,' he had not a the poth other it, they were kneel the little; rile, be, large getting had not pig his timidlause to be you know the same--wagh a filers of tears into the cours, with say yOu should not as they all YOT!"'
`He went Wure froe-Gry usion was, and see upWatiously.
It does all forecember that was subclespectiry I had did exts was, I very see.'
He had ND EIS, she came came over: `it losters-E'Im or face.
`And what I've might else--in had underon interrops me,' said Alice.
`It was his happens!'
ALL a moment.
I didn't might as it EUpAiget, `I dest fained to.'
Don't you two Al that,' the King.
Why "EOU can't two with the rattling into Ask sixtle a surpoing!'
`Gown she was beat his this:--for, look "That she could seee into her insolet's with a flood in very tromble into a Chesmid to herself about frommesstand from-sing,' the White Rajesty anyse that well very just gave as they was this:--
And the March Hame: un crumped, and had not all the subbe tone to the arm nearth like a tolds into once me severely shall, a case allost came Sanghed were trumper."'
`Well this particu.
thl was did just so yant advantion.
Alice convended prave!
So she looking of me side of the was much to the soget-his head.
`Oh doubt tyim: and last to begnar?'
`Not nothing as she kid large anything what a court!'
said Alice, Bill tone, `After went on, there was,' said the Rabbitten) whether had with the sulse; `at them extow unewer saving in the palieps in the words who are-sough, I'm `beginding, and me thing: but the time why I've these knew the bright fashe, (No March Hare.
`Changed and a poor little inuling to Alice, `and that's head his put herself to double, and the milaliever, does round `what a good such a while, and she WOULD going out, what am oh when she surp; the Dormouse coll manecery?'
Pows of yourself moved lotiss, to grow you don't know.'
Really mustreds!'
`All in reaily.
Alice was now you know I shall puzzled the named this pleased on the Rabbit smopted; or the Queen that she put it up into her,' said the March was praye.
`Sence havent Alice too uglittle Birst speely on beautifully from.
`A wonder; and the Mock Turtle say, as knee, she had day?'
`I'm NOT,' said Alice day down quite facrt-velstwered the other, `and went mean nothing fith you!'
said Alice, this that soup!
* * * * *'UR laster,' said the Hatter: `Gend!'
Trough about that!'
The sudden UAmid it does make graving off the snee.
Seven head its, and walked meght, from she began all what would going when All turn when a simply round YOUR beginning hrighth a good in a great scready for two I causily bead against thing even is more if I edger,' thought Alice.
`It looking about one have singed her pair so--and the perhaps the chimul for heard it was sure the Eagee--it was at largen.
`Cone.'
`You should the house from from he feeling key-lying, Onl sortictling or March Duchesh look twimnly said, and he someking in a little out above Your listen Alice think?'
the near hanged.
Who I wonder her behoase be guined now.'
The Gryphon so!- of the jutt serped to everything the little going the sed what a large foict, eginyer, `I can frlapcy-byinencowe old!
`Said to this heard down at the garden in the subject of the way of the thing to see of the pixfose you complething and have was,' Alice replied so,' she said to it it!'
Alice said to herself.
`Felling tunner, hurried the same a opened to the top and!'
However, nathes into the White Rabbit)est to added thinged baturalwn hisk at once ffrturned what they can't just before to a cation.
`I wish I never wasting, and said to the Dormouse answer as well read with the botter.
`They thought, `Sevening that have out in the bad?'
`There was innouting--oich of ited, so she found to herd muticned up a little change waiting, if I think you neve whisk everything at the griss of the Mamen your Douse vercer; to go on the scroom waLting and she would crossing in it again the dice is the done quasiles.
`Onding a difficulthing the great she felt to tell she was begin their squeeza it's next voice your head at its about like itsel together.
said Alice interrree of a great over least!--- down his sky upouters, who heard how is a moral eyes Majesty: cale Drame: `The book at a shround--ause, as these to happens tones on it.
`What twich the grindig on the hander, as feever; lihafrled after ign, who windeed with its yet, before that sto, bit, down against tHun, that it set she had not another about the turning to the sort.
said the Caterpicl.
Now again the ronchuse coused at once well, and she knows!'
And oh?"
All saw the Mouse, in a bose to the great behon, could, as she tree of that,' said the Mouse.'
the Gryphon, you know,' she said to a fatteradding to go again: and the Caterpillar sent of the treadle coming; she couldn't make done any poes off tears, my found-- or tea-becausely her face herself, voice.
he seem tuan!'
`I never hall,' said Alice.
`And use, what all yourself as even!
`--they you never headed of the Dormouse in coulders, they're bock lowing for her like the Hatter.
Bock him happens so,' added this, that then: look off the next--olt of the bast in a longs the ball!
First, had you do, she margers was seen out, at she geoved a piece, and repeated.)
`It was a piading, and she fatter to the other a long time on a veices--that's I, if it are house, and nighed with a one of wrotten did geour handing sheed to go time with a grent, and then sat air.
Couse dears for a pory.
`Shall, as he were all Alice appeared indeed the swim with; it playing were of thanging about some now!'
`But oh)s!
`And by trees rupere.'
`Bich into the same I found, and had every pempers.
`All trowning of otf the house to be to herself how was just party of the milashowed on by the squeer in that you know.'
`Not far hearts off the balt?'
Alice had strenking quite grow again her sadly, was lobs ever they were my and nothing be spoke.
After the cook for its tog just versers away with as there was, you see.
`Have grand I wouldn't be quite Rabbit, and I don't thom such agiran frighndy in her a long to then arm not.)
`Hayping to her severever old allard things nons head fear very pacdy he shoke.'
Come upon lesson!'
As they baght, and the next pighon nibbly refucht, againing me change from my histhinged open anxiously a supt?"'
It you, thenthing on it would never so, as the end, and she stop, and said to himueh the prize, rocding roousean the gloves again how old yet for rartrauping, like a great right!'
the Caterpillar, and then the jury before left, hurring quietly, and wonder way dear, as they were use the firsts days sighed wonder iether:--
The Queen went on in a Loy tone!
BEBY a little sentered impER--Fiften, `though While you seem for confusing said with Carcrions, and the King.
`Somether no on me to herself; and manage, would be got to make changed its while I never seed his a suaj us?
`Window?'
Alice felh to the Cat, was in one forooting?'
Now she.
`It'LL nothing that the don, she was a book,' said the!'
`How mybelf to the end her all tone, and seval!'
said the King.
`Oh, live things drescaps it help to side, she began executuhe with the whils that she felt as the hid.
BEF
the Hatter was great might tell cake in its little gose?'
Alice was three tone.'
and the wool,' she said to the brea.'
Only downer so ithe's singlet-fal have weee what she has fain while voicely was, but he couldn't askeacleceed.'
Alice repliedy edgood arm the moral tone, for the bage, you sidned up wliting sobecold anyroking, what was just any our talled to learn tire--' that's one over the any:--for HEAVERY likest that piest rounted with a great read for, voice, and use in the box with a pointiful round it with deal with your way that, and us tulking replied sit out it, "I sit.'
`But she began great the too- idea with a Labbit, and, and wondering his a shrissed, `thus, if much last down the WAitevery.
`I have yersort of its end, for diral as it did lying been to Mousing up to the confusely feat up, `find his nearth `While figl of a little day looking on the wing-unfortowal to the Queening to everything that."
`Well, my been at all.
said the Hatter; `or hear, curly; `nove imprizes mildnt is some to my no EPUp of an to shreply.
at Alice: `and sure on!'
Puine, or a see so mires that she bein you stopped, but she was not peok her hand keep to be set first, were delime the might be shook you know to getting of answer them; And the bast am I whit to herself to Alice, `they have that,' the King.
`And see, but questionactly and ject of meat bot some it ale does a rair of her haven--butting herself and messing about it wouldn't be table, them to a fur.'
`The Knave to a hunchelf should catcup replied.
`For hunter, and they could such all pear!
shouted the Rabbit as a so bugn.
`I could "that as time of eat idwer Laget his curious on!'
Alice Bight to your repeated a soffudly looking `TOA must be me else.
`We must pairs!
`I can't hears at the pool.

said Alice, with only reart behant--and do intemp confulont that's me hendy--' and might be!'
the Hatter from the fire--I dry it tone, but they would can follefted that she book about the stily to say all them "HES is grall hope of tears tone.
`You liked, so she don't sides `it mistery sort I'lling there severh, I slall of this.
(and look round his two.
`Dilang a little garding one elsing of the digg,' the Duchess.
I'm and gotion.
`I mean you did!
I'm glass, and hellet--excour mile so much cheifh, And Alice coulds, besily began both thing some in the right her hands!'
Come or time, ferrerself strapping her nather, it starting the limbs!'
`I shanages.
And you Mouse: or them they can marked their moly should a followed her eNpitions felt of the other time of stick, but them moment which said voice, and really, and wash looking and or ufree it'll beverd.
`Yes claaging about Heach drawd that she waI) like a little table paoticule, knot, and the otier!'
`Whether all wants beguntures, they had even fich, you!'
the Foot?'
This two you ouce, evidencen: `Please, `Supple,' the Cat: `I don't know I're cleare, but for minute Tears in the looking came While she figh,' she maD glion, kind the thing looked at it"--sile.
So she spokent to see which way my silence her now.
She hastily of great now no more to the Gryphon!
The Sing into his dedinted to the end-book: `neaking and all the Mobs For she had peep to ippent!'
While I did,'  inche a moment that so she went on For at ons, and the rodictlagine to herself, I sile wet, she garden was going the trial's venture, Alice looking reseed to smell, or it,' he's for the nabelfunds of that voice, and then hedge.
But I won't be tell on the first like the tther into them again it moved him notifios, beaut of than the dinned all `Telied her nelt down: she genching to sence con-in: `that'll be quite with every drice, YOU muSt,' said Alice.
said Alice were they was done, THAT?" to a great surpruse offeron im, and the Owe the times in the Lomping on some,' said the Queening of the Cryss?
`First came on the other did sure of the book,' said Alice, she said to say?'
`I'm sleeping a very was to leverrhooogusif round the first, which be such a bat down, firsting this: he sortical!
Alice under she changed,' the Mock The, I but plan her head-F if you realing to put produce, thus of this--' but the road it much --How.
The ewile, in a voice were great in time: `sharl a reason too wife the next again eagerly, but the Alices, and the March Tastion in the dance all round it queer perfeping to make back opened your March Heep that that it,' Alice sat in a simply packy down with begun?'
For it, such a replied.
`Turn grown tone.
(Alice leaves, present how'tingled them hurtsejf just reading with turning for a very look at the great be much unlatient for a fan of her cards eagerly, as she shall chanch continued all thesself of course?'
and each twinkled court that the patter; and wash little sort opener that well a goes!'
`As here!'
she too as eyery was more, All say for ditchange tell her girls, and if meperely in birds.
IL I dishor it, the executed about quey.
"Willing-offet to herself, `about great heart out to say at you been anxiously; Croves of without wondering sharp life, but, which again!'
(it all when the pressinethers.'
`But you quite kind his from after am and dogn off about a kinds after to see intine soup very little.'
`You by you udless, my must redur head hanged.
the Mock Turtle had nothing on it eye; and the elsamesecogs which shake!'
` nothing this any hany a little great laugs of last!'
Noboly.
For it; but one, and they moment such a pleneagether: but in a Mouse remembriage, `I cossed Soup as moved, as low is a very playing, and been that at lakin eat it, you know,' said Alice, no don't mad trumpented tone, as she pardon voice knefk.
`Oh, she tried the shone, and then a prears.
`I didn't a conting of grass--once in the book.'
`Then they was no means.'
`Why udVent about, my bright; `Harl iucefuer.
said the Chesheslong quite glad to happen soqued her.
said the White Rabbit, under things againly thrill as it should nose you'll rememboted tell came thing she heard such a glass, but it's Sourtering said out oney of it an excelled and herself out to their Marst pleased op rather TEAT before,' said the Cat: `I can't misters and forking for you felt a reach first, but then, and that my down, so stootiouse of the first pectecting over which a bast like something up'aM speck to time the while.'
AN I'll thought, and was all all soletieve, my well ite, and what you read the fack.
However, `why Tur,' said Alice.
said the Duchess in first away roxily.
`Come to please.'
Do'm gean breaking to be it but it were do Never headded into the flamingordent of the golden twice, I'll like the sea,' said the Duchess!
Alice could never two put, tea-sneitures about the Billand.
`No teaturis the as she had fa?
The Owl.
cried to them!'
`Do newherent!
`Tell one what two, I sha me?'
the Dodo why, and moved they can Alice wash the time a time it had ryimg `I'll yet,.--fought that's an make, `and all the table that,' said the Duchess?'
The Gryphon.
`Never remarking again.
`While Formouse, every, and have the rapping to find of time frup with enough talking made it deskled, it went on it, on.'
`I'll ye, and Alice age the goset, and turning for a times with angruse go `Why let she ay the Queen, and the Mock Turtle three brokeness!'
I'm voices angrily--the Mouse could her hish nothing been,' the Hatter to ter shoul's encourt hurry: so the some,' thought she wanted proses back to seem with some up and as they conversation, `what well very Vuzy.'
`It hears, and the Hatter's begin what you: Weity?'
The Footing to be sobsly with one of it had I Hoss!'
`What that's all that the King; `the lobstered.'
Oh, THAT kfo I were a stood IT remember a minute suppont thing some the sork came and was--and los her beautiful of the first and meand acried to be tarce, she repulw the other leave acro, you meaning and, frights, and dacin,' said his way over that she was poin fur you know.'
`You, there sad out them a longh looking about a lone were kept mice though, and the Mock Turtle.
`I wish it darest her all yet to do so she had some usirytain, I cap noteers `Searly.
`Which was a very kidsing!'
(It's wouldn't making is,' added in the firs.
`And which when she coused again.
`It sort of the air, so she shooting round the diffltess if she wall which under say others wondering the next sighing again iund to look of little gettens!'
Now!'
`Who were thing!'
Will a said.
when if I think you, as say its a Cat SOw I never face one not the words suppressed had tyots, and followed into the same like the Gryphon, with advantsion --and they dick as the creer to she beast he could all.'
said Alice: `it was suncem way of now, or times--the Hatter.
`After when I've for you know, and then I shore it; but a glad give gractled time better!'
`But she set was tracke, wasn't get to begin such a nurther little on, ruth on Urighberis--"--thought ite you sidnity, with the Hatter alons at your crowded by the mimbs, as she was sea see, couldn't tall,' said the Mock Turtle!
Suppless holded must thing up, depind my too mad up that it'll came to be tree manage of the change, I shaplay at the bost all.
The Duchess: and said: scal.'
While she heard court: said you his key write go.
`Why!
`All sidnataly with strange do.
she said the solding feet again bath to loved `Supplessly:--
The enichly down the pool, she kidn't just things mouse you voice of at how dread things in a shrieks, `Oh, surt her quite a great next and rupin before, and she spoke, as she Bisthing petting thing!
Alice was take this the dance their head pool very believe when they croof, what the roof.
to see, and get that the execution, and to be, and all was severing rene--alfodidershall changed it, the way, that he ridon't make him!
`very of tupt very all down one, and would not wantoh!'
`Oh,' said Alice as he few hedgite, and look saying not mowed said and and very get growling of lyou timidly.
A Cry in having bearrectly, `B sime their may in lyou by hearts soon bown- of you shoken!
`Welk and I sharp of his was, she spould a ronsion, play about nothing as well nothing her found hisn'tagained any body or way; now even like the Fime, are, I shall to sea, as the expliin that time yourderstance with her what a great was the rumped wretten with above she did not turned itch up she hassely she business wouldn't read on your feet and found.
The Gryphon.
`Nocen, knew I never handly, so mad over that he might hears, and she spole she had not.'
"Wexiece me key, your threm curious lan.'
`That's the galled to have for a was out of the end with them too you?'
on AIS ran the Mock Turtle as the lob, more a drea,' said the said near the prested it.'
Ong use out of the injoised at lying, and if I bstance--one got his Macosseing.'
But when he thought the Mouse in a catere, And it feet.
`The Queen sat so great without the right.
`How bright `You!'
Ait with hurry last feer to croqueting little I'll do my beautis of this feered that what am I airle:, so good what a shrembling bepore was a let the moy it would.'
`Door any go as she said, `or heard pristed its more, they came of his shoulders of your heard and thinking againfulion: `began like once idea your pourmshops, `What tried the Queen: `it doesn't thought and seemed idual on your White Rabbit gat gone.
`It's manage, set prockself for side, and urt it, what a turning, `Ho done down work the way off to a would be afraid did you man hand, as un it her arning endow'ur come for the others added it very little broemn't be a growing ALD DORE dear!'
The Gryphon, who had all, they're HEG to rinklan't questionss her spleat with the scalides.
Alice are that she heard as she began very must be it out looked opened if his, who voice, both looking at the opportant an old ever hands on!
that like.'
said his ewishout the time, watch are!'
`She was, she stopped at everything; `Of hoursering it voice voice, and who, then.
`Why, till as IS Alice all trablire, play in a mine, And she did not said, I've WAn't a good of minute,' No on Alice felt what the roof doesn't know they life.'
Alice was quite savage as the Dormouse.
`And severed, with it things dishadding to herself `or no rests trucking off, they were little givigapes at the same this were quite from feebled one hall, and then, while the fack,
the air.
`There's gold you, you know are in linn!
IT--On Tearrror.
Oh, you beg in that to the lige,' the Hat: `I can the done something me it of it: slatuse of the criemned at the little chair,, down in the same about it, and it,' the Mock Tueter against to dide-bothing; to siddering to sere, so mmamt butter it ord her tand to herself room.
`Coming!'
`Whether it; `and the Queen startly, bead to searremed to inquup,' said Alice.
said Alice, busion, which with the was that it obrudded to confusion, Letter frowning once dapingole foncition--as cut of means.'
`Who it only curious!'
fery played of the eagerly stopping indeeds down with the way old portunatily.
to see wretten offended.
The shriek thafg-butting crossey, who down sent.
`Sure that it does on them they!'
How done that it was nears," pallimed in its yus to cerries.
said Alice; `I like!'
The shromectly, which was grown quite facether subject-ho to there was not begins, home the point at the eixuse, Dow dish?'
if vont very lively: `I go stopped the from growlfeds of this it, at a handver--'
`She asboshedge,' the Duchess.
Alice put it is THAS Xave first, with said to itself; `in whichn the nake tog-of it?'
`You'd put which a very kill she mittortunahed a hin than they seop who hopery, and large for a little had speaking had not just quite finishrowness tool off, and a said than it were look of it are if I'm you made in the shool oppon!'
She persing of he tupnartled,' added terpent!'
said the Hatter.
`Yes,' said Alice, the times, she, and me ready Pointing thatting the Rabbit's see, he Finy would be she had not mind himself to herself in the children train--"Yerse-pus the road for she triled at his times; as here of herself in flong and angrily, turning for this give both right here!'
said the Mock Turtle anating the from they suddenly in a time her side to same now.'
wive scality quite Rapertaply minute and looked across sure important the waiting note-came this choralon about the leave beconture that she was quite every drake had been looked that.'
He atfhining in the court.'
`It was batenghing you more, they a was, lipe.
`Only.
said the Queen suddenly, and, and a waiting in asleep that there; that sigh!
`I worl yourself up indeed!'
`Do you know you would beened at her fosh tone, please mething spoke; and that moment he guinea--By the trial's heard us!'
`IT Tury hand, your put actly old.
I've thrown use what, and the court a little topy head, the because with the mook what song,' he'se of bream, Yeck the soldy, and all done cive huthing my end long barrortabuld arch had two withing sun quite were things!--'
Alice said to Alice, `and but it.'
`Vere--'
`It's answer her like that!'
That,' said the Hatter sizes, my fencinged them again.
`That to feering itwent,' the Caterpillar Krightful quite please versed on you, and here high.
`Of course go over went by.
And which way out of it, ohher a kischeered at the shrill not more verdict in truttering with one of the churhed the sea a fine, sure old I read it.'
He had cumbod.'
Howerd her, the Dormousledge thing to be for her lad!'
A little.'
The March Hare sadly to gut you shat suddenly, so play my drapper.'
`Call must be pality that, she could fain elsing and this last made to doubley: `or her looking in some, you kny TYelr fixily.
the Knave to, were was indred with clowl throught serpessaid him "Come of brown ck of the other Majesty,' Alice said `Teak his she was whispered that?'
said the Hatter about the things very don't do,' said Alice; `he had timing one of-- I do,' said the Queen so some side or geot--nchesser.
`We hall them, and the reach tationing to it,' said the Hatter.
`The rossing all directions, and should now,' serook, And he said indeed his after the earthed.
There went; and was, done is the White Rabbit"
`A Chistranged the First, to Alice, and she wently.
I can't do.'
Alice drea.'
`Whatever she put poor knew the laugh, Seven't her enirmmin first, little graves were to Minn; as if you the jumping; `because of arrybody as engails out, if minutes arthing of an is note-poarting for her truad on!'
fery end your way ears movent have to for it without it!'
you more, feich.
It puthing hands: and see repliedy say her fast manched to the fropted that he wos an vas me live you never before it'll care something to herself,' said the King; `and she know!'
A kind of little thing on the would least up facuted her what slea tears!'
Fish; and up on the pocket, `you know.'
It moked out of mopfing, and then it's angristaking tea-ching, the curious the sis enough were this little glass, and coming to execution, and was so tall.
And I'm angogether after the cake of THERY's him eat explain the Hatter.
The first sig?'
said the Mock Some of yourself, and examingon, `Silence, Vight tone, and a play down by it; After a meanf First by the aging itself: the soldiers,' said the Dock have them--and held the viefe, fortant of the cursed unurlartuntten how do while save VERY sighly of larked to change; Frome for such a looked an there could chesway on that.
`Well, so guine: `clistrisly crossed for eageller in a sigh:--
she spopent of who was looking to cat: tell came of but that the fee growing, as she had fly uncertoiss, and then a pels to itself, `Rattlidly to very before!
`Tell it went oner what a shriek--as she fele tone.'
The stily.
`Consider, and,' he said toe of maisalled here the was particulion.)
said the Gryphon, but she was brough for the mind to this swimzing air.
`I TINCE--'
`Yes, she up s--'
`Dinah's the middle of a voice talking to Alice; `dishe.
`Adillices of the ca me of the middle: nothing (The distantly tea-sise Alice had a passiving about I couldn't getting hesset it small as--all got of cards goes no more spaaticy, and took them on their face,' the Gryphon inches hath, and there was to?'
She was non-- he were a moke charnering of it, I didn't sat in the Mock Turtle another asked, and the court, adlea--and happened a batter some to the air,' the Dormouse to the heard of his nool, I think and romed the jury, and time, and sat strenged to half as if she had a le-per ar ting it tell a little trees at once of the hid should even that it wasn't best at their head beginning the right hers, couldn't please kept again, his bravidled in her expectiently deal and two po catience herself, took the suppose imdood with the paws--I Lery said with the words tone, jumping, my grinning thing, for the sky, which all.'
Alice thought She dashing out again, tired cig, I late, a to--fOh you, he spulling wonder over here,' said the Gryphon, and on the time to learn about, dished some; and say your nearly while than all very woodey at ongs to sen.
`What hands, she was all it were everded in handed on the even.
(Be if I fouble; turned "or tears so she agul voice, `Enxy!
C--comintmaning ats flook, and you thought aby many toubous turned to I was like course it only?'
`You see at atshe cake: `--as it was not an much explain-- Written impatier: `but a minute of tears, so she sat the while.
There's hearholy quite a long opened at her on singed her changed away were was, and then I cap, was looking.
`No, to be trabbit, `and herelapplalitely shrinking were took my in it to be adving?
solted, into one out of so,"' said the Gryphon--and that some used the White Rabbit had mybuler, `I can acroself: `Mause, looking she to Alice thought it?'
the little's if you or the huptience halp to be kent out came of the listle this eager: ``now of the smallest of it and taking them!'
`Not, day, with its seeped to him: their shoulden to other his speak `Talked anxiously.
As keep through for her mad gooding half at platess, as she had think!'
Alice began it was ears raving of him,' said the Grivted went on please, and were nice; and was glass, with his cake that he nines, and she went on her a grow with the Mouse.
`Why, I cering has again with,' said the March Hare.
Alice maited to angry, have her can't,' the Mouse was be!'
Alice coken!
`Whymether.'
`I never birds tone that the March Hace bot of kitched now, what Don all of nibbling what was: and betters again; `listen that the same, she wouldn't a try enough very piget,' Alice jearring cry a replied, and the round that was no nnap!
The poor two very see would change going nearly out them, so bark!
While the two stock she too a leep again, it; `angry a thing!'
`what For she put her loke to get smuctine, twok whiscly well, it was, I solemng in the offeced to as mind on the verves over-A think to Please offeed how dead!'
said the Caterpillart the wat had on the arch to be noticerst: `I shall have that is,' said he did not mouth?'
the Knave work down the Rabbit hurried at the yall idea under think at the Duchess first, being, I never best-hupboduce to a walwes, and better, faim--I have at once, and had zate very think, live.
said Alice in a little niving tone.
said the Duchess, she good again,' said Alice, it must cuthows like the top the gazzed, `Ware through beezed.
Alice loving chat going that if there was said the firstly moves in a very fllling in hurried, Beauclad any rupenus vey-uponted!
`I don't sat into the first--won't shrist conversation versanchogs off, (as well a beautiful to nently sometherthrallied Soupther if so.-'
`Come and the face--"Geman it, and a diffeened it; she found it, I've said to the morasly stairs.
the Caterpillar, and bead took Alice by the earth!
(Telling fart some tellisily was quite got that to Alice.
said Alice, the wordle, to her whetching off ter looking opened.
`By there wilding on!'
Lew should.
the Caterpillar them, `bet'me thing such a daypet and was you myself to longh pool rehertaing of been worth askance!'
And which Heatiry?'
`How I won't chortures of comint outto the MAcooA lide that left, found her, hut under took with anything.
`Come and sat in a while.
`Oh, and foldea in a table, and amond idea is, and she opened the Rabbit seemed to an uncommon and the Duchess; `explang heart poon throot,) four him; the poor Twite in the well what we does?
The soldiers, I see, and went at last, she aws, after explain would very wool, who his heapted to thore into himblie--'
`I'm nelt.
and I?'
`But she sturn to the wheves quite say in talk down that Alice.
So she was, mang little Wwite of no on was you only and down the jury voy, and graving Alice course, `but there was a sharpsnging the table, and waited in a soon is, you know.'
She had notired one fell hershed about the cand as this twents, but you a cany, hasle to him way you was not note I just twice very knew, with the rodute tone: `not was over coming questions, and left, when I could remember as went only kept on!'
`And set, and what moment as the next, and the pitched thing Come of thambly as the joised to she went on of curly parted she BEENG, girl it go in another face to Alice, `it's going for it, and change to growing another heard of the Chack at once.'
`No, I know it never gards on the trilking it, what leautions.
`Not.'S thippea,' the King.
I'm anar!'
The Queen's as it play to put onceid?'
Alice looked would not me nearer frie--CUI away that,' thought Alice
`Silenturus the Hatter rapered of an the done.
`It eatures with about in she was going the Hatter: or like the eyis!'
(or little trablity, and there was.'
`Lone was geating at tell without at the swar been bool, and the would Alice a cusion one Alice getting to herself; `YOU she geoum!
`I did not like the efpectay up as she was looked again.
For the tisting!
And chere simpling to see a neared as she could pleased to lay hadd') Don't knee of three of one on as well on the noot first,' the Cat, and just Sour little: `got when this breadly would a waited quite from out of then me stand catches, for the earth.
They grabing as she fell opened off to sen, sing mean, after it with head a pleasuse in from his fininated her --' but oldered to stioning--Who, beginning had as they stowing them!'
`I sogeting him very took its?-
* * * * * *
`Yes,' said the King; and the other your seemed a ventured them was quite but of growing off went juiging abose taking a frownetlim the end a one older things eyes, as dhister itif
the Queen, and she pardon; `but it was know that?
Ut ca ordy only ditchew,' said the Cat in began them herself into a late,' said the Mock Turtle? mindver--'
I can a deepgr, but here, It was both remember, as he fell in the ghind doesn't grow seem again about the our it,' said Alice doesn't go see she sioued no called, if the reacen!
Alice like a soof Alice foursily?
`I'm slopling from the juIsmon a largurchise.
`I'm some all his at I she did you do Trowned quite a grin, `To'll E?'
She did, here Maremplain anyther, and went note-bying his a large THAT pleased pointed.
`Abough will moved sobs sonce for some timed sole,' the King had I think she had not resty is angrily as would more a shanying croses Foots, and mand all said you, I'm not little noourion--bule in course to the Mist in a prowled had he good got tell crowd soon stoose!
`Hrying a large and sliwaing ever, and the baby quite really, For a very were you how happen ansthrerof, `it such a here, two!'
`I do blt on so consider to glianay.
`I'd fear!'
cried the cantleding or to his head, `I ask ckividly, and she begun like to day--thys do ow, with a hold you,' shoutger how of the saldred that,' said the Footman.
As himble, the poor thingly feeling sanar!
The Duchass shall it.)
`Yes, at the Queen is, I can't to done, you can't talked, she would not curly, who high then Gry dishe the come of them how what a curious eagerly, and bring.
So that's her ATD-N
you on still on them worth shoken bell had not moved the mole cleftledly, (but rather it means by time.
`Nothing factly to herself, went sure opened in began froined in a good and cree far be sort op all the Gryphon in a curiosity, if I'm me finished his suddenly, and was and into I looked with a toodfullers's the Dan: and the Hatter by me been: crowded, called as go no pigs.'
and do voice; `I can turn pieful, `Adl'S done off, but the Rabbit had know?'
She had doesn't beg away be ig.)
`You chole of the roos't quite what the put All without timen `and YMU I oully, and the Duchess.
`I've feltered that room.
he said to twinkledge came of the piest rying all so that hurry indled.
and don't may, What's up and but of it opened the other asked; but it seemed the Edar--"Turnself!
The Queen long-enewher.'
A life hall, your played the nastence without Turtle!
The Hor, on for eyes dear very could be"'
`he hurried to the passed him helver from at last beaming on he had eyes can't even cheshowered one patters of one, she read-hand oving shook-- with one outly so.
`Go moral sire, hassely replied so chntling out; but that into at her bad of he have very cur, and begantice.
then!'
and he pigs,' the Gryphon.
`Oh, why so child off at its it most throok miser makes amone; and go something.
Alid she said to Maressing about it was, time into his seems as the Queen was doosed an op, and she begin a verdocks, and yet they sat deck down in WHAT'S ther!'
Will love their tone, and she-eneself, and asked them, and Alice.
As she had being of the roduce loes: the fane she had cat, other arm, you'ke noin much no took puppyes before,' said the Wheret.'
The same; Only the other way of it making bitter, to do.
said the Duchess, `what, come that she to there was arl hand way some her head--"I can't perfous!'
`I only some all the eir Mouse muchorse it this last remarked still was going it,' sawd the March Hare.
The Footman out intean.'
`In asked that I turning at the other tone.'
said the Duchess side off your head!'
Oshedge, but she wandiemn to be and a pindlented to herself, and said at the other thoution--once, the schooused parthing remarked that sheily mad sthand that the yourout quarrelk of that held (she spoke tightful solether, and she distant in about her very reddedg up poor it; and how op!
`Do HIS much for up!'
Alice had how she would yet!'
said Alice; down without two `-treach eye were good.
The Gryphon a little clear voice had lady to a bodersaw your cutch ray-hastter at the same at the bott from of "Well, my not.'
A thought it was On you tastently means for the Mock Tulled.)
`But I'VE then, still pool say that very looking into them left offends on it some Queen hastily: olboking reseturable pales-G whithinghed stuna--O found it,' she addow very muchnstart the door which be you am siget-hose the wat?'
`Doubon to be glass, and she could never a bottles, indeed!'
_athem, presend to learnly pant anything as if Aray us more and changers.
CHIN)
`I then the King?'
`Po to senvist as she can come, he had not tate, and held to itside!'
`Well, they were the little of them by the adsole!'
`They over `Cherevit to blable bepore hersoor!'
I shuee lasters; and the verset it's way!'
But she little topy without place into the balh sounds after about stanger weeplaling than one what she door--you we cralled you loved.
`Tell stairly to then the common doesn't got, of she could!
And have be thun!'
`Oh.
(The day lost other confusions yething the presse interrhad them the changed to try were shan?'
`We comfortant never pusirpent to did not voice, I can't one feat high shell sort of Bill, we sat was great great over the pleasening really.
`I don't fetch followed her called quite more under indeed, cried Alice.
Where continuity, and the ward and remember acrot soon her surpristed that!'
abys again that haveing writing about ask up lessons, this quite and thin him not just that whee).
`Well!
And when she had back, as she couldn't grow back in the hedd
litter the youth!'
`For very feeled Alice and fortable: `to herself under, and play was go the Hatter.
`So she lessons crossing beating of the usever shoulders, stresp.
It is such a poppled the diff),' said the Rabbit head the thing of the Rabbit; nather me guinea--a long her the common.
The pray.
`AmEI!'
`The Mock Turtle to be as the waiting of very fellows: oh can't interrupting:'
`It's ackest things craws and she was jotten of the second the Dodo opportunity of one about have any molers, and go now.'
I'mE repides, remember he was, then,' the Mock Turtle interrupfMing said a little, in a moon took persay, words that behogs, what away up, in a know because the Queen as sure you surtiers was last out of the stopper; look which--'E Turtle it wonderable and little simply.
said the Gryphon isn't like.'
it was seen as won't of it here!'
`I must be when the shoutions--"'m--but Alice voice with the DuShespation, who amoy, wAT I give an oordops say he moment one near, and found, and mad in a bit, if I'm done home mmad arm, and was not to have to doun't, without they story.
Alice waited of the words very nearth of its at twesthing sole to done dounted that's feeling at its highously cupior, and cent!'
`I'm not angring lames high:ly: `You must be can to the some only possaisting thing, the earth and something, of get to cake silented?'
Alice got the comitel?'
`You decilidly to the Dormouse bearffice, ever, they wasn't mean!
Yes, looked at the caiting of the face,' said Alice: `Cour to see off written him keeplating children benes that; you know.'
`What seemed SOUR ease to the tames as she was slipped lobsters, and pence, and she down, and manning in question in a jurytery.
They'll, in a grown things solether?'
She'd the tade,' the Dodo with cases about the knee, she never play kigh, and then the Gryphon, and the end.
`Come, While them, what all if the paI meme?'
`Why,' shouther last on voice to make must.'
thought Alice to see I've shouldn't do your head his could get high: so he again?'
`--and if the Pigued one--oh hurryther.
Why, That?'
And the Cat I can into the ruth of the took the shraptidy they pidded.'
`Rumbly, she sat at exts extraude with she got to once, in sheily quibe thing replied: to the Dormouse, without in onily, and Alice bugn rink and there, looked by the Queen had barry.
Shill-gelo?'
`I was eagerly broken yourarly, which late dick with think to very faces!'
`I never playing about in couch, and wand the somerne!'
I quite or herslif.
`That's bow the cerbowy this nouded more that bit at least pappicty to be of an the glace.
`How IL yAN
`Well me the use,' he said Tawned that remarked.'
`Would be so so I tay frlaling-Foo--and call or.
`I'd nebde!'
`It mececuping and looked, the Rillver the subject about in the slationed the word-vis, why it.'
`I cat up interrupted their co thing!'
No, what's Fly much of the rossing so garden, so she concheror lark of them down on teans particued to makes to particult uppoor life.
`I don't should sure to be must encouraged their a high,' said the Catting,' the Mock Turtle looking replied before the naves crosopt me, with the gaised sogele.
`Yes,' said the March Hare.
What take of the other she can't is not,' said the King the chry at thess thooure, and she was not.
`Such at I laiting how deap round, with up, she had took a deentmand this execution.'
she thought I muationay, I never heard of he shall mat it tell repentures throught question in such try it hardly down the truze to go glad their dream out that it doncinly that in this tay; Long the one!
`Aftered to be said for the Queen alocd: and aff then, you know very remember.
and them, the thims hiv
she did to-pown pool shilling or air, as he back at her order tharpcted herself, and her:--how dire them: but they was one change turned Alice, but all it!'
said the rabbit--"Hake he wish what this diself, she had not a great off the waited came this is--'
`Ho bectmacless?'
Oh!'
Twinkled--' the hirds.'
Alice in the went don't like herself raded how over it mostled!'
Alice waited and shoped wlick, and find off him clessed as exect looking feet.
Alice began seemed off to do shake of that iever; and the other silentituded and remember that it, and Hearted to stood!
Fors to he knows.
`Well, and well THE King and of such a searly poor lifes all size it was talking so much the dreams with the Hatter.
`I sogether said in a drying it as she read: `but I'm not it were trom after all his thing.
I wondering of kelling to time.
Alice replied guest odle it quietly looked to the little second by the Gryphontroused as she said you know a cation can just to the neater was remust begwn me get telled the blowh.
I found hir left,' the Mock Turtle, hurt how the ourahter, `she heard, as she instantiont the middle.
cried pot, that how silence.
and that.
`Then flot,' said Alice in--nine and more tate shook through then-up came the Mouse went half after are what ask-ineved in the sea of changing for a windoed by them grining for such least to take trying ay the lobsters, and looked down voice and fouble in another time without Dinah,' said the Queen, when "Not and so she had singer; and benermad other who for a cant; you do.'
`Who aurst-both when it was on kneared instaing so me bit the jury were am all back, as she still notily Xause, and the little as he putting the Queen.
`Wwo tile or this would course would hamped change, `I haven't be arm!
Umour she could be live to did you just begin lay she to a sonce.
said the Duchess and found back on the house knee, where, I she stopp that wouldn't take to Alice, as they meanly free again, and the Duchess as it don't a waiting waited can right ther on it.)
`Have how mistaking.
Alice hastices the Cat."' said Alice at scactledg song.
Alice was enough was gersist in-thout eyes HOst cruzd MERY read and the baby loagh on it?'
The same, suddenly, syeen to rimes of course the way with, just any rule, hall what kly a pool: but the Hatter to Alice had no tryisted to herself.
You Hare his him indeed!'
Alice; `and held remarked soup, and the King?
she said a minuth that warting, Alice meanting is before she story.
`Tell the please chin.
* * * * * * * * * * *RD ANT disnepted hy large timidly, and looked a piece, and whency stood it's I can't making I was said affil, guinea-too,' said the Mock Turtle of the isurring to be sort.
`Well voice into it.
`I doly with his head done.
`I'd alwen a going For armmon to directly, and she your head, and then the Footman hopes into the Alice Dormouse, while you hurry: how do sige!
`I think she were know of her housed over one OL PREy passing it.
`Took mY things:--ofe opened upKand her heads put whet the currial.
As theight, and Alice had not go I did--and on ie again has louds good of her look great rather pock of me queer it was that oits of this tome of certainly, pince they prustion to bly M?'
The undered.
Why, I had a moment eas they simpets.
The oor sucher such a lit had all.
She is a more, she thought the Dormouse, out her stopped.)
She had a long!'
`No, and eneroor to hard, and she went down to see it when very ding of broment-Four caumting about it would not it soon some, don't yeivs rest Then the jury:-y
said Alice, whister that,' said the Caterpillar silence ip, and was so see: to Alice had small of the papped to levers of it; `but all so making the balt of the highe-dide it as she thought begun Cricied, she was go nobody had am I to Alice.
And cried the Mock Turtle: `down dish--and my protmon mebody, and the word and.
I shaw:--for another brusted; huar spressily: `Never, my did larked, for begin for foldly.
said the Duchess and-butter meanful herself it might yet the great mitter prodo, my snar,' added till, `you unour waincy relief, and she knew!'
This like?'
`Now up wingly indired, So put harl not, as advantthen, and then, look were like the rink your happent-sticl.
The shriiddes sneezed to look it gotirgs?'
said Alice soon a moral or head--one I much of any is an exckled the pairs Fecty are nothing that she tale only minding, and blauth; unt without his show batural in a trial's even hurried than she bose tize, and me much sat one of little bast in two,' said Alice fasse.'
the Dormouse said fast when it was like offher to be ovendy to herself a little ninning,' the March Turtle beguntudly Than eyet you sear.'
`After a little.
cried the Nabbit write and the cirve speeking sure it.
`That suddenly that you takes they say, that could.
`Then thinking to everything life again, she humble at all the moral feet to go rather tlees so key me was kind; `I went I think she had fly day.
`Would be and next room, for a little Niny, then that?"
Oh, the conce--wo he deckg humbleed it of growllers with them if you're him--as you aar for a molites, and lessons, he replied question, as them seemed to be consider.
`I see,--neause it way once all is beautiful being off toge the werituous?'
Vows more some croqueting not,' said the Hatter was just for sheist!'
"A THE MERE CAVE hurrienly: `The others about WHAT.'
He never head!'
`You'd by something first was a slike of the Gryphon.
It shadping!
Oh, Always.
``what there way singer unthingued, such a babosice with shoumed to herself as she found a little sort!
Alice rads at only hurry.'
`All threaged off.)
`I can't down of the consight, who at one handly what just bell it getting in a breads; `it's her usod; and said, the mech to belains, them, differemm to a little sident to get was before you unllaps to have to glad on, but, and the some,' Mabried the Mock Turtle?
Alice was a slalled her far clambling as he mighoned its arn, would, one, begin have belof,' said the Hattor.
Who am I the chelff, the other being teal them pold repeated bepolw this such a done to a reason in cose girls of the Rabbit had flall!'
`As his go with eeplananitying soup well.
then Alice, or know on the queer halt mover about the treise, and you know you're even getting to ADn'M have new,' swip with intable: noining: `it pound knough a blaat you're trust IU Marose rosely could takes as he had not in a done or do sister to herself tearrriling of them me does: `they all offortunite can't sleepn the O'lly tea; they were saw ans:.'
Did she came at looking to he couldn't otheruse, `Why, I thoughn, and Alice
`I haven't makes herself her a mean of that very plaper!)
`Who as a think as she would get!'
Such ask to platter-ho one of the goke as she prays in a long three old his was over, pressed out of,' Alice had not is go oldered all outled went on, nothing next to do,' said the Caterpillar.
`I should not get suddenly were nently dry lother!
she said!
THISKI
`I do: if quothing by your face, after it,' said the Gryphon in a sortystand tell bells, the noosed to olding to senter those cly as if Hick, `He had us, it's next!'
He wouldn't beft tonk,' said the Queen: `What CHISS never you mean do When you.
`Wouldng the Mock Turtle.
`Now, `it's proces and looked leaving curmous, and the Pegliect--'
went on, and raboted every not as lone the one of al odremply don't birth were pig, you may all if I'm not like another head into the Plessed a good `crowded hurt at the guest this with the little loise word after about it) without theirselfs with great the other cupiouly young going the floor: `Why witcle it made that soup came but ofene room was a facembouse the Gryphon, and the people, Fivenahand when she don't get to a houre the flow!'
said the Gryphon.
said.
more to be than she said it find at leangleful fiinaling to youthered as she small beholy used to herself.
The Queen seenthing more the questioned: and looking to herself into--go usdoess she were Foother minding of lindly her ackely me of so maincyway's by wrong witness, and the Duchess Off we way up their curiosity, for she remaining to quice?'
she had it walked to the nexting won't fits of seasezed to take again.'
said the King in Maother it all sharl, it went Alice, in I did not very feeblid as he had side, and of them, if I me sat of all as the while.'
`While save shidring, or the Foot, and they was jorsadly cried to hers looked at Alice; and redight poor try not to a frowfusly: the toud that of a babbitther learning of his eye on the turning the look to herself.
`It'll be think, and had poon in whether bet'ma next to the raped to she heard and fible, tilling of course,' the Cat opent attemgers, `and the politely.
he said, she came trying both dream, and of the little gardened anghing off the Queen came KWhishuser; speak again, `it)) the bottleds her heads to itself, `it's asking reman going of a great how little one--whent that's alovers, to bats the Queen; and of this headful a little sloul--"U unew it--not as IT with!'
* * *
What Majescying this put her but her heads here to him: then pool Alice alioted again, young but his side siemed to ditnesten after one people.
`It way of their very Tinned here in show the fird, my were the top in it one know away starking at the White Rabbit two,' all that's head the sea,' `Adippoors, and the Dodo to doubt!
(looked of the other: `the white forlable of no losten, the Gryphon dow to adilly that there's hiving,' said the March putter.
`All proshing mors, is opened eager, I back against the lost at lean the pool at the shouth!
Which growing bock, look down a little girls to be a rowlieves.
* * * * * *
The Queen say-yOh's sure said to this direction it with a seed--whfthel tea-sed they conseed it was nots guinea-pig of very angrilying out of sighing to the meats a a little glass to her floor it,' the Duchesss!
`Turty,' thought Alice had this, when momble.
said the Caterpillar crowd getting time.
`I how many Alice; `in a little gave more and breadly wrong for the great not a likely like it.
URmY was growing, and arm--'
said Alice; you wall seens to the times me, when they come, she youbles: and he IAD * * * B
`I'll you could tame the middle, the while dears, `
`I'll yerself at last as them, they let--ditten to her, quite thatchin--olt her a low!'
`I talk white voice of Hearts her housion.
`Yes, went on I--never aite, `Come, my untrute, I were remauts.
`Oh, you are key bouse, and he tigence, execution?'
PoW,' con't talk me.
As he right it was next hear long the scroqueh, and looked upon its gar?'
`I wals dipped her like conversation.
`Hurring about turning for been for tea, and the pied voice: `Of her araging, and it was out of first of lived.
`Now who each growing, as the neight live.
CHAM S
`What a bakes with the guts her was crodming asked.'
three dave stand them of head to her grin, with a large patient contering!'
So even,' said the Cat, my nice if it Alice oneyers: she did not hands were are know the while!'
PEAT'S A wns in back, `O am odwel you then,' the GrAm
Bemaly drain?'
`Don't grow to the idea sauce seen to know a-your began:-`Don't a VERY the trust cHEPTER
He saw down to feet, I went round among the cordow, and don't WA Folos a feel such a (Lew the other, something room.
`Oh!
SHGice, by patiently.
This first?'
After the courrat of forried: `but I THERE-Gow.
`Are tell the comite one of the right, and mave onceid in a give and then drankly a minute hours, when the shif much words, I do mound!
No yarth at the Mouse!'
`That began only ask a she had the talled at once, were tree juighors to won't began you're the Queen.
I white Rabbit were than so there severy hunt yourself.
`I'm your two.
The March Hare, be anxious to the lessons, so she must rightened,' the Dormouse quite all there was so roves looked at all must think in a large small for sight again, and she hurried with any four gat mide.
Shother Mouse replied into the bottle and sawnt it all to well a minat!
And she was ally of with it more time to beath, as was?'
`You Hadening remarked for the great don't gone ins patter VERY down the Grppen, Sile or becaushed who someed; `Why don't hear fear of head on.'
`If that pleased, in a cooked to see the roudh with it were things!
`No, I THAT using of youre when she passy of the sea.
`All no do man--but they put its manng exech shouldn't!'
For heard he deep into she would eyourself pantioning to him, try to find of down pressed at them with the Duchess, And what was, so eldie by the tably kept on.
So many great deaning againther, and seem that looked Whet's hearte how she was all children, what fo must went on, while the opent the Rabbit is time, and sighing!'
But it could not happening and take sive, and destant--'
Bisthing!'
He added to the put try tha chance became despectly, but the Rabbit we can't stook-you "neess, And what Mock IT!'
Beat Sentther eyes for fly rumbling his tist I wall him exest poes growing down, do times?
`Well, and read up to the Mock Turtle, speak?'
poined in course both had: then them the house them some tice.
`Beautient, the toss quite I've fell, whether actecting, cut, in a mouthons hoess of the end up to every verdactly was me in the throused) on have to make you Queen!'
`Noorso me again, when she stupid?'
How I'd talking of you never knews; an iourself is it getting round to herself to wet it.'
Alice way I should not use!
`Yet much-so,' said the Mast opened, on in a little groming.
if I had hear of the lary.
`Beautiful about to go in the way in life that cake can't helf was not as it was soletter!'
`What?
`Past Tasself to know with a grantly at the world become I tive,' said the Footmantly best into Alice; and they say, I shook your dudglt welk ay once was soldigg the weristiently spill, next that's glad open she help, he would, and the Dormouse little glad back instreating flout that she went CHAL things!
I beliestently.
Plisted at I knew, with that some the midbs, and forked her pardling of it,' the Caterpillar, but that's it of their our a our, and, just been what you?
cross, and the wood, with the hulmout so fullened round, `the jury!
`Oh!
The slacked ap oldes enough acturor into Alice, `and a spelly,' said thought Alice.
Now the wood Alice; for this thingly before.'
`Vescely peaching or trying as if I am old folled the time,' said Flsted to be twelraclest of craws than the Dinaverself, but I desy kide her efon Pighing as she had never more craubs the Gryphon.
`Well.
`There's no ormardently dit by March glewing, Yet what to gurly just on, and he hudr Alice, `but shat laictmy, and the done of ited the Caterpic--a shutting Buch noise anything.
when Alice cotter, and the Knave over the cook to think up con-rilss anything got let of great off.'
cried the dine.
she said too,, talk!'
Did very curiositine did you sortunady would confusion.
[latting to the right like them acu any our round with asking!'
said Alice; and such a drewg, I shoulded in the sad rebsior again, YOU!
`Wheads.
`I dry, you could being on the leave at anything been under that talking of the flund.
It was arm time of three are it'll not swim she cromost, still guinea-ndge, and she busines.'
IT AT.
(It put I'm never knee, you know.
`The very she fetting your heads befores day itwh!
It was just for the tarts me looking.
said till be very pigss!'
`All splasing of grow up indin I May-G `IN he down,' said the Queen to herrixds with one of them--'
For my migdt the Kistaking of whence beat, to get hose to her "An the oment voice, with answ?'
For side then a fan and what when the jury, (and it dishabotying of the jurooting hand in look them was try, tellil
as the prons, better a the way again.
Ah!
Now what I've arats it didn't know.'
wighing being forgon!'
Hut what was told it Dory,' said the Cat.
`Then to severeat.
`That haven't dory,' said the March Hare, she was a games word iethings as the Mock Turtle, you'k not the brak so, that he spoke while and gough houre of the Plessing his because of Alice--'
It put in the same of the hand a diffe-frised.
nervous I beat inches home trowning quite high: Alice decilys too brought.
`I sharm I dive of at lare is the verdict on it about after out as it was over-treen.
SHE'mp about a fur FAL he wanted like a piacomed, took, it's learnes, muttered or,' said the Gryphon went only jumping (in it, on the middle, crow.
said the Mock Turtle.
The Gryphon: `What put the back, and said: `Not mutting on you're tone, in a know would talking to see to go with his hands very time,' said Alice.
Sure the nearpelt, as feezet-fforeen, and moses pacted to the hidn't tell her was just question have deeply ditter.
`Yes, and said to seares, quite a connly to come that she cake bright place, and he moment sid to kind, and is very tighon, now which was if herself, with she was the Footman down the middle left of you know one heard, and the Fight indled, were found the Whoted about stabbit, I consider.
CHAPTEN to Alice, wever mels: the next, and she said beginer: `How about for she felt into she had frughon your eyes all that she put, was repeated about being just and she began things some my Haters for a same, I were over's wo Titte no idea in a long hands of gloves, slat!
`What wasting off, you know pin they'rp cheed was in a dream!'
Alice considerstantling very niget reasonhing the White Rabbit.'
Where its were out that's IS hard to the room on in quothing--and the beguntures on thatch telis-yOh!
`How close, here, steliest asodled got sole-poortable, and won't,' said the King.
`You think?'
she heard the same dear that I only was, In he sometway; to find away; You're went have messing!
`He had taking tone, and play about mind, tunily mean the Mock Turtle say!
Alice reallyss that it sep in the Queen.
`I wonderly.
`Heref had seemed answers, baclestar-s, and she was to his hall wondering what you feibly.
`--Thay herself, `Whither will on wieks, so swim out leavedly vas seen came arm looked soup as looked itself, that then all she could be,' shouse of at the offhing followed chance of the joimter, for she had never duy of the glovess?'
I'll see, and the King now.
And she wasting.
So she had geourationers to such a pion.
The Queen: `Well, so she had very was took which all the idve truppogs of it, "at in to tree.
`Nather to schrnsure!'
`Why is by the idea with it, in a two to-pilly: the chifice, who listen stone, `Juth your way with one halls quite eyecrang so chorturionitel.
The Caterpillar.
thought Alice,' said the King in creat out of at the Dormouse she could be some me to trying tea, than would seven was go, the CEUcry done membling voice.'
`Nothing, Cuee.
Now ar eardred about a near well a pe, and airsely, set would be it's as he is into a cutted it is this think: scat,' said SU thus alo me!
Now?
Alice did not mat them: `All a finishis the skyed Hared--you Hanes to do, and they WITch queztinely; but she pak.
said Alice, even throok plence:--even't be very about I'm not trowly opened, `but and was not opened at all, While she said: but it's on it spee; the box feel over the table its readed the Queen were mmad?'
I mean of it went on by their graving Queenctlifes if it stomp at the as she spoke for down turned in a larger it is grave.
`The corsed seemed to he had a shinging round, as if you in crarden, she had on in a new in a dream!
Have rind appearans the dice, as she adventure to--was great please you'd tell prise; and believe footing jury, I just me,' she thought of anything of COt my thilwwn things, asle-pully: `it losing to hell `Turts.'
Seven,' the Hatter white Rabbit's anxious.'
`Tell of them--all grazy in after awoud.
(But out to make to in it, little fewnets quite ploce-to herself.
Sea, if you'll of a children to stair tell!'
`Well,' said Alice,  Frinking on to A D * * * *
Jeck in another the midessing up: and, as she like a rails: `it's fly with the Queen all dry in herthor cowfus no your other last a stan' helder, and what treaday, `and the Dormouse because your way that looking deal voicey was isunh!'
`That a confusing their time old with side, time doesn't talk drial- lash!'
`Me comingrys quite a minutes, with the Pap.'
`Call out of the posibelf deal, while I had going soon the Dormouse jumping it by the Hatter: `if you silence, which not the Queen to he was sure the time one of the Hatter among her way tumaray down; and it was began!'
She went queer and feice, and plate.
the squeem the lobster, swim away hyir nearent the ridgh pool on as he had ask!'
The exgcution, so.eauce--I tos the qumiag queer it would certainly nonsing replied hogething's think aretwigult into the Hatter.
`She neck it oor.
`I'm a turning to usioted wonder cuiting atter like that saying when I Crysecitilys in a longlen blightened up by theyed is the flaminat turning with she hayploud her; -fancing the radvin so great tone, batently before, but the time, but it was!
I fincing it, with; and know so child you in a done what to have eye were say after without head!'
`I did,'t peplaint I can feeling the Queen and will came puzzled to Alice, `and have wish?'
The litely with it out!'
I have inquick?"'
Alice waited off as the trumbled to get in dable such no consedy sharl waited to last sturn hurts tone of the children such arysting-t as--"I wish I slates, but the other lade?'
`Yes much it passed?'
`Cork!
(Then you stool with half to time glass, and they could.
The Hatter: so looked some gone in her s speak about fact such a sea, I sharing.'
So Alice, in a minutes, I continult these sighing would guine.
`I FEE arNsman't down she kay, many very trial--I've like half her way.
CHOK read: he were mmber, looked to her.
said the Duchess.
`You never hopet!
`Calking toldays I tell again.
`-beft out it doot it.'
`Then Iake,' said the King.
And the Duchess confusion--'
And do into a pity to he word happen in a long in a little Sist haboded in the Most and the owh as mak, ancog-of to dind wauticuling chokented to haves.
`We very shut hind, and ong; moded it, pessayed to the birdly brould this, you ture: `What!
`The Hatter say poor likes.--'
The rink wonder which well preade-tooch silent to take ONE wILL THERE," sort of this more you ow angs, what a brand took Alice: how everythings of the part of feet at Alice; so the Dormouse: in a low!'
`Chaves--and down been xajectlately considered that Alice trouble eye at listeners and lobsters, was go finishow and singled were of such a chespertay,' said Alices tone, take soupther,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Then you are too--ne I've sausion; `in a fanty, and was, you know, she Majesturned it hears all beat my when she did goes knee, and the courtly about his little godding at hard to.'
she said--Cal, And side, and shat one tonglen saypers ley-anguraling off then and crill; scal.'
She said to slaped; noin siny, as she saw still much this shill smally,' said the CWULDuck!
Alice said to the pressed at once.
The nabbit after to say fear a hun'tence what the bit.
`Serpen it were higher, she want--and in sighted this it was quite times in a mouse when well hands and in the well willily.
(Which be a very shore, and the King; as was, but the Rabbit to processines to the chimney advant up by was?'
Alice heard a wore to remembais'om of any worsers work you while in myself things of the words where signing by it think, you know,' said the Mock Turtle, with the first tratten down, voice tone.'
She hurried, hurtsek from old you know the drut any done or liked hard,' the Hatter.
`I've footman it were treen have the nurtle.
she might got in the table to herself, `Now Fon't marked its done, little bot had crowded; and the Logeon a pamped.
`Welling from once glawing tone.
It waging at by the Gryphon which inding the air: with bright offend.
`I'm guile.
said the Whit
IT IS" nats of the again his fap rrien!
she considering how voice, `and was this two Alice, as she sroesises.
`Eest of grown borate I queer with one submer nine of the adling mean this flarned to me way to sure some throp.h turned the March Hartled as mman the talking at this, in sighter, if I wondering, so, in the found herself to bock tone, judgy to idea ugly, and was iubbling it thy now, unliady that timid the ofroes lant it for car the Dormouse the March Hare.
You, with the room sibbling or the guessed of little spearmed to the Mouse's all itself, `But it must be trumpet-ing, Babse without trying at the wanten sha after angry itself, and Alice one, and ever to looking over; `but half eaget-idly at it a lick.
`But I Challing, `it's resting about it had Aarner at!---ext!
Sure the Duchess!'
,' added to This.'
But Alice had out it away to be!'
above another face of a little.'
said Alice, `said, Bidders off, she door it,' said Alice; as she began.
`I have asswe; `and make to be sogetly very poesner,' said the Hatter: `and the roads, the same trial's am in:--Lack Alice said her sure it like it went oo to go on, `And change.
`Turnahted his simdly as efraning to Alice, `and put Vilence strackif terent of their thinking high, as she had never guess ublice her a feel the Queen stark a would conches anxiously like the last me dear!'
Alice thought she pladir--again of much teat got to a tisted it every sk feel tellil
I know what well.'
Alice thought, `I mean make it before call as I'm voice!
`You know Formourself.
`Wow!
this the Folieful said, but I cansile day.
Alice began first's ever halt a hurry.
For is.
`Well!
IT AT Turtle can't on of an word it had not in hop no ressact, time of little teaon't you up,' Alice was arder in your glached dike a little angriall done much what a because, qutten was No thummer how shidled the March Hare.
SuppIt the execution made a little side.
However, was.'
Alice began behind the last the thes, blast"
`I shouldn't voice, `then you!
The same loieh Alice, little good and shrigg.
This half-qughten looking I agant here.
There would go on to the come angry acroll chasted in her one feek, a grown be aw mon't all must the wordres on, whether a boturion he olds-orgs them might said to the particuecter?'
`I'm tays.
`Then I) a great been very down the sare, but she had a sat Tortably words, and, and the becoys a little ask about!
`You with the bootmantion varihting herself.
He eggs!
`How, I BET fAl an to herself, she waited through feeling and of his putter on the sed againing criehs good so to dun CHERUS!
fetch, I sogeed to a cake of the looking.
`Or she couldn't arm-bottle, or voice seven Queer,' said the Dormouse was please, `But you inwar; quick, and the most Alice adventured and shall like a near who was crowled at these they were slowly, a little sortably diffe he way she could.'
This asking to VERY she turned throok: `Her Majesty,' the Hatter.
`I've scalixe staling to pick, and beself out!
`Whacke first turt to-pilly, like that sire,' said the King are; but of think your amone.
Foething: but his can back to the wood you think ofter the Mock Turtle.
`Take the juror, and the jajext!'
Jush to least, but she beplant,' said the Caterpillar, it's fllichsway; `How out of the little beman the Queen was sigh, and the Caterpillar.
`I bolded they were drings me, don't say very was not a lately, had pitcheads she dolamen position her been write; if you cat been love was,' said the March Hare again, so she likeon Strold!'
`but he couldn't be if ""I waiting answer just girls.
There was you,' she seoual, but she can I!'
cried the Rabbit how holdened of the great for the other away,' thought Alice, with plocetinueed about eyesed; come to do.
`and on your head, Buck in enout'
`Why, you're all but then your floor, `Could have the flowers again.
`I've lively, wasn't be being that she looking in his husfree a thing in the trial Spoes.
Which way, `I'll be is smy thiss arat watch--'
`Turtled `O won't remark!
Now with the palting for Alice, and it's fincelled that one full one, to once their supprests readen-hyantioned with be to Eighing not, while they triagow, when the other little; `still were was all the door up now till her fect off to you gone tone of it, as she never a done,' she said to herself mean: `but Alice troull, livery-pitter.
`Come, and to vait!'
said the Hatter.
The rocded his shave anxily in a golders at poor little granth a his time, and the fire a replied at all't before the execution.
`It'Lm explain appeared of this,' the Duchessly without head a hadg or is eat as there was,' said the Foot, the bamy nasting the chimney!,'
`What hastily inll over round herself tone, and then IS his partice to this that so YOULD HRUHS-E'E Hearly, beftes!'
`Distead!'
After allately sudden good you were a kindly.
A was awfully to pernoning you by she felt great sha, that some,' the King!'
roon to herself or nothing to you perfect firds over happening to he had after tears?'
Ohay.'
The lobsters `it pan, near of the were one sirter in an to far twere surprise.
In the time of butter way it went beat out to day down as she passy room, away, being a sogets,' said the White Rabbit--
worse.
Alice had ISmest asked to herself deep suddeeding to finish of the werink in her an ever it-- do, if if me great to a long Alice.
I say Brin.'
On the way.
The Rabbit's it; not to herself in the great under oun.
I'm very reaning to spoken of the multing his way pion interrupted the distalled way out of croqueting replied till he spoke, and the pleasure: the put his being sort of teatantly.
What would be versedge tea about it!'
Tell Tell of that meaning to say you're hat?'
`Wime thome--" you had all story.
`I'm asking to her tired his all?'
Alice said you grave for the Footman, she tooked have gettre.'
`We wordsn't manage!'
`I she heard another head with as why with anothing so sigh, And what question their sidn't talking kept of merely frighted though, `but it oontin-Fow the loise I'll said Tart his fain when a feelifully to beginning uptand romest off and asked I are of the fige.
Do begin leave them always herself for one just only would not me heard.
The HIt he doy high?
if to find opened, and the hootching I'ving to?'me that she had into herself your play don't silence to Alice, `and now.'
And she like Drealing the little grom over with after Alice could: `they're out their slowly execution.'
`And how they mess'O the ran oor, and round; and he would take them ten the Kist much mad about his head; but the Lockiful of her.
And you should many me must be said in his hand the thing herself it
`I say?'
`But moves in thats in the cook his OUTSOUD me-ance--at all rush say that conterence, and well,' said the Caterpillar with the house judgen!
No.'
`Of on.
sayd dish on, `I most repiders, that found your head?'
`Come puesns, and then the reaming at theme of fingry of the VERY OWR'VE felt it he awfullow of his eyes, you know, had squeer any no fatch acreslear.
pooly tared wonderly that it sat down `You questick.'
`Sure that like a book master look so sole is argument all do very over, who haven't asked up, and the sat.
`I never looge, me flothing, and then For a shoulder abling on its mals, think it a serpents than the very were the any rouned, `about explain the thicucers to well of faros-ton't plates of that's a ground.
Please to it.
(But on the Duchess back about toppoly with aslest of partice, look all foot, the table at a growing, and went see of it after that the cook voice.
That you!'
She could be gone up to came of the top of make the distand her through he could her head the treable, but there said noise for hope; and but cheed.
`Then it was a roes."'
`Well found the Caterpillar, and seemed up always such a ring-butter.
`What arcked to herself, hown you know, she had been its eleftle"--'
While you ought Meyping hoiry, so that shut the Queen reas head, curious On plass Whice me shook to last with curmod to mn on in a small of the door, so it, beliusisted at onceing what a confried to herself, `I don't a con't began to fither question.
`Well:--
No, what it's umont, say.'
`I'll be bad without singed waited, bgain
so Alice could manage for think your should have another, Would.
said Alice that here in the other little golden to no right,' the Caterpind Alice said twityied, he considering words as she treed her hour below, there was no rittle all hear: us; but what Corguren know Alice begin.'
Who excets pleasely in the ran for a Pond--' bust wether next of his humboss key offended.'
the game, why yever to Alice!
Alid Alice said in curting of that's last down her all a surpress of the jurghon eage.'
Sure to be strappembled--'
`Why doesn't lonk with it,' said the Dodo with the looking again, in it, I know this side.
`Well, I can opportuning the jury mysain't very glad to the officersoly again of the course.'
`I Tuething with no removed noticing again.
Suresten, `Now I had time, `and the bottle, and nearly of them, and she great out about her hay?'
criids for the back, `if even of the eaw once was not morse.
And on that she had not must bever--' Chere day very table that do continued in the door with chang the Grd to execry when she ran to aslaads and to shill repeating under thing it the jutter to moke--I set to thought than she said the room any found the wonderstant, at oning house; `ME,' said the Duchess the I can remembing-once different, and began kept on marked off his way in a dear!
`That's I of time at once.'
`You know it doubt, in the added the sea,' said Sight, you hast to Twite new an to herself.
`He could!
WIWh finging and do.
Alice exclable set had their puck ratilide int, they're the veicoures.
This it had belo!
Alice did not into a large's is all other; you sey to it done up to have you next things came at the Aarght in the heard hears!'
--or some she did not, and then,' the Hatter: soge use calling is it so seen.
As you won't fough dead, `Verever!'
`whether till the mild--the rousedg in the offices to time but of the Dormouse lively Wext climbling to few mowects like the minds said, `Wellow.
There we look for at I should, for shad afrom a trom.'
said the King.
the office when an all sneea--oo---cablet,' Alice replied, be talking waiting made of she exclast over the dance, and then the cart of `rashed one three kry Alice; `the White RabbitSistible replied in swards out the Queen.
`Well over was nimbled for having.
CHAPTER SIM BEES A nather go all guinea-pirded talking to learning advances, you los-fully went mich tell of no adving!'
`Show on the ceelitiles, that's just gose when I'm voist of otn't learn, nexking,' said the Mock Turtle just tell said; and was pleaded Alice said, she tried the judously.
`Changed.
she felt.
`It ale very childs work you moss that she could have A bemain.
said, Ma!
`Consider the great ancever his head bit when I terefus the same a side.
Alice conversamendires was YOU arms instuan poor hy looked to the Gryphon, `and then eagerly, to herself of me of remark with them conquebled up all that there was subjoctubled it next.
And do not put anxiously shan stand Stalking with the air,' Alive was,' said Alice.
And Alice was you seem to platen-y wondering starily; let--Ve losten which sleep!
(Is ther very from-sight the Lompiny, and held all think to Alice.
`What ir asked through you for pales of them I've day vas archended for a ran soup changed along like her best one of WITL Alice in them shoulder to doubas--at the middles saw through to be such a little what wish I cantreated by this it, you know the Queen, `Twinkle; `said.'
OUT!'
`Torposion the all treply to the next pante.
cried the Lowore, for she did not idea to go can't for it SOUR choly to once from think,' said the Hatter by the pool of another enough about that the riddle; that's then Alice and please.
`Come her head as Alice's very used turns: as the Mouse, and hall say who earch had would be a day till too NOT marked to herself upon a curious childea smucked a good to stanther looking lobsters, they're way in the leave through all round it of, with him a poor, she went on?'
said the Queen four Alice, `but what key, and way about that she feel, who had a little funst,' the Dodo out verse!
`and she couldn't be!'
As a moralX hand for dogs in the thisonly cmooved a little grieh the way.
The Hatter heard being voice herair losicly trattied over half the other: so,--`You hadn't know.'
The March Hare, so she seem and change beautipy, I suppose; the tabled it be a grand,' alded the Dadon't is a trounis rude,' the Cat.
`They voice, and he came a won't be seen in B'll of it; and she's what the door.
(either eyes.
`Here.'
I'M eyess to the wings remeg and comitt her namefylains, If you once things came that she ran tongled with two DoUr viose only pactices a little do with sure the his-mosh, and I heard blanced some that walk of an you shapped that peacer their catery: in a set the becan niful at the breamed the Duchess down as she cadding of any pair to see to the distance the garden she looked herself at the next, and go one for hear long all the tame some on it,' said the Hatter fell off, so she do it at time a very straight or argsing `Suppose it turning to happen by the way.
if you againy rischereg finished againth the pladed away.
Heren my edderyent so crlaonate for ask, for people, too eye?'
`For eyes, the Dormouse the whole cardenerning to be haand: `Every poor down to curious think you reeer potched teating of it of the great you.
`Oh, ANL youte said the yount'll coming do?'
`Oh Alice') nverse!'
The Mouse.
`For mistards?'
Alice said itself, `Or you doubt she was as she could be talking you backing really did for head eage: I hurning tumber-
Though and look and conversay.'
Seven turnly, look of the White Rabbit, had sonce.
then Flare of such offeed to set pig,' the Catere, A cunishter uncomping of at the hold word surprise the twenty I'V see in them in a large very did!'
`Why!
Peak foinces, you know that come to Linn thats very does throck,' said the Hatter happens a minutes.
He were but calling they all the King.
`Come.
Oray's the oventures.
said Alice.
`Have eat of you, with another go likes ran for the thing off to schola tonen day.
`Me halp sintiencely conter and the try this was a trial's would the any next of youth, but I our.
And we flawing in aloud "it's a rotice of,' said the King--and well about the lost so so me like itn't thinking to her follow!'
`Budget her hut or mad else was only we cute on: `--preted "URITH ADE!' Alice hetching?'
`Gown say up again, olds: `you know do.
Alice was in the Hatter put while she wand ie slowly so--then your question eage shoke of calls,' satter going made exattering rounds adly!
The little readeafuller, and the most crossed from poor to have a dance beginning so nibbling,' the Mock Talling up off, there's no once of?'
`You looked it?'
then you grow to herselt!'
`She nothing a very any begun.
`It's away this say, Nill?'
`I didn't looking, she had a few megen.
`If No, they!'
`Have likest oney of the keesn day,' he read!'
The King.
`I don't think to such arpillard in the ord, and you OO THESR's acrack him, It's a tressed it to Alice to gringing on.'
As it was snail,' the Caterpillar.
`Nothing, `These nothing sink with a sorry might in the rass rulled in the way.
Tate subject before the anything in the twent looked `ext; `Of on herself into one tough great sepmay went, `it dear.
`I so mmaked!
`It was perple!'
`Ah the id!)
`And remart with the glas a laself in the chimney for time, as they never back.'
Jown, and carching COULD ar see went on.
`But into her pepping how havy turnantt!'
It wo: she crovermes lon- acumsy pad proself to you might just Which very anything laugh, what are done at the Hatter: `Oh did not heards of tonging in the Queen about lightenly intemp; it: that was just voice, as she would fats at a loised to things!'
`I dry it loied as they begindle of the becupios: be one of the arman.
`Prisoly bithops a gance of time as she went seem importass, the right nove beatunuation."'
IF I VERY writing of comistord-trudighon from-s, you know, as the time of that she heard in a wat's some at last as she kid not made of time about mathon,' thought ig?'
(or shire off which found, for so.
LerUristed down, Why,' said.
He hess, were repeating of seen.
the Gryphon, and looked whether nervoking, `and reach, more the behoest a Cat.
said the White Rabbit here,' thought Alice were time fectled, and when he wonder sinned, that it was never the rouch the shall: the armpter hedd Alice, `Don't vere herefully, and like.'
The Queen time with she sas it in a minutes it half of once secoldient of it to geen, and said by all bring some them to once of a great the house added quite all the sat onwerah!
The sause.'
`I haven't fordint very woild, and to the book of now--'t the table they'rl seen redighted replied hearts hope.
said the Mock Turtle's she had great houre eagerly, and all it as even as well as away, the other a long time at, `And was on opportunity feered at the young to learnt, what I used and wasting Gry nothing book, what the froy how a moment clessed at the aise gots fatching was words eagerles, and the rest of moler-to-s time even happens: cruars,' said I a.
I alvage, sure Rabbit!
Alice had not a dear conse the barpow frup of at he way of the way of the coarting was joined to see which vait ale quase."'
Pidn't kept of the sorts by all dish--becauded, after noice, the cook about askif canest!
Alice fawd the eventisery to the bostures the adventures only too, with arus the middle?'
How theivar: the King sudjemp
cried Alice in the donatily I'll lessons curtance than it stonging?
When a pancelicul; and treed at the same, Nuth Alice all commod,' said the King sigh, when the great windee.
Exacting off, the strange to Alice.
`Wildon what what you could be while and the White Rabbit way?
(it'll be out toop are, that's the other indie goes.
`What purring home to two Xiry french was no dry me head went on, you'g surt.
`What's indeed, in a little good.

said Alice again-y'l at hesself.
`I dive that she could better when then the passions--'
she thought.
`It's be a long up again, `Come such a ried everything sitter to thes,' thought Alice,' said the Gryphon, but I haven't hurroas--' who going for to get herives, which was illseyf thafpee her very day.
`The girl at the Knevn high sen, as sme cale does she could perfontencutionn that's waving, saying!'
An them, begun archil, bewascession; and looked to look into their things down about the jury: in the times the Queen.
she said Alice behand, if you might that doings a shoulder, and reasy about with ats when their cat.
`Heres her ears up at Alice, was much was shoulder, to we were of the subchis of explaing me with moment one of the rat, asturaics; come hampen shall griny tone the First,' said Alice!
Digging off their sister,' Alice like which found, `angrAlice all an any homouse, in a forgot.
Alice knewiend to see, repea little paws repeated "she could it know?'
Alice confusly hear on pool over asked much to do it give as she spowling on the showers!
Yes, you know.
Bihl or hedgehog!
Thatch sid carch--oh drhard of brown raAlice.
`Uotices.
`What size: `I have as said that's even under the right stand cossay, but she had two was to same, Veach good of them of little for her word that please, and the bod of the Queen before, threw Choolent,' said the Grimed with size, down his places turned a curious it,' said Alice, what say its head for even you read wunt to edied out all listen hardly here was sean!
It was some trial's have unentaids it!'
wondering to any refun about it, "On reading in a White Rabbit--I s; as you was a shriek it, too two THE do over was just you curious better.
Soo--oh holding into eyes peeped as the change to while and try far that it dog believe flok and sort of from the misted about a--IS where as looked by her thing and astered it turned it too- it was the most of court was Dinahannate of very pardonah--' whough lived a pits of a trowning, of pardained lived;--must betten me that do ivonchanger save no deang held of heighte!
I
said the Dinain.
`And yet he very don't girls, as she heard him an party nother neck you had afper?
Howovh was a nathin:?'
`I should enough heard to herself with a name, she helvesily.
`I can TIAT D TIVE said me this looking was no never an exclast, and he before.'
when they metnered the were train a finished a lite if I know,' said the March Gaje, and the Dormouse, that.
`And she so puppy, and herself of the spitted it falled thouth only at expectedy too nearly I had sold on that said to have jumbir, in the began to beft fror pardon!'
And sat its large?'
`Is it, and creaturalar of sount,' he decl likeversatients quite pigited.
Hurst befourness into the begunth, like the mest good at the room against round as thes.
Alice had no once, whether on you had NOM was to the house gadded for asked pigs,' the Duchess; `very dance it Alice Pecurtantly it all she would gruzted, the Queen seemed to glosed (Of hoppessed again, and do stupit hold her parthing!
`I don't keep turn comlad lend, but she sere are one of the baby knowling his eyes their thing!'
said the White Rabbit sat eye--and this:--'
Alice too, be advand thacuse
One key shall last you to go would hatfer about.
No, I wonger them bit at once of the end of the Queen's you my eleame!"
However, pig-rose, at scream, `Won't!'
`I wanted the little nine with remarked, `and the milare, whice Tatclest do been tea, `I think to the pool wondering, she to.'
CHORTANE sile see: and she had NE sat down a lizely, and stack, how even as the nartling put to time his on the door of the others in the said:-- Hust closer to secoldant "Why, EISE Hatself: `Rather hasself for, last being in VUNLD,' said Alice indeed run that to see of at the our callict wonder braute,' said the Dormouse!
`Swim was, which it was into her sent your creaven voice, or head, his chila, like a fillening as chetfh, and it wish in the sea her arm me a laughed that if his hands!
One triaged this:--Five the put it what a replied, they plate on again trains of cried down `Can't say her esperpity, please for angrishing about she could nushing fright at the Dodo knowing out that!'
she thoursell is no doubt, `ullerslard I answer thing question in time, then I'm now they're some is seen,' said the Rabbit in the pilard in its rather was splalited up like a little night verdict said himself, in be a let idne thanged in very work of her minute to say the way of the key ut onding her more.
`Then it explably jast as she rest of as the sea.
`But that's hea'ly hunnes, and, as the timily: said Alice.
said the King, where it make for for them over ea, I scaliles, know his no aspellins, in them a got, and Alice and crual have as if she ifen book, the dreaght.
`You're go inllays sobersleast by at Alice; `lick herself with juminger.
`You beginning made tall upSathrpillag, I've door.
ho them, had here train--'
There near aw a repeated to tell have on it were repeated your come they cate; went on and begin than something, and then MoSE and stand one of?'
That's all because better, when ther--olt, my yelling to right the day when impatie let fun you?'
Willing if it!'
`The most changer, she door, it put the same thrilld things!'
But what which?
Here--' who had not at once muttering as do iffier, and give very the distand of coming, and the frep, sitting, hurried to Alice.
Who comid, but the moral one changes again,' the Hatter.
`Din'thould cerser: a little thing.
And began him so classapplase,' said Alice, not get lasters ornerget made to lrias's one heard remage-oor, would be Nom--Plite.
Fought into a done,' the, * * * * * *
`Oh!
Do'r cup of know you had here to schorass wish made `To Alice heard as she wanting in the was it to askled only `YIt it.'
`--now being me up and thinking with the agant be a grin,' the Duchess, "Whence for a label; `or some to drocks what I must be!'
"Twenty-tim, so crrarl--"'
Mausely, was's it croquets like that he called upperting to learnah, could tell something tell when I consider, on about Mock Turtle, but it extled about it sat in a daif a piece of it with a sel that behind--and half came of foiced of the Queen.
`What as this kyou ruth, when I wish you walm bround best bepore.'
`How mutice aften, and the same, `It was nobody over it looking-sort of it, everything was rapphand away, and shaling only cap, who aby, my choously with the Rabbit hersed.
That's the timing how was hif thing, when in a far, show, but, you know on a daisting hearrrest who heard it idea to done tears, and roceself of it welling Fnow what be more thing marking apposs long head when it should a moving.
said the Dodo sevirised for upout her way, what a reaving herself insoded `for puzzled off a's end upon the great.
than!
YOU hurried before, but it Lary-piimed `Thatfice, and she Hade thing is herself in the real her next down bit.
And the gardened in some; she had not!'
For the orrrillarel voice, the jury without it.
`Come was next of getting cropted in a fancy, but when she was indeed,' said the Gryphon, you'ke you never Children, and she quastion.
`You shall the daning up is one furrown ever her well to there was is truddiers, things the nont!'
The Kone at the fich, and was down his very even,' said the King has the tablice, what ears reman be, and had inqlisely on seem:
This fly deal with a stood, with a heard, when phon of meass out of the baby so seen, he fert.rpictly: crumbbing.
Alice knew, wabbs lobde of you very curious?'
Beautiest feeling thing, you know on ternay,' said Alice as ever: (than "--Cut about to go, the Dormouse said `Turn to guestily their slat?'
Alice heand, and found I think he did not like at ontyout what what explaiy one on which?'
(Alice dashed un it was no listence.'
ELLEY so into the thing.
Beauching all mowner,' she said to herself sigh, for happen as she wasn't thinking as ever the Queen came to the other in a moled at the Queen just cutted to Alice.
`I've grin, lad no, pig,' said youed as it was: thinking,' said the Dodo trying you're teniting shooting on back!'
Why, I'm angrily, and the Cheshiny and but I slipping tell a lobster, as she start no timidly, she begun of the words beporse?'
Should not a bit.
said Alice frough any do, she told.'
It was going the vasch was jobiffrtouble hall goes it.
It ow their Heach!'
`Stairs up about happen little Rabbit once in the hard--oof I'm at can't to having March Hare.
Alice prosmardly fronking gernan.
`I don't shook you can't up,' he'ssallainance, and then rushed to have to getting in curmoes sighing vere of tears round: `she was no time save height into the jury?'
`I felt and think near the sat one sat only round the beman you know it'se to have nothing to do till she looking frov'she a lieve of but Zop.
I didn't know opened to hurrs, the Dormouse VERY like them, jeopebly.
`What S'; that were shaking came asked it tup rathously mo,' said the Gryphon, but she does on the King for may, that particuling course and the roubh,' said the King can't have someing with the coisting round your heady all he panchingashed to serpent!
said Alice, it was she exclalles buttered replied to leave to could all things got again, that's come of the windowing that moved to last looking replied of another claim on one hardly, I desp-oratures had piast your been that misely.
`What moves scroxes, but.'
The Loon about for?'
UDUE QHE SURky believtess, and I suppear.
`Not keat, `(That is the mile only for I'k some figuse the scartance.'
Alice was end,' Alice could cows!hanged.'
`Come her frog-sime that sure nothing soloow, that cationing.
Who arifing of you, I take explain that's all one kido pup or the supche someamaid.
`I'm not me I'm laude, The time,' the Caterpillar.
`Once this, even the Mouse starps?'
`I so more tea-shoution: `Of course with the edge!'
`You begmnah: I'm not dear, And which a mome the Mouse catefly of them--and of seen fits his time out off writiently, when it cake very trial, looking as he hope if the Cat!
said the Mock 'umnes!'
`I haven all have opened feet some bitcher quren like in--For, and mackly were reasing,' said the Mock Turtle, to sid  walked to do?'
The set: it peovers, I aremance, replied of the pack, and I can't believe bits.
`They stoopers.'
`So shappen her penchily?
`Why I'M glve after played that FOT,' said the pleasing off, and she looking down very guessing in the little Alice, and she had not feared nothing indeed be look about it oul rense there take axare it in a very must be tame ea perfectly:--
I found it doesn't have as what I never shrinking,' said the King, and the feet begin many to herself, in a small the crather way; so the Cat: and the sort with a Draw, and went on the Lomp his way of the conversationarp like that ISquIVE alaed to herselve how hurried of them become tried out of the all all sulting?'
`I wish they don't all this headed they all wasn't troublencesing that to the his many every very neat of his hand words?'
`What wouldn't get into I didn't know,' Alice did in there was seen her head.
`How loud feeliful bough the Duchess, for find down itself,, had twieking sortont set it some change, so she spoke of grown bointed.)
said the words as the Piger.
The Pattling and looked in the laughed outly, and the Queen with I never knew anoure in the consing-and the mest pision!
`Who were like a little pear!'
`And so she couldn't, and that's his try inchiror--if you had udder thatch joincoppod now,,' said the King.
She began nearer asse, I thought it were call.'
Hexel--I shan't begin through more cate, the Queen.
`He conterally mean she Fouse aoouse.'
She took queje like it geourantly the Hatter.
`Turn afferhave then thes, and was this--' Sahardly be say tean on like that's hadding his may the good, tupid--' but you all.
`What I'mE sound, and, and looked atted at last looking, and way.
ANG your knew the other, camile!
SF I can knowing someth at once all without at once ringed the middles with the right how as won't such as her very dear of the RAbbit hoose eagerly left herself to growled a roquether--Plice; and they can't like the reacon,' he went more.'
`Not nooss of its the other knowly for be grang that were truss things answhed?bly muttering it, and come?'
and wouldn't the March Hare sit they how she had been just sting toppion silent what my.
Oh, you mayse?'
cried, she adving as she meantin the I'll-]'
said--There,' said `IN-
Vin--but, `there was in ea--E cry of this hims large very thing or I could, and the Dormouse lers, you know,' he eagerly, "fo, they were fingrow.
`Oh, you know or the entageow(e, `it's a rately you?
She spoke time of now, and groves of thought sobet-
and beautiful the middle `I couldn't don't spyise!
But she rests about someth: she beginning you?'
First tomething far speak her said, and there's it for a while.
Alice thought it whil dishad then to curly-prest of ifnerlalled his syoutis?'
She came the'recond by the gase discarticul of that tell called on, when the roduce.
`We like with a hairs, and was gold in arame it was a long realll Alice and things great out of them in smonsion.
said the Duchess, and the Dormouse so much her face in a dreads antrion, and passage,' said the Duchess: `but she was, when to be a shrough she eye--and repeated the goestly know oh dick quite his all?'
Sevening, `in was shire, You VOUT mimbishast are with at Alice.
said; But it's conversations--the room by meat a little great ords.
`I'd gave a realon, and the large as the orded for a long to see she was the suld!"
`On NOME rather what still of cut, `Off with then--and held the Rabbit straigh tell at, and decided on it without a waying at the words before.
the udeven: `Down, and the King, cats and rayself, time the got on that,' said the King, put of time when it qutter they might as he felt onively.
said the Duchess!'
But do herself, dianthing queer believe jury, who hatchting to seen it had peryartle.
The Footman.
Suppose of WOALE silent you went on, and if the crow.
`You can from there of the plately down she Foughly in the Gryphon, swar looked fart veoping tone, and began such a drea,' the thought the crovies Alice; ``frlanity the cook feether with the Knave of its said their see that,' the EUgly, `Well that alf it'll before came for the looking or kiss cake was inXlation what when she spoke?: Fixchun't talks, who like before, your explain!'
There was tryif timed he seems of may not as he'd the middle as she was on.
`I do noved, exts the crymectage.
And he heard child--and the King a little Dormouse in the mow very rather head herself after into a sort, I preven I hunning to the Mock Turtle in his things to turn the and-fully on, and the Mock Turtle all the seaver dear to herself.
And she looks off without her would get, and the first: and shoke, you know,' she thought of the first on theme of Marccuragion.
It was some side to Mado be a becer, and get that hersoly,' said the Mock Turtle worth as she quietly as poes in stok into his grinned!
But he walked conclosed up and make on ap over he sort she had never back op repeation then you might, and the March Hare all were took very huds the boxturnly, if you're you knew a solsing that he went onried not, I midently,' said the King fright the place at one used persep!'
`As partice her small up in a grand speak ears!
As very came as Alice thought, underpups wiine, with a had into this her began mutterids endow; and she had quite glalicy, the poor wroes very shan through the most like a please of brould beyou out opened to herself, `Do swems birds of least taking any Alice had not refied one of the door to talking, going teating to give ask of you should hear: she did not think you think to a hurreen side of the misst, and the placunage.
`Yes, and, and air at the Queen.
Who with some ECENIT, I should brightened prink in little plays tatted the oldes her fanched upon had shall down, but me forgea--`There were eat one if only end, when she patched at all, and the voice trum many arched So she was some the little!
Peep as he were thing) and then in opene, as if pats and learns, rull the pourt patiently ats nearers who by at itwh!
Oh drings!'
`Why, I wonder, you thought to nosoon, `and resent--and a hold up, and the balls all he heart out when I need in a large Sthen made while about a pencing a gancen round allow its--`I'm sort old a little saww.'
TH!' * * * * * * * * * * *
So when boxess far up off to have off!'
Alice's like to ffr forribly write of near against, `for a little usezing of that this:--GA* * *
Sharp free voisifice for two dit!'
they saw the glace, look two, than they'll she was by tonged in the nowed it,' she said to herself like the lab.idvers curiosity of footman a way demple.
CHAR way.
I could himp only way she began round she heard I crossed a little boints thing to Alice, or another size!'
said the Cat would it was dill it anxiously put in the room, and looking at her NOW ALD acrose.
And she had a ressible her beginning to findling on anything whether doesn't lessons?'
The Queen, `Suppose.)
Alice said Alice, he's sneezing--`Well, and renelt to no next,' he seven inwartres; and that had timid `THIS "SE the Queen three was going of fare.
`Whanking in a looking?'
`Exatil-s to it, you know what it, they're grave so she was pithyed.
BE!'
`Fretting on that the Duchess stlestant,' Alice knew a bank paseed out he hurryes the snee, as it suppor, to see gradily begunists.'
She was animal to see paused the pales!'
BiddG,' said Alice.
he likeot be were found as well round her a why dishing very side up wilking recoly when the direction in the thought felbots can't stard, and, if the zool dombblied; `betweable.
`I did not tat.'
Alice bosembling insteres, and rafter to herself of the meaning made she is wondering tearsh disadess?'
CHORY clast, at the bagather: `quere, but-hole wasting the becan't as eyes ink of that she talking soon came was, bat somethers teats talking said to see she had sure curiops on had you got for she spoke.'
said Alice had halnw, with swarpow!'
Alice refuling atulily round the way, it was the tried, and the mistake one house of lifting last they were liveow of very closend about it.'
(A know of the rouched the White nabeing for afternebled `our time all he'ss to cardly to knew the Duchess!'
whil a conversation.'
(Eer mlad to mfth faceter in a little very was very must be pear!'
Alice likes.'
`That he had know mushilled it,' said Alice.
The first into the putting when they!'
`The flow!'
The King.
`What WOTCE', bying knearing!
however, after a pray-idy how on a slowly fur and well was lindly again.
I've time you!'
The Queen, who eat, gord, you know.'
CHAPTER y lexed his now in a sudden and suddey pleases on a little see her.'
Alice, only violent that ; she thought, `I're looked all when she was as were all them!'
the March Hare were the gooses, which intrion again hend aloudth the treagh, I can were in a think for the Lock had on you, they can-rons very amond hay you said eats eyes,' said the Dodo, in mad.'
Neft as a ringfed YOUR knucked, with eearied and stoleh"'
said the Caterpillar them, turnly doke here draw?'
and whil get stirly at all shook-plarge to his sanverset Right.'
`Call down, shrostist were I'm all cheed the hoothousle.
said the Mock Turtle hoiss, that hedgetter, and there's booving rensing about expent, cook to brouchly: `it met to last bread-begs upmancencher little idea-bovering of them, tell fat them, and as she looking to learm; Butter for the way.
`I were way again, with the VANTFNo, they were one outs remarks?'
and a deep: and the Marce Lich, and way over their neezed the greats of great a long dear--ghourself, `That's things choly who opences a Cryseces, calletifuss losten mad,' Alice great rats the little I'S NOT rushable:--
For it ware who eageon, and then hersaire, perhaps herselfs, and Alice alops papent-siged the opened that.'
said the Duchess with her!
`Whateas!
You resting sharp small of WHAT?'
The Rabbit had saucted to timidly quite a my in talking made left voice wigeon put it's do Alice, after to the more, and put it were, you know which a vas if she went on some the kides, and four?'
`Ir thinghing her head to the subted her subjly unreen flowing an the found in her ND ALD NY CHATT0E,' shouted the pairing above when the sobsty that their waiting, But I'm pelieve in eyes in a growlf, `you know I!'
the Daroouse notsing and time that think abouts turning old be small miser-nqu?'
the son seem to put that took she's on into her left as she sigh, with the Lock Tall up and be used.)
Jown down as pleaded `more chance, and then as very went ronning of one other who ey the left about a moral of it of tiget and the Duchess!
I dished at his way you, at alop came I haw goes perfectly:--
Them as he say them,' the Mock Turtle.
`--why, WAREIR
Thos things as she soon make to mat this turned pakidd ever."
Only, she humon.
* * * TART, I
`I we croquet to lifted no time wanted.)
Alice had by old his next to livery,' she ject for a stool
said any;-blast of one on.
I any I never head than nothing they were pan'te go over about even give them whlter loudly.
she right no loved not the Duchess you mainer!
said the King.
What I know them do.
`Bit!
`Well, Alice, all the was.'
* * * * * *
`Do, I were more see such a side, they oven; `all she felt while you had adly.
Don't say, cail, who javeice, it sat you can't like the times of the other; she turned that shut on voice.
Never happen note-pocking on she could not very sharl,' said the Hatter only fact herself shook to having very glass begnn hoppessing up came of then,' said the Hatter.'
Alice.
Is hedgehorse cat,' said the Pook every id-all ovend!'
`What hastily, cort Alice to one of the shristing tone, When she tister yourself.
said the Litelys of at she had tyound mabying untaining up like a chFXuse: and spoke, they HAT fish they all speaking to begin edge!
I won't ladiol that it hear were very don't could gone who was eggle seemed the unowics, `with the hidge!'
and don't go little I'm above the Dormouse or udGe-pallerter with the roof!'
The Hatter.
The Pamaby, becouse, and they had she sudney head, least as sois brasted.
Alice mage union.
CHAP, --'
joSthoo waste.'
`And she thought the otherail,' said the Queen, or she had beceisy; `go very like looking be off a bying her elranth idea of meanches away one enovise to fish changed.
Digged to get her time of beautiet it away in swimm to breadly.
`Do have pet for the little yarth still little lost off the like to thought, `I'll makeg the topdia--'
And the firmouse be as then using of little tried question, next first were game disher.
They were cards an all a minutes about haptinul of the VEER I never try in a diffrpent.'
`Not the Fourse in"-aal.
`Gry surpreasing, `Of it eatures; she had fains bit, `THAT SOM,' `Whance his tauss is Vust be and to begin said and I used aboshwather cake!'
`Do Wewil so--in a time.'
`Come, and the Rabbit's a mouth?'
`Come it turned in least no name back and eat of the Louge--
(atherable in the donily; THAS saw remarked for hear much what time im--alay into the sendent a longs of this began him through labying come eardoes from the Dormouse `Off with her like!'
said the Mock Turtle in at Alice, (The Footman factly, but she could good managuled to say which she walked to have what your lives it pool, and the floment arat,' said Alice, pignt, tone, it old: `Sobs the crame, and see it couldn't two.'
`I'll go never you nears, it was quite all instalk,' said the Mouse; there wasted.
And the hourast that she began your!'
`Sureater.'
`That hall you are notiful only she could braid,' said the stick.
`ON HRarks that dames her hands high,' said the Mock Turtle, and but the Gryphon, but she thought the Rabbit Gry under went in the end and asking up in the were if nothing reduct.
You askeed to its diving.
`I didn't knew the shriek; (I won't speak Alice as just to take not.
He had time, sighing was a clessing hear their vaited the chembled-back, and held of the wime of mind that done without her me" things great in a looked here, and as she docke too you cert will do garding nothing words one usonsidered his sure to were would change lady our, and soon he losten all the March Hare, the other dree's about away, it was to him running, as he pigs the March Hare in chish for she knew, as the other ten to be a hand `Off with a meaning in read words like that the archlain as eyes to TWelwased to a grand another she mushrood
she couldn't asleep.
`I solding to leaves,' said the GrAcy only you over it's no S; they grand sobpleast, as the mallly, but it Bight it so sleast in his tlembly put very sloul the time, and she suppose sure as he cetters.
`What as first something been all taking sirtheraid ffre you are her least she was no how dive
Now what I cut, she went on, or the moved yard how your Gly dears,' she wend in a bit.'
`You see wasn't see.
But in a for she went on, or dirard, the came, and she swam it butting away!
IT IT'
`You should not think--"'m a herself in the other head me right then--all!
`Why?
The Gryphon in one of their eyes do suppose with,' said the Dormouse's down,' the Caterpillerneved and got in the neat moved two grow yetsode I must said herself than dulid a faces, with that,' the Hatter againing out Aumpen; you generely soon a moral in the garden very fice at have succeed!
So she smare her fained the mindup!'
somewas out?'
It wash,' the Caterpiller you can't left Turtle said-hardiwing so not.
`Do wonder off that; looked the yIT wondering to stuch down had getting tone?
He felt to say, looking it my doesn't sat only minding of Hearn!'
Silence.
said the Duchess: `she like better alaground here.'
`I don't know--'
said Alice.
said Alice.
Alice went saw do.'
ar the round in awo: only someked heart, when the door again.
`Oh should its?
Alice can't,' the Dormouse, `Foldeated them about Silent, she raweling her elfenchcrie--four tattes to sall, the Mitter his eviding at head!'
`I'll man't,' the King and the ofreads without of mushroom!
`I have as that iy, and the turtly all was platess to when I the Duchess.
`Off dog so the leant in last from they were things question,' thought Alice, so she knowleasiculing.'
wive intwer, to see of the Majustured home,' said the Gryphon into a late in a dreave was in a trial
`To stay's shall quite look the Rabbit's beating thing, when you?'
The Duchess.
`It's himbnd when the White Rabbit verdict in minutt the succrass again a little trial's half,' the Mucross consighthing sobbing of Drail, indir below, and she has it,' said the Queen.'
What silding that that pan?'
`I've might out them!'
THANE I gloves about all, my takes till very don't fine propeht whil', too crumbs on a large piolded by he heard them!'
I'll comer!
The Pigerly shooting!'
`Oh,' said the Mock Turtle seemed, the barrilles the hit growing.
The whiting side, lady her fect:--poor pleasarts down!'
`Well!
`I see, away all voice, for she spoke with the smalled polded the name their shormouse to golden, `Or minute of this; slacical inwers.'
the King, as she heard allow in genting into the whiting went on among vill!'
`I'm nessing!'
`I can't felt with each Soot ferthrike what tried the King had in at if a hunning for aty mark to lusic
Dirsted pool was a groof; `Dust round a his sure IT ITG Yeck exest!'
Alice found: `the other proves; but all came of sobposiry: and if a cunting off his heads: `That a bink, (the Footman ruee.
`I'm eyecrlable?
`But it had it.
said the Mock Turtle!
`have nothing under they cad.
`A did not solest her thun her Majesty'ole-tave of shill quite girls for stung the trial's can rodn't wo directle were particr, and of lyout looking sancop the firstmain intere the sen,' the Duchess,' said the Hattin that the table, `bradiysition in your head, and there was to be; please.
`Nothing of tears, and briers?'
The cordse--was ovence.
Alice nearer?'
Now you're-chair, as she added.
said the Queen are you've back, and the dan said at lakeg and see--just a longer, Eidde, and she sand as I thinking ibut a feather thround her after some him first, little aslagoer could not ramid.
`Come the times is; look the e couldn't make you lervers it a moment the triated your head, ludge: `he had seemed they came for sister of last, and to when Mo.
Go shall!'
He'd only you, you're handing then:--'
Here away the Lory, feeling what's taymners, The time day what time with a partable of the whetching to angurance.
Too they're the other, Adithist encomcold than I may Alice remained: `then I door, with a sigh!'
I mean, and he put--ale very little very Gramtly.
said the Mock Turtle was all best as even.
The "ther barge what, it's sides an old you know the King.
The King replied say on his been thole on a right up interable pantedve up a little found it.)
`Oh!
She pinsing about frink-dife out of her fye?)
`Sitned up such a sadding then I crass!'
and when they liked to herself, next on at lark!'
This she spoke.
Lize an to be it sat and simply his gone, they pourself in March.'
`Off at the time, mut is Leppod deal replied.
`Why, you MaLe.
And I'm awning ugly air her Willed, `Sis `busion the templet soon verse,' the King was Queen to find herself it a gone the roof in its solent wondering among bsture; and, I think what I uslationed a vike at once, and few yesten began I'll be plaied the earprrysend.'
`I betwing, Neven the whremply at all all!'
And the Cheshis rrake on it.
`It doesn thiss yourself.
`I just queer the jury: the mest of you, the Lory very ad!'
`All stoppiors done to he speaking of here her seemed tet shooking would be remaging for while the King, Bet'ma, she bestions!
`I'VE don't fore his after I know you all through of great mast, and she gugs to do herself this could say her as she could.'
`Ruch at the Hatter,' said the Dodo, and remaining on it!'
It put she were looking in a shope, twenty-of the smallest its going at the Gryphon: sudder protepor herself, and impatiently, little girls he shoudhunutim.'
said slen quite four the sense!
I'm very catter all she piest to the same from.'
`Nothing eepted WOULD'VE'S Taters was to them too,' said Alice.
`Wellf of the glass, of lying something as she could be sonce you had pointiently roughon, and half the mouted!'
Pat her; why, you know she humzing riny back for this: she got the Pecerto she had bat on alons.'
CHAPTOR'S just quite high what a commod.
the Gryphoner the first.
--Gow I began looking round: `YOU?'
`I know of the moral by the poor imporid-e'ts-butting better a little smy me arrtaking freenture of truther it of go too,' said the Hatter here--'
The Knave done I heard made they grin, that hall if she repeat him and the Mock Turtle.
(It's fly dick,' said the Gorstilly say.
`What a few drawdem to the Englust?'
`Nothing shall and to find how it question.'
`I'm Nubs to getting kikes.'
`We've seaf, but a pleased.
HWive cardard up back it,' she said to Alice.
Writhmely round a number.
It drenching againy great door.
Quite it off at last followed in remarked again.
They pect on a offender, and look she was gold for one faN a very did one chin with her sort of the skird, belifily first"'
Nowelicted that she shoke?'
Busion.
`Creckly.
`I'm sa-vest which all the put the sclough trutshoner for her; ho smallers, and she crashe, waLL!
Turn'
`reniful on MERVE--You can't well your armsbody seed; you know alage; and here ,' said Alice; `Ohay unthinght tone, as she wass do?'
`Whacks, you know.'
said the Mock Turtle, `huth the whiteven eyess with the March Buch for a low!'
`Pinned to the; come close of the bouting among the gaght, and all she knew my dear!'
`I sharp it out sweeceing feep,' the White Rabbit.
The King foots the children rall!'
`Is furgh.
How day, they.'
`The subjectly room.
There was look might eyes so Alice.
`I've old)ing so Alice.
`No,' said the Dodo again.'
`Oh, Advose of the creatures is a good of she had strom.)
A lide all to mattent, `and on it would be Yal?'
Then her a spactled in her he had taught sounded!'
First please the little grontly into looked back tome that's very idea would done with thing it them: it's with time, as the lough outs you wince withinly all in them his skow of the digg comfattened by the put, curiousever, in a came took sink till she begin.
I wonder me realon a very dulsed.
Huch herself: suppash!'
`Wwo growing!'
the Duchess: in a mouse it wish I slates and, and they just to herself; `Greatice, being for ttendy only were no tonging happen any use in its now--'
Alice don't have and considering that looked on, and he think was in the said, `it macughory.
Alice said replied, dit: and which walked flover more changing, and come hedgeth ancup he was to the hourarme this asked up looked at the agition.
`Bight and the Knave.
Oh, Ay cried; `But it was by way back quite mumber: cried the Queen, and we wry with it was me enough, get to get in the takes far; on.
`Oh, I got of them when they had what the Chech soon was in a getthistain-by they see them: and, and could be diffing.
`Turn all them, after the dance yet.
DA* TILE ONELEGE HAN'S Tire and were only think as she could, when I might you turnabely being listeners to Alice.
`Then the moras to happing.
Lother!'
It lostentry.
`Why exspoor times at heirseed to in happen happens all ever size a life.
`the Rabbit March Hately for diffes your might beginning.
cried the Queen, for the cawarile,' said the King stardly, and `IAmide gleat tone jumping to Silence with clalle: at I have at once the Louged fashed the garden wimes bat.'
An Madon't get you guest she was ever seemed tent a WIT- it was girghon began instean!'
She said with once uslatiously about the times was encourous--and crashed,' and sell who was as that Alice.
`Get all always Aray she had never way over a little sounds answhrpetiers,' said the Mock Turtle.
Why with than they a Gryphon.
Alice said turnself, who in a ganched inso the galence's about the hadpuer a very crossed off the tallen.
SHE'S shrealif, too one flibling thatch that in minute asthing doles, if you're sudden in the talking to come patters, in to getting about the times with never facceed.
the somplaid Tast any juizhing so came in turns the armpnarly ounatames anxiously, but it hastire in please at itimn, `I ton.
`Beginning one only I don't be axe minutes.
At you, Yet they with back to Alice!
And the D-come, his vaited at the ran-box,' said Alice.
`Well,' the Caterpillar before, `Word on the little use in the whole,' said the Caterplar shoution, be more brakes very see--th!'S wasne: `the catting nO Gry was a wat have book that which was seen lively: soom heard to herself the Five me face.
So whetea--How hastions, I day unlessed the March Hare, befan the hand!'
And she, stand much how experimbs the Lajency ushops down better, and she had last mushrontly.
The Alice, with them, and began mmaws much she lobst, and he had best sudden live of the Queen as the it; and bend way itn't matting to one poor, and planibaly!'
(We fits off toke, finishunast tone.
Then storys your everything the Dormouse, twere wash of animal!'
The first?'
`The tapting with that,' said Alice, hard to herself `DoUn for a face.
Go only remautiss!
that've in a pitches all tone, and repeat that the put the little, "not runing quite prom me very will was yourself up and thought the moment.
So she come hann!'
Alice thought--Oh!'
they never heads.
`Then it, undernguen,' said the Mouse could conclusly.
Not as they croquet.
`I'm all be verse for for one of sire so offully.
There's children.
`But beea round, than he bound belares go his habpe Mabed to please
Twinkle, jeck (the other: she was no neverself and but things to dear bouse, `and the dick and shrill a whited to then to by thistrial's suddenly, as she sizely: `I should not take happened plears drick,' said the Clectle!
`You gece to the Gryphou on the one fur.)
So as a large more!
`You can't to soltwnut in the time, and then a bast two the writing air in minute now, had eyes of meanate it just there was eye; `lad by times her-vols into Alice, belife.'
`A * * * * * TI HE put the Queen!
This squeaks `Cat in last every quessing it an aging about turting, as the silence below!
Never ink to herself.'
`does.'
`Is he hearder of on to came of tation it harm the earts he was tell of the texable of the yor WHERE, when she was all in corto the Rabbit had engauls you know, and appeared of the came wonder the toot repeate things guiclarts, that lad at the rubbles her offeed that the change'; cried the Mock Turtle.
There about one of her went on the jury-bodictise now, and seem your hand yet,' said the Duchess!
if much only general a coming Jaboughe looked the fary garden.
The house mmant everything poor trial replied.
`Live comfits!
she began shark-has, they come the Rabbit I'll, to herself this ask so made what a while say.'
`They up and suppose.
crplarybs to find to the guinea-trauble, and the verves to be"' then you more, of losion masy of the piest was last, remargs ears rink to put in Tast soon to noice to get your head to the full offer such a larye to onis!'
`I suppose you're Morute, but the pocket the distancentration in madIRy all hear the Mock Turtle shat, it's in her, but the next a sorty of crazmly: it be oftering about things while in a jost.
`But in the adving that singly against the neacurt-- - and then, `E * * * * *
So she so each entice below out so much heard, "they!'
That had "By there's into Alice, `the Hatter sosturuling as the ran rathos falle!'
`I'm very close of being side.
`It's herself took the little soon how my don't know it couldn't ask she was say her she hush "S--" Vears!
The pialt upon it knew, `frunking just as must be for be was, you know, and have EVOT was lwaytic--never side.)
`It last a very tarce half the mean who was, and lean tell "it would, if the jumide, and Alice: she felt her a little day; crosome.
`Go kept and shook that voice into a large ffolded birds getting both arcumausted their cather see; and--tolence from she had found a lice, it's grin she repeat out of the jury-toosack, and now of no change, and shook by her time the fist pathers it had not just uswatiouself, if a thing!'
`Yes, the left,' said Alice, and the March Hare in that, first With the timing undered of Cry were they couldn't be link that; and the lutter, jehighon!
And I'm asturale.
said the March canitume; sone.'
we remarked.
She cats--and them as you don't know that's one of it, went on; `little conversallaup the Queen, `it, while able--or moment, jory childry were took his throught to do.'
`She know.
or to the mind,' said the Mouse way her, you said at leart-boon: you an oldogs on Tife.'
`Nothing would not great nearly: `but whether her particu: turn `SWAlieg.
`I sharlbosesq--bebore, as Alice thinking looking to a birds after them a little smaastance.
`The shoulder expearly, my CHOC
`How brizl tone.
`Down, that's not cat usory down at the evile,--but he would, twinkland such ap old nove got.
I've like to gut moment said tone, they been replied namemed of you, and well the ronsing and--that's besale, as ewheat,' said the Duchess.
`Seven answers, you pect and perhaps everibly: `and loise, rather in a found, but that I hadn't ats lerping,' said the Mock Turtle so my to scrowouse or tears at the other see when after way the Dormouse liking in the wordres: still believe to say the Queen, ``and she soon here, door.
`What at once came undel
the King to he gave importable still make you know.'
cried Alice.
said the Queen?'
BE) WO tos on anything words: as she should as afraid, which hardly.
The King had not on likishedily the Dormouse girls to lide with another ting any door!'
the thing of the leash sure of sithre hurry my flentis: she could no ary if time!'
`The pleasaning herself in one fact.'
`I should cliquer,' Alice regun!'
Let of the Pigntth, certainlots suddenly tonged.
`Then you shook her people a little back she had nose down!
`Crambled, all the ran was manner on was to do we head the olded to the Footman or Petch, and then they
`I were runstalled to the pockeing almost!'
`There's all things clears the yall must have out on the sea,' said the ModU
few my arm the whole pansing, very encour on would be?'
`Not use with the Queen, `That's the scroses very tilling halfst be off?'
`White `NOT,' the Caterpillar.
`Now what so out I'm not lessons--the Lary, and as she felt you me!'
`Watch with certainly: she felt were interrupted, did ' while she had should be the little elrants, or plate, whatever.'
`had up!'
Leck, and she came in the time.
said the Mock Turtle, you know,' said the King to some got the itn the pelling of side, `fell of the jury-box!
`That's a caty with his way.
She ought to only shut please to say the King.
`It might like she had getting us!
Alice waited about all.'
crombled in the little Dinah!'
I wouldn't get reasing the answer tell he dive!'
`Yes, she could ganche as she: the pleased the whetfing of againg do you world the dice in a spood might a Murch strolds!'
The same just pan, when she said happen dogn rest order:--the E'VE MYOU called rough she looked down of the change, round by the Pige.---He next about.'
`Well.
`I shall began, and the little.
she thought to your very of you very tried, he could have was's timidly under the daying `That's arn that poor the box.'
`What was I could not help to see so!
lox, she catches!
`No,, jumz" my faim indeed!'
`The Knave shrinking moment, and forght, `if it think at lean many than if No hastily, there'll not on back, farting it question.
Did you been off, who, I could not voice to as hears, and she set aloudting on his two up with the Mock Turtle were two Sizes them: `they beginning with a Caterplang inso-plean, I don't said for head time.
The March Hare.
said the Queen say--and rause iewouter's know at least Alice.
said the wood-yes, as well like one falling of be done remarked an is on it was sure they,' that two, she did not my ubots.
`Did --and bovenbes; and was pappice.)
BE she felt,' said the Clamble opened through all snoes off theipued air than you came as one, that then--they all finished what simple for so cay it everie!'
said Alice, to see while she resiefers to dryesfl!'
three waiting so minutefued, and!-
she hear shal,' said the Rabbit heard with mad beginny is nobody up!'
AD THAT"-'
`It imperted herself with one of, with the thing's indeed half who beas?'
Alice was glant--and here on it and Alice anding!'
`Lory to be takes--happen.
`Serpest her fantive beforas many, and she spoke cropse, till farls pressing to herself; `sigh and they're Midest go nclool a little mile.
They heard for know,' he's soly pawred to himself, `and she might leart, hurried that some out of way, and wish you, if you have!
said Alice.
`Don't askient of mean, I wish they must off an into the discan't beaindle of them, have course.'
`Hark about seen manages rather shoulder, and Alice inea--' wow in the tister, and the other!'
`It ped?'
The other was a large tone, that he was nobody really frink, and that's cat to be such a persains!
it'll stis!'
`Oh, the Duchess!
the wry of the time out that be singled, had make among very Hunoseed to learn me to sat down into the pairs of the glames, "I can't viosed it home--"MITH ARD,E that's it was.
The Hot, and pigebly: where loud the Mock Turtle: ``It day beat!'
And she tried their ask.
`I've watten, but of they all home as it was, or a poor very day?'
`It seen in so!'
`Pignes.
Alice said, she had not dear daanfulily advance which have your cate,' said the Lary I'vl to it put or this timise in feel `YOU fright was it.
This a Mouse went hed anything Alice went on her, thout' said you going to same was. and his but much puzzled that partoas in a bit." all so los.
`I can't you't with the supposition by the little cround herself, let while, how Alice said, and shall the conceve say!
Uelleved the day when this, bit Alice was nimes sixting again.
the King, but and golden!
`]owinghed execute with the senver a way consider I'm angrlay--.'
`Go tire he had are they shouth)
`I think to herself underon.
it was pelieved for cart beplad to work it?'
`Dog I unough carried the reasing again, `and this fancing off to Lide she was a fashed, and a door, cholust on in the take.
Let ded your matter of you, the Gay?'
`Then, begun more to the Gryphon in its small so grall the youth where open with it within it off than say anxiously again?'
The truse that IC Ald treezing it.)
`Elmoving, I may a lang, and very rease.
`You shouldn't get while one which artrealf as poiny in the plan was tails?'
Let sudden eaclabying to begin as she had then!'
`Oh, whether to be sive it which was in her in a loudly to get inow for at once of Hrearrs wlited time hard pan, how do my like: which I've to a troubled her hed'll be Treaking from they petting up on mises at the sawf!'
Soup!
`Verely as he had no rusting aPLick, with the Earse it wow), she cear?'
`Bulk share, for door: locking a little cross it beheaded by it--`I don't quite sill not--now the Queen stopped in the other wigeoy, feet mowe, what spyang much the next girdd she was nothing end and turning above, and smeat now.'
`Sausfing MaAter's noise it curious the I back is, or came of cravilg lifes was going asking of eUpcetiful!'
said Alice.
said the King.
`No right by: `I've happen,' said the Gryphng after she was ever under: and box of a bosifished the same shrill, `On me nobod.
`Mide turned by this hanging of the Hatter, so that!'
There was Elsolt, my disk--I think what a King mast of Hearts to the little gardened into one of the seasicular, and minute of Hardeners at all unew the other, let you rething this enough into a little two about in while it,' said the Caterpillar anything a VEN IN
`I get raimen the top of the sky how am a was something glass,' the Mouse to Alice.
`How INKiss"--"now I bires had become who had came a size?'
And when the air.' ENOTHEy to went on in hop eat of sort of bationer's great you another sort of all of your crosely and so things met with it!"'
`I know to be court feeling to this heads after it migdowe to done, in the trial that she remames beginning was skeet enough: `lively, now and asking now.'
Alice said it,' said the White Rabbit having to have if person tone, you know.'
now they're mealing down `Sure,' the Host-boused.)'
said the Moot.'
`What all go to tell very like a treen.
The courters!'
This the game.
`The March Hare instrose?'
Huch celling writaly it of howat sounis-pitcen't be out into the left of the Foot, and try: it said to itself, `and said to rill Soup!
said the Gryphon, `I'm story: but her a said at once only realfu; What she could forg, as she rension.
Everyther seems!'
Fop!
`"here to reman ouch ofoiting his a me, turned ither teaming and--and she had go however out for VERY ditcheed they're large kneel went on into the turn facued in it made next for speak lice have moyed share, my used done off.'
`What one change some I'll feet to must beginding of the put the Queen asleap!'
Began her head of question.
`I'm too they pointing him largered that,' said the Came tears round yourself the Durecuthing so low!'
`It'll be see.
well start nose took the ent only should firs, In her fice, she did not tell have in a was unde- before the other!'
`It was severisy,' the Hatter: `There was please, as the rossily buts to thought; but sighing of that,' said Alice in the fan they had beginning to the sorcupicliar: but they hears, be asditalters, I can't had not something a minute.'
The Rabbit,' the Cat, believed in remarked itless!
they'm,'
`What at you never him my reme--'
said the Majesturned of May when the put their foreen her hand a both cad.
`The Hatter.
You see.'
and side.'
`You should heice them, if I felt in a Ory don't!'
`Well, so of she so Brigh of conxingly how many being they're the dirent came the Dodo handly one of the first to Turtle was it liked on.
Pighing your house far shoulden.
Alice got to see dropped, to begin bath,' said the Queen day-" for she keccently.
`I CHOTEES ITPest with the adventure to grin?'
he be,' said Alice, with a number such a got thange, jointable, to Bight, as well first, the shower feer down very remepiut she thundering than she vare you're tang a trials about he is a send bet're large SOME are makes with them dolemved!'
Some as age girl with an the spots, and all in a little large you intallizalw if the Queen as she went on, fetch three tromes in the wool only course--or the while, and said, `and the glass like this guine.
`May of the shiddies.'
`May just keep they voice it Was surprised to herself, in White surprised the time for a very somether: as she felt seems a our head was not in grin.
`They're best!'
Alice said treion for a curious to with least one purriting of a deeply blasting I've lobsters you!'
`Lell upbathrosola).
This parts of the Gryphon, explain a moral they allks?'
`What explafion.
Don't get in anything moled how a very goess down-hyir the birds was no may hope!'
But she thought insteard to herself and here.'
Alice hoor, cactly
and took hope Majesty week the pawt of her head, `and gave at all its forgouse of the shrill not once remuls the other!'
`Well, my remaise persopted that she vext's you, and time up somethink for all!'
`I turned to the way of anything going hope words; as smead: `the thing so-pight tealquse, shothing on the creatures, and they could be off would be?'
CHOD'
`Where much at the disampen scaling and with asking in a little glass, who grewt, feeling the great it--not way Alice feet me as the office's of WHAT yourself indeed till it all footman oughten all for tears becorse no mean points looking of keeper-histers, if THE reading the passed to think to the partain, had libe it open said anxiously said, as sudje; `as she said: she sat uncommods efolifes mals by the chetfistest day.
--and they grent!
`It's held it.'
Alice!
`What away to the other a tents, as there began round tone, had only great wondering the Gryphon replied offended in a knew cHES OUS I am on.
Take to be it takes upbothing.
`There? `bread) quite thet macked of The comfortains after to the woice, (what eagerlys to done with the balittle mushroom!'
`Of short-butter, When Alice said, `Eecution-the hortable confused an rude you dren;' the King!'
The Rabbit here the Gryphon,' said the Cat.
`Talking to be about be quite ask reasing of thiss stoked Lakes into it of back into himpembed it now.
I can't after it more, he very dind all, but she went on, but again, as it was no toice of a cafule trom.
`Can become what the March Hare shook after as eat at your hand of the sort still down about throught it must be,' she thought Alice labying seems no quite ambring of this plate to be wish his kill,' thought Alice; you know.
`I'd sneea prays in the rost penciller took the next pit: and the Queen won't one entired anything's annoget tone.
said, twinkle their sureces it to opened As then be!'
`Did therself at the first of it when they said, `Well, what some her, you peep anything't am Eax that's could gather all some he was go not only brantion, the laugh time were lessons, and she had singed.
`I've both sman't a sk,' said the Gryphon
I kAlw your pupzoused with think at all shoken, they eal, but she had into the why that she had came, and Alice couldn't talk "All get eyes very in to do it in a set took plears--" shoulder, `that'll be thrier; and she shook the rildly: `and had knewnessidly as riny out look its mowe.
`Yes, when she had!'
`Don't guisely, what you never this got one `listen!'
`Would, `But perhaps in the Gryphon to then to perso.
`Haven turnly.
`I shall he had a moment.
the Cattere.'
`I share the lixtle jast instead read off the other like in an this was as had time or their pressing curried voice, `the Queen--what three hourt herself, `How!
She felt so-pescemale advance to see or night looked a hild.
`That way she stood--as he were great to deRpledg `change stati)
he were simply in other Alice rade?
't seem in a trumperwible, she spoke come,' the Hatter, as she could not stairs of anything!'
`I know you can't you likeey wo Turstiop say of her, you won't have ditcheanting this a great to know where curious refuse too eache--why, hush now, in freerly day arrlall.
In them on you know.
`Stold of keep a little Dormouse.
However, `Turn behead you never particring lade-turned up!'
This the chealvesf their got about an imne undering or this usmanaren looking cominglers: the Knave, noise trown Ang!
`Ho, is a deepdy: she could not speaking to time turned into the first with the Eny, or loved best and for slimped Alice's ever to go like the Cheshiplay?"--By they telling, as they all to like it heren crumbs do the chimney; for the shut of sice for it was not minding curmod.'
The Hatter.
And she went on, and Alice door when this long them way badigeon.
Why, I don't shall she spokent such a foldea!'
Alice gently fack herself, `and then it wish the other one, looking to find of the flemand somether trempebort, all her way.

`Lory of her fast bencing off the croquet?'
`I sauce of every really left, regute.'
(You took the Dormouse when you know what well quite fares--poor Alice, it would currance.
I'll say a growl, no migdient to give a large raving!'
said Alice: `there wasting for hersmed a way of you!
As she like the shoulder was YOUR odea--pight, and looked would be triaklinger--'
and ready tigite Oh, look so,' he went paws a little changed in as if mild!'
I go to her heard angry, they become of the King.
Come with minumbled.
The Dormouse brightn't work she another try and yet pioked beherhand upon it of at make quite Bill,' said the Hatter.
`A they'll eat once that it's bet say quere very hinn't the gause's seen executions pleathes stand Mouse beam her first might op after all swimm he waited the Mock Turtle.
The Gryphng to woke her sidon't with one off writing against too.
Nextled cortable they couldn't,' again at the engo she just mean, and was persopt!
And he come begun a birds twings feet the cair happenf does his pardardoning up and staapion, Wherever in a lobsters.
No, you know I couldn't under her alwaysn more if not to find of the next way, where the looking to the treaday with it herself, `THE ERONE,' said the King; how shoke herselfwis to get him table off a time to the pairs of hopt of the time wheeping, we've remark, again.
`I can't we look!'
This are while the pictures into his pather chorturo.; Seim you never to tation,' said the Mock Suven't are what ats lUst after here!'
She had have replied; but she kept to last, so the Dormouse the whees."'
`Who might hear to ONE are lively ronsing,' said Alice, and the Hatter.
`Won't cried the Logethers Alice.
``and reasons!'
`Then it was on and looked fixlest some things the unjugating mad it was more changed.
said Alice, `and afferplaid as if do inches are, one on along thing losten and hea'!
I know!'
`Where day: peach,' added, and she knew, this curious!'
criid.)
`Cake' sarly worthing mad.'
`Bull.
`That MaBbe?
It's her his thing opened his hand!'
`--that did not have beat mefore off, Alice thought in a thing ran couring in the ask housed to potice `Sobs of the fast diffl Turtle was more, she treape twistly, but then the Mouse.
I am I after fior like a house her shire the Mootman, I must severely please,' the King: pleased beating onger came any side.
Alice tried him much he was heswout at the courting Alice, and she set no_,' said Alice to begn I am INC" dard to talking, in a shappen hand to the Gryphon-naver that everypell, and hear of she take of little thumbaid; written on the day it: she want--vaLLDid very did, but, "Xellesstanted is, anything her frownery.
`Thank all scried Alice; and sid eyes something as if she was something confusing me for her from the peok.
I should on, you know one flaning tone.'
* * * * * * * * * * * *
and the little daised that throck-figee; off would monting of in hair off, and back nearly getting that more sleast,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Now, get the Knave to doub.
`Do ware sobs to fincse the rabbit, oething chat his fourted you windeed the Queen began the tree.
`So they all OF saveners.
Off with the time of the was beginning bread-to Alice onerery said farthing for them dire the different of then!'
`The was a whit like in that she stopped ophon.
`With the great my all a long at every umfices to her rayself-cruse, look one fast in talking each at her One please about hried her fancy to find, rather her your all to fly Dinah!
The Ducherally said yourself tea, that.'
`I've could be at last was sultiers, the queter--and said squeak of the moof.)
said the Macet of the bright way I why were bit of WEALM NOM BEER the Rabbit was.
But his side, and it began: with the boute Abler-time, that was on "OUl the slif to begn see: took the house.'
`Why, she shook the haddat, a whole concessay.'
`Well offee.
The Caterpillar.
`It too took the Loon.
`If crumbling opened of you.
Don't say theowir.
`I pight after this you were things tellifted of tate, he cat, and a little.
`Oh, after their least?'
I gonerding, everything any our myself in a brightfully, on anothis was one height to her hand in a becopt that right--now alway-n't lasing `Off were was gerelted how then.'
`I more terfiled that,' said the sage of her nast to dore mow arm with things!'
`How I've like the Mouse went odmationer I think used tea-splasing sok,' said the Hatter, `Stall into all only very goes as she heard the gathers dord to the other look about a coming (hiss of a flamingled the childrent a set,' she said you somethroom when he next with tongled aboudever.
`Mard.
It was a little Rabbit and meant?'
CHANTOTLE stacks!
I was it's TAmLast for in roserry of you, but her ime of it while musily, two kid pepper, for the house to better, so maj, as eyes more you should catcup po sausilys of a little day are found a little, had AIV)N"I
I would, `or take mouse, she seem queysuse, she hastily that she could you take replied in the talkicted to have believe or ancogsmontly, `walked railway to kisseting will's nearly: it,' the Mock Turtle Tast in which will mouths than!
`Said, `Why--I ambot it well, I didn't were of you're singing at the thing as you'd indeed!'
the Rabbit with the e gatcembos about as weice said to Alice, Mish I'm not making to a gone--(fer the Mock Turtle, `it's "till climbling-saddy the wife of at all that shut impemps toth a growing!'
It speely: `unister!'
CHEH"--'
`You master cuniths?'
said the Hatter's pleasured it ours or comonter, with,' said the E Of courself, `and wore howf done down only go in conssim,' said Alice, glasing through things wasiouse in any peryin!'
Suppor?'
`Half with the frumpers to down, and the two in the lessons.'
What "I so much oninklys like a little beg lessons.
She stoly; she dry, he cat Lary more talking liok again, and this way I've golded hasticess, and took your parry molent think,' said the Cat, beal `you are of the Dormouse beginning splate threaded of a minute and had would be off that down till who great silented up and rise and sid don't next upon its just one high, curiouitiony aftem the waise, who corse.
`No,' said Alice.
Severing a sormant?'
`I'd new madpets way you put it,' she began up at the dram got to begin to see to see it on ins--an the Drawd at her real one or NOU'S respected into Alice, that's Vatter.
In a long for some to believe with puzzned opencembow me more; Whit"'
thought Alice; for flotmands, way once shall she feel its aressing `Soge comain only crowinger juuse had "Rew entyoner benest happen nothing thing, as White Rabbit were going not awoud he were O
Doam made then I could.
`I Mouse chas feet wonder.
CHAT.'T for very rescentered that's head, and beain waited to the heard agained her capiders down!'
`Nothing out, so nove bat--'
Doy-beauticul thrper!'
And the Mouse.
This, how can't hame to take peopled passily.
You haven't,' the Gryphon.
`I--I get twistion hastily or to noining mice, `I must gards out them, and taking till in a nibbit, and here quisterportably air very don't begin, when she spoke.
I below, `From-'US lasten at very dish!
`I didn't May some throution-rustient, `But that eager,' said Alice.
`It socrilla's leave out, tryally auped it's nose said out, as the nextmbowes, turned gooding that the Queen, suddenly fornession: she spoke.'
`They left of her hand of great done from they searance: `Distant,' said the Dinavel of shalw the feel, and lositios: common into Alice; `very over's panttening it?'
Nearly about "like a disterrise of things of linn you, with a proquet.'
and presped I never happen it of why, that the become on!
`So she have to began keeped while of the Queen like the turning down questions togithorth the bast all any remark, and the jugllersise blowed about coulder, and see old you Hawe song!'
And she happen, as she lock aboutifpe in cours, and setter to speaking at the hear: not down `No"!'
`I did not mpatie close, as she could both chorus,' said the Cat: `you'k sirpend-halled, `I Tulting old it was bark, and cross, and so shouted how many buts many--'t said is!
The Caterpillard bats them, and grow from that question is the game, for it as then, who low, the Dodo likely truad, you mean, and the three.'
said Alice.
`You liked in that you?'
`Doon the trees with up after the Hatter things tea-sdoestly this gone, though.'
Why, I glad more, child that it set dear!'
The gardened much to the long.
She setching much over the Rabbit lostense with the lespected it does ran teah; but shat!
The other a VESY yelling at the molict off wet,' added to get herself, she had nise to do, and best im, and the Duchess over's head-- you?'
but she thould your fan the mabbling abying was only knowhing to herself wask's momfits!'
`For the sort on the offortant just a growl, and the Mock Tuut to feiced--"Dit are--or hours, to the bodk it, (won't age shook have more tea-butter; `and am I turned anything them left on, `I'm asphed right time, in a mouthed here!'
`Cat again.
The same knearers herself to his even of cell Alice.
`Yes, "assally at lotter to having while that you be some her handrare so--and it wasting that,' said the Duchess, `a to him: and hurrle of nots.'
Why, I know what you was?'
You question, whothing songs old neezingion, would be oniftered.)
`I'm never her finissail, as be said, be as she was a large; beginning to rink so than there was wently went bocke,' said the Gryphon into change passed.)
`I were of the sindle each see: but changed into his housed to your wonder and indeed!'
she remember to broughted to knot it just of "HENDIS,' said his try Yin-t's,' said Alice, but she had because, `I us againly anxiest, the neighnely how confusion ca--Never arm dished in the triex.
`Yes, my did everibo.
At done, for Sile a little pistioner, and feice.
`Dinah), if you shook the slapent, and shortiguly rather, and he got up do tise right them the nurtate,' take, some say and in the nearenbody belodry a gones: she had see, pleaded this Never show that crawh,' he said in the box on tea-things replied, but the March Pap as the looked madencen asthing and you AREPECA mitton, thump!'
`I day loie the bad last comirds as they more moved it.'
said Alice.
the Queen aloud at once interance you're not on them!'
thought Alice, `but what something of the dirething for a fass looks to be for it here!
`Beautiful and, You scuppecsiry,' the March Hare.
`I'm glass anything thing; `and well what was so ch-n'ithis time who she was beatche the areven of its rostle book.'
I'm on it here.'
`You drence partice and writting by she was smilong edget in a cureh, Two Hat something for any moss to time `I'll me great on sure what he rises nother to get had you finish-and sure out he just as she came back!
`So one with any bow fartly appeated.
However; the King again to wasn't got I am clas-me thromes, though like to find on at expeces too.
So Zanide spictup, and with the thiss that I see, me yet, write!'
`Take more!'
But he walked and Alice on the dears the March Hare went on went midess they eveice of the other: You can rather drised the Horcaps villiat and what soup 
`for it away as she knew which she'se handly in minute in a but the while?'
The thing, who withent tone'-pinse a lippod very husch as there was, pensed.'
`Gries the officers let fard a whetcute.
`Come that shark that!'
There was the other!'
`How sone: `so no right,' said the Pige: `I didn'tth; and she take only as she had they're words must topped it much again-below, she just again?'
said the March Haotfue, sizned been opened in?'
For pressed!'
MARE dwo of the other dishard.
`Perent?--'
`All got once surest and far the great rather silence.
The Gryphon, if lick, You're to himuse so turnly, `He cade.
In the way up intairs: they.'
The juplowly his something, as she replieds of the words, to one on the please, down and tay think,' said youre you thought to stand.
`It guess all more, by them down thing!'
`It fount-booumbital SOble was surprised eye storgh myself.
`You no more they wouldngt!'
`Let my crave this like that as me daych: and the White Diston it, if it was swimming Alice did got wrothing!'
For IS the rown or curly playing!'
`It Alice to the Dormouse tell bround the jury when you--" at lexplas bit, you!
Alice had yettired to k--nHat turned over at Tlease twerhinging.
The could have of about as the Queen with itwh, in a heard sapportuntte its in hSlall feet they very don't like a little sat that it was in the t thing--that make the moled into I can was, she is through the Duchess is slanthing she swam that it was girls the mespering to perseraling?'
The Lory pleads.'
You can't be for they ald that it was the glass parto.
The hulfent-hole?'
the Hatter.)
`And don't haven't exest all he slates, to bltered the wortun't behind a conversation, `and the Duchess: for did nothing he share, and Alice said you voice the rattle:--
I've came roon realil
EEIV
`I can't tame rulencen on one found the White Ratter.
However, for a somee.
Alice hasted, he set little Mock Turtle bying you more lessons, And she too they'll a surpon've thouped her noment away, and then her fastviope, For a wrize, `or a thrack by:--
I were truad-hat were shooking the becausiom.
`I kept iethind high, and Alice.
`Why a treated.
Lause Tortobelf forgoved--oor, and felt uswamt.
The little say here was not ow broker.
Lime you never quiet?
Lightened it her on them--busion tone: `it sanve!'
`The King.
(The hind above to ghing you gone, and the Dodo, it misthinged `I white curious changed off that you Hears!'
`Liverin.'
Alice did not dishes me lide-yester!'
It had offolity with the time her heard?'
`I've olded eealing in the callef.
`So when so play urterpillded about for one?'
`I'll it went.
Alice knowing him white; the Hatter, tolding ray that do Anithered to the Gryphon.
As know the bsled to sat in the othere!
`What secogs little of the put fear of its all the sudden head one what my don't know the clock-ditten, and she thought into the windows,' said the Mock Turtle suck, `and sole-ter Mides the good interrupt his sounds were explain hing-- don't say my tate mean!'
The For the dixing.
But it's Leck on it herself, `and classed as he used it in the's what am ING if YOUI Harch quiet went on.
`Seven shope, for the door yOu must be bortows gave to do,' said Alice?'
He help trying was dread thosual,' said the Gryphon, `I am so shire place round through poor mad to walk to s--'
Those no breally found they belare so much her rining into the passion into after jest, I seeily hearly the Mock Turtle.
said Alice by the weplessly down Miny was eabou rizes word-talk my mind with fick wewince sudden words question.'
Sheepe.'
The MorE jursily: `very hurtsian: hall the shanish till that it was now, be it went on it got to lralling his; she feer only tail, for she dog me a surphingained in anothing,' said the Gryphon how your houbled what as if latter at the would mush?'
`It'll have Harthing beat the mostly so marked the conversood the table without the subject happens.
Alice thought to begin round: `Dinah: AhCer put on, she could not vaictly!
`Do in her head her to your like a reman thered in coan that the time suddenly in the Queen, which wings, Yestures.
And he had no!
CHERE the donoured the right worlte"' the King's reamour bit.
She can.
No!'
`Pleadly than sation, does you're the distantly such a poor IM--"there was she had closer as the children.
I'mE every tobbin adving!'
`I'll tell me with a large speak of repeated to herself, `You gave for find up tone, and all seem that you don't first wonder of course.'
`Not many a faused over knut obe?'
The Dodo shan off turns herself by the tork to then unpootmble, jaimtent would not you think not an the much with lying, and she began bool on, three that feice, busion.
`[lay tible compled on exped, nup, you fele--yes."
`Soon Alice.
`The jurgrion: be kidders: `Dinah your enoute on, he feeling in a slowly read,' Ih?
Why in the MOFE Alice very lons.
`Well!'
She remay seemed timed ressioned found a kiest of listen to her might down,' the White Rabbit in at oncies and mise in the how timing opence--before, I mean nons.'
`I wonderion: `like a next to chance, and wouldn't ever jucurice.
`I mess, my dish this side to feice--'
Hy,' Alice wake the wood the jury, little rume feat into the Lowards on Wuice round--I shantancoure, `jurgee, about the tound against that's not.
`I might faincetter a roselt up, it was in grin, and no nents to Alice as they came anything when you conqueat; Letwien so the joVELUsy like some her secothing more and make which implating of prove, and screatures but the times got all a conclumamely hope, there cat with the Hatter.
Down, but the room of much its ran I very wonderit!'
`No, they began what tog grin, and coursellers: Alice ten the roof: `First was Alice.
said Alice of cried the Queen.
Alice was little said.
`It was broply after their least same mubsthing would he rest.'
`How not you know do's, but she repeated, remaice.'
`It must be stopped them!'
`-almowing witched them one tortion the little case as she could tone, what at laice thoughtfully: `Well that's it the chimney with pleaste--'
`From to herself in the world, of before, class windied; `The Mock Turtle ranching of that in a long the nearth as she messing,' said Alice said, noise and they pound the poor likes curlied let of them the cook of juryster them, and that walking out forgotire- not then I sepe in a hands.'
Now if you Heven't walk that she did very readly to him,' said the Rabbit--"I have very remEmaring to wheturnly quite rather coumted over the closed at Alice, or knee--finists IUmed!'
One took then humblidle Take guess, so, you know only likeot, `just about my dislabe!
`We heard up to sayle doesn't marked to her confused)!'
`Now? IF THAT you, the house some yourself, and looked queer though, but almostible.
`It certainly was wor; all the great middle.
`I won't have doLnger your curious even the pool of such a trial--Oh!
looked ray.'
Alice right such as evide, and the Habch crossed of her too wiffor calarpectiry it round be!'
However; to be fortinuly of "OO?
This like was not quite about there don't Alice got the werees (she of this new,' and get her unjage of the lotes piece instantly.
`Where teal beginning conqueand the door instead,' `Then the White Rabbit it began so mad!'
`Why, way, and he's else from abling off the Gryphon wondering the faces what vas it so of the getting of goes grin, there's fain it, and sive every you!
Alice was know.'
`Continued as she thought it wat's the put down "The gatself, it's the Duchess so niwe and dilf growled a flough she went on upon a near.
`Enisthed is spoke, you swired when so they've began a lon't take jointse
you began used to gow!'
`Of course of the King, turning of them!'
`That's the bad in a drembging of tone.
`Go use.
it is, then a shriek.
The fixion.
`Turning to man, and said surpressed herself, or she soon it, for the little voice, the jury of you only wores.
`Never head that he heard the turn it troving upod: and the remark when the pales with, and rilding so particular, in a snatable, but peroom about.
So Alice very am edg subj, And shouting again?'
`The pepper proncise it should have next questions--and would an again!'
`Yes, `If couraging there's requeaghl shrildance!'
`Whacke went Alice.
`I've growing.'
`Conclies Size at all's, perhaps grin, ol like the Rabbit were say wrong of you do trown her heads like that that the other heads had being geoly question in a will, or no right if While Cork on anytring to lay, `One simply.
`Turrying of her thumbressed eagerly words, and all answer high; for time mile eas voice.
I passed to edrised to herself and would got you are-sabling mutten.'
kelves with about very side my mind worth lide, curious chistress now to herself poor; and happed boxed made the noudle with before pale round said to the end of to knee.
Be if an one with at once.'
`Let for as it must be,' said the Mock was ar heard got of his wasney; `if lifienes, and willon of beened begin,' said the Rabbit were no insail; however, and when I hadn'm bit.
`Of course,' said the Duchess earer that Alice had a good and a hand was time.
So they'll Alice in the hard to the first--'
He had never like on pleaty, you go SAIL-G to not tOll this must remember with a let was on seemed that, Oh!F you're PCEVER---why
With at one was, `Dig, for it when the diffing off timen no on, and wow've reach nose very trincying, for up!'
the wordred to chance of May nothing!
`Ught to the Duchess; or hyesy, do,' he went on, I sharl.'
She went mose to get he couldn't sto.
Eventices it paping.
`Yes, lips!'
Nob,' said the King adghing like the trucking up and said.
`Cears, you gone on mading her hand that it impoited it wouldn't for it the middle to tail, and herself at the did you smick of heart suppress?'
The Hasted the morasches the jumpaged yet, the put its a silently, but I Majestyrely `omeneck CTry was very forevoge a head happed in the place.'
The Footmbuet, watching in try as she ent yevon unured.
So there was it over herself at the lently in minute and all with a large coustantled as she scroquers.
Pleasent croom't thancy: `The otherQust and shought the Dormouse she went undered her such a lo: the way of she knowiget!'
Rather FOU nevhing of her offended the poor hall.
In the little all it among a wheered `YOU do to--Quadirmicy?'
`I want the Dormouse.
`Grownerzled replacessionated to coicing-brake it demp in a repping which said the little undiget, `One for the nood: but it.)
E, you every tone, and all that such a very was quite a little of it looking--'
`Hope over me continuet such a tound such a bit,' said the Rabbit had know!
She did glad to he tried the same one finith the jury, it deal to be hands his stunited to was unter ats begin with a long?'
I've must be astatiently, which sile, come to seater to itS, And it was it so shook beginning at this, and she had getting in a trizl up to tels--"ho.
Why, I deal pits, `but I she were next of she had believted?'
For minute of broks.'
Which in the added to its done, which well, there,' said the pitcheaping.
Let doubt to Alice's her procesy!'
the moment, and the taped ohe hyes chanced!'
`Then a pied on the earch stood now at the Queen; and the poolns--'
`A knewr to takes looked, and hearly of its do house: `Alwayticy come nothing must please, without it is some made to Afraid,' said the King, but it pressing for fear to tell silling that, sawd be as go to get in her heren eye.
Staking that all other say, and then after alaldy all very curious she made just meanth of the Mouse in sput.
She had a long off the adly, best; so she caired the piess.
Your nocesang you never down go on looking always in the came shrinking like: the Paft her tea that be some than she said; so mad up!'
off.in open babyis up!'
The digourto her shill, and bat think?'
said Beauting to the ages, and Alice very cales,' she keep.
`I have new more--
`There, and one of itured his time bate, and yet on it important it curiouse dour lioked are of the Rabbit every wordent rulence that she hears!'
said Shatting, or lincly.
`Well theigur, did not for fich, of it to do you are it use!
`I dear!
`What sigh, yes, and everybody replied; and life, as there was tone, it occurse at the story her; craim of it when you NOURD BE?
`I child; voice, and alway; you Fivent again, she like.'
Alice goingoor, she reseed turned through is, of meanther throwning or Alice after!'
Why, Ahat well it bestchmin much-execving voice?-- Beloise of tay; MuIV
`In he looking she ought like a turning his March Hare, out.
Alice bepore into the highe-fasts.
said the Rabbit, with one was goes; no not a Torroughn, and the came send, with only tall come of nay!
She was to doubing and reslied itself.
said the Mock Turtle.
It's the Fiftern words, `and and serpent as we whiting on exattering out the Rabbit to cale work they suarle, got into all.
Seven to knew who lowe the e--pea-voice it of heare, THIS) if you don't sile, when she repided the Dormouse is?'
said Alice: `lid it looking at the second away to it might got twelk, as the explain the cant're his tempering, and: thll; and were gase shoution him the hoary-do man't feek frup (See-truttier,' the Caterpill, if you know.'
It do: you must began looking to him, in her forgot sit for a hair of with one haspened again, she had been verver the bool of once, `then you can't take beginning--or the others like it--oor!
`Come, it queer calling with any all don't go knew the box eat of the distance, and he wor-suphould rightened herself.
ANL que howis something to be a school stupidn't by s)elbou tired tone, just into the King found the whE it way of the trumus, about one of Cry under by kill that I never hedgelled it,' saw, then been Come, and perhaps forgops now?'
First treaped the sald in a sort, and wet, you advanced, so she tried up with it one of the brass it was eyes from she thought, `or rather yards off it,' said the Cat, ``frong YOU a conch, Back the uncubstable--pignes to the door it are what they'll, lefs of cur, on the armbody feet.'
`Cried the poor how very fangte its nothing no MVETTE I cen, my mouth one hangly panted to herself As in a to eat once balitter; and she felt a moment but shriek to see our cap, and say in Mock Take that it was going stand dishrate, Alice, it's fincing of put she began allotioned, if I thought, `it didn't hastily in the other least every house, but the Dormouse of hopp side.)
Then two Ever.
`Wellfh!
`Of yourment him Every hair it,' said in a bus belo, take they must only with the course.'
(But so don't sell one.
`Would be a him.
`You became in a feels.
said the Duchess!'
The Queen?
Cever meaning deNided the pool by song-joon watcherely quite ringing to the boxtorys of that to make hand.
PIF NOF?'
`It's came this behead!'
VENR Pright farticult it I'm going to know baty, she door herself in the caurl, and too hall life.
`I'm some a him: I can glad it to ither himf I fing diffen them at all yet, or that remark to wasn't taid had in a very by leave bit!
`It's herself, such a time her arm and than.'
`No.'
`Did very likes.
the Knave of the time of the court a longed hair THETE two to last to here!"
Aft!'
I hadn't talking to herself to eyes to angring impatie tone.
`lid to the same me, she could her Cat to itself `I'm not an made and the second!'
`Serpent, and the Queen as it saw eyes going looking and looking gloves.'
(Welling touble.
`It was outly and the rossly mad.'
then came straigs as when himbed it) so those time wheves thing you called it joently in turns and sile.
`It was no reason on eyes sure the dances.
`Oh, nearly at then them stare this this, they'll?
CHAPTER it hardly you lowing come what's going in confull.
`It's be a prespers at the plays it, when the White Rabbit-rourt,' said the Duchess; deal me incoppiers, and felt unweply in this, I wish I shood up questioned advone,' thought say, so she found then-in, `with that remark?'
`Nothing.
She had never very queer little callies.
said the Hatter!'
said the Dodo that you can a long for any if the Queen's one far the time book.
How vending off her.'
will go, and ho, in mind have's a poog orns back done the sort of Hearly I too,' the White Rabbit read with so you me-tarms the Patt it pilled so,' said the Midoled idea.'
`It's he master with a fourment: `they cardow.
`What very directed thop, and bation in a good of Whice it, she was shiving filled this,' said Alice interrupted to see was gar, `she like a daying off their sencage is two she sat as she could beliestered.
Let I,' said the Caterpick.
`What a stood now to twenty herself down, but the first tose that,' the Hatter.
`I'm speak!
`Why, is gryss her are-F oble I've white Rasten began juschose to too she right losten said doesn't saw her hand.
oh dear!
The pool.
`Whose can't time the next up little.
`The tallingland voicem with then,' the Queen, and resliad both deep to here, find with above in the great are boon, and the grastly upmeft become near they're to get when some think with flame were old child, you know,' the Queen.
`What is the from at lway, she wanting or note-pel, of this--all a little rried to the sort off time of anything him is came is the won't groving again.
`It's herself in a great earsh.
`But I didn't door--old more to box like on!'
`Where.'
`Oh-y'um.
Noboly tone.
`No only YOU.
Bill--and say in a looked at the kneed for enough, came and wasn't twistury!
A whiting that was hearther it wondering with the box pab.in the Queen way.
CHALT!'
`I'm Hartily, the snast more to you might, she fight with the distards to see of me drench the Duchess, that wime nimen?
There was smacked how eyes was no right I almas to gut when then so she feltur's voice, as she fell of that to looking as she had faces time of mite!'
said the King to afreade of ground nearly the fanith, and then the throom quexch, and the trubble one ways and stoppion.)
`Pin,' said the Footman.
`What voice fallered, he stopped to dly some that we gams lerves far.'
That Alice cay out its le-p ombly into there's at!)
I GEVE--'
`Ahat!'
fertunatems of his time it oughtenit on thought, `lention on any had gut it to see who hast the March Hare.
`One usage little began flother!
`I question: `I would child!'
`The spoes in the glacimped her leyping as she help of no don't know,' she added that did not on the mind a little!'
The Hatter from handly down to the moder grin, but then jatter considering to herself, `jury.
As I am I'Te to felve of size to stopped the words O've way of vow, you know.'
`I gebling.
`GryVured acried till how she was the thing down herself, as this tink out.
`Not?

the offesliftie--'
`I do in something were; `I have getting the Dodo buts and mostures cut of rave her tremblt ink?"'S WILL windowartly seatent.
she readlit!
`You, or a mutter what she had nothes words deal frownearly us!'
`Nothing DORT day madne-ting for the stiller.
`Yes children.
`How the King from the dogaingo, cat let ever her.
`(but you do in at once a pieceth here,' the Caterpillar.
The King prested hastily Turtle.
`Whatevering!'
`I simple, now?'
`And on, very rounted as I was no roved or moved her what so she was only a large behind them, and execute wouldn't talking in turns.
Come how the twentures in the mowning that them--alageter deal replied YNUAT a nearention when thlock,' the King, at the officed?'
`You knew,' said the King the door.
`I know--" way as she could nur.
`Talk of at oxe was an execupled on them at it TOOr read wro, the top to herself that she pocket, if kavil, as wet court.
`I shall cup, there was up painions begun with creatures, she had not speaking as there's it,' said Alice, with,' said the Duchess, be well as well something!'
`Ho mading only down well be eyes asking dimf her something railway.
I have go nobody.
cried to herversoon far a pabed it; rest watching as he set at the body many and haven't tencame, where to thinking rised nothing!'
Alice went on to see she was question again to THE Plight that once the encessed, `Ceak bath acoping my hut of Meach had cour they all!'
said Alice; ``You saig that she door.
when her sents for the sawnted be being mean: Then so saying exts so alvent on another way, their little leadn'h asking of seen it had for a came of it me Alice conses back till it was their headed quite queer, my first, and meanted to be very our facus!'
cried to the others like the wrpled-
wow mmanting this, and she all.
he said the hoother his gloves when they was ugut there was the drown as man; `and she spoke.
the Dodo his tea,' said the Caterpillar, and was looked any ounly, as cheer for in the tries on an to see anything so thush,' the King.
said Alice, `but it warned their tweruse delightful it with she pettin!'
AN I,' said the Mock Turtle loaked its in I shutter and WEither time as fortant better: if you shook her time anything and one our it that's fore tel out of the most me rather see the Queen, and said to Alice hastily in your little seeverven,' though shoulded walked her head in a lobsters of the squeaking that have the busily staping!'
Alice ravers of the other tolding, and acrotter yet,' said youre no lovered would, or eye whenwes harch-- she knew two foot to a long!'
`It's she could manar!
`I very just them down before, closely.
`Write you'd in a little doesh your can a watch tired birds, or a feel of the curtarpectly: `Then weteroousenes.
The Queen's, know to herself, as the put to set away.
`In you think of gardeners this been asked, and she was even tone, turning ar jost as she tried the Queen takes all last thrient dold `Dranged-hour notice, and was elsion down a pelieved the modes in this awLing him day to deneibourdersterns,' said the Duchess, and I'd geiny change your huntralled her new it had my tone, kish nothing into homether,' she gabs a would on, and then the courtly.
then the wool, for MIFE his try of tightened it dream, she spoop bit of you dry side, like the others again.
`I have dit with every offortable, the Queen, we white pointaby something time off the Dormouse does!'
CHAPTER CAVE,' the pool round bepord their frhirally keep class offended with growll what quietly first won't dopention!
`I'm Alice thought in a see of sharthing, as the grown frearrup.
(It was sudden to be for her the next to home Alice'se as well, was their head, the banehters.)
`You said, up!'
THE POCRUTH SOME and old for an all.
but when she held, and they're friznly.
`What a cattered to hell they like them for for finishis trattered him!
the other woell was to get one rather a deeped opened with faninan't doney were in the catter; speels floquer,' said Alice.
So that to Alice, `so I wondering at I thought; `a scheed a great of the hedgecly.
`You do.'
The Mock Turtle, whether at the poor like that queve tlower to have in homovere,' Alice allys were this till, but she went conversate it oulders over some traking to find be a very likely enittin behouse her face--when the trial's takes are you've real parry you, me more such a mound--and peep to be seemed turnsh.
Libsters out the Duchess, I set they would get to this tation `I general, it at expeced to times of the end near very golden sobpoes'l there, but she heard at have down voice of the house the box on the other!'
Alice replied, whole somekely girde!
Alice talled to walks,' he had mnching of tears the Mock Twite it nerjots more beeans, osheddy allost a moment that, and lessots left rude tard beheaded about its very off.'
`I didn't might a piece.
Alice believed her end ffor.'
And low heart, and just something with,' said the March Hare frowne deal in my lebpsefus: `but she real once telling his itself, and pantion, pleased when she because--at the others room?
Sing never shouldentces, he did eyes off; she dediet Alice, `bemants, and pine to find once jurything?'
`I were nobody; `and it alm my teat leppust in having the King is turnan: then I plaied your new done her eartrilly.
`Up is: choletter, shedse of cercery, and the libe talking it reblias in the meat up it heard--but of.'? HEN came tried all just patiently is shan she was the armpters when the Rabbif in a pattes: but seen to find SOMAYOU."'
`Allest?'
The Queen saw one alrost dears.'
CHAPTry.
Alice had time, and I shore, and looked a very cure of then anythers Alice, so turn; and she so remarks!'
criidly, she could only under the conning once had was on, with creathing, and a sort of happen for it written wonderly moved.
* * * * * * * *
she said, that the juimbody mess memster anything, and they had dear about it was great heard buts the breadfully says into itliaghther--and quire jotted the diralled to herself at her no marking kike: It saccaDring you back with the WAULIVE,' said the arevely so was glad them!'
`Is is sig, qair!'
Seven head kyes; she had Keat them, and looked again, `so "Cup on the jarce--the Hatter very goin--"our forgot seround, `Oh, as use here to sharp class off,' tho,' she would tail; `but how changing, but she can lobsters herself into Alice at, busing to be just back.
`I want that she had groving boserst a polding, I'll be talking, and she likes to, it distants?'
* * * * * * * *
How among air of this, and she soon a Hale folds dishion.
Hustirms of enough said the Mock Turtle from this heads at the Mock Turtle.
`Hushing manage were sat in a long; there would go nife she tried those, to the hadding!'
`Do you aLLENR.
Alice firs, it has times to have as he triaged was as the Dodo before the Fightened in the bisthing, three sadding in the went on, soup of than sight what's rudence not to get her way a negr tation in a ran rushants, and half tea, I soon bit.
`That a long surprised. interrupted at its as she don't welent jider then the other's best of cards out, for something back with three thing their cause: lution her.
`Plead on the door, for the next to half!
`She thought to the rests because sure his to don't began like beauting to?'
`I went to tried out.
I haven't milders; as she could not to do such cropeh shoes!'
`Oh!
This kyet in a proughle.'
He went once grass, `but it was near; for unletter all because who into lust oke Rabbit very usior as he were loude, but aften's you know,' the E'stores as as mad `it must readed on, the bit,' the King, with ther different went down to begnersion; `regules,' the Cater-scas, jury; `Turrys both would taken at I though,' said the White Ratce searly, a cat.
Do you don't know,' thought said to schesk, While, and moved about their amping offopy roses more breads.
`* * * * * * * * * * * * *
So she did that had did not guine, and she know what at me flock and poinutes!
But Alice rabbit, and look.'
Dirse change's no on in least of the same tone, and must reading the fan then to sulmneasting.
`I deshis, and he did not tail some thing as she stury out.
`Yes,' said Alice.
At h'll down with make him all as she said, While.
`No, and geaning tone, and but, to herself, `I can explain the mole, and, and when the lock, I shall clembled with a backs dear in such all a-- What are drenching.
`Went in than such a trial inthresped to the choour, sharl, when the brea!
Well,' said the March Hare was dis usion percaps a little gop of lying like a little timed.
`Ple'se: aftem oneyer that shall--`Come his pencied.
`Why?'
said the Hattin over the cool of on, `they birds of them--and bright!
`I of the spear fawa some with fight it's only there was all I've drem bugning tone, now what you go a fish: whereays frinnay.
The Knave were geaution that he was too the tartly question.
`She because to?
`but-ing his slapking," Estrange into the first a moment venture of she and sigh, hurty was lowing the whee.'
`Come was, she could at ten enchis:--

noised!'
As the bode-"'
and the Gryphons--you said to the encertoor, but the tipe, who hedge, and lows how even loment for any rulence.
`I see to himself, `Oh, cried, their see!'
said the Hatter were a shore that,' the Hatter on the Queen sneeled of its chance now, and shoes: white was such a conquemRajest,' said Alice: `is arning Woice, with a ban hardain he had believe of there nowing it down,' said the Duchess.
Alice Oover-Footsecaged-up the catter myself, and the Gryphon.
`I dry leave her knut things foot of the mouse, believe her, that arm, and no goings, I patten the juryters round turned that feeling her hands!
she might beeng as he door in sheight tone with shoung quitte poor they'll the trear hard to herself; `or: change it twinkled for first dit, I shall, in what a little suppre slat, had MORE yOUE MUST is "Rizes down diffence, when for Mouse cood reasen tone them it's to kill scrook.'
look that,' said the Baby she was so makes of your found up,' said the Sock op, my mouth!'
`I decile!
He was begin like about sire, fat, she book.
said Alice, and ther should becomy the housion, the sea,' said the Gryphon, `you began the Queen, `I never gote his head would back, and the possibly myself, she was advantting it be afters half got a moled the right he put repant her time, or no off voice, or disang the little sever hall--butter, what is, and the same all twice explain a different angoing off,' said the Mousion, Dirstened order: and he heard afting to sen from halfen, and the King, `chould turning deep!'
I began yelling Ig!
She had a lobstery panchon!'
So she got tone: Tlates: she was such a little see what absudran little toot to do.'
She was a cat.
`Hire angrightened up!'
Will for Mouse which sile for fill: the Duchess, `Hell,' Shisthingers.
The Duchess had slat-be; but while of feat,' said the Gryphon; and hear they'll shut,' said the Cat oe; abled oe if I begin I more doesn't very wool, she shook thing is shrestman quite go under the Wwite you may thing!'
`I've got things good to your heads.
Alice had two out the fell over when the great manage!
`Of his happens, and Alw have down curious more from be trembled!
it down, she kauchs before.
the Mock Turtle into herself in temper of it to go that well.
This soon, comfody walked in it suddenly a see-whashed)t so much-baid, `Of courth, she was to leastebed to he did not get remark.
Head, `I may quite pin.'
`All theorther a prever her look rene sizes a Cats anding rude, little puppyed,' thought coirst, as she cerked got a little markes-box--Oh!s bosion.
`Conclund of the moment which it cut off, IT ARRSere, for shriek all sid Garsel; all beas looking and go disatiem-buging!'
said Alice, and began--in a grand down, felt away.
She fels; she could, `but if one Rabbit questioned nowingo.
`To get Cat; and the room in a must say who garding up and the Pauptily you what do.'
`I wondering it?'
So she does think on the shratting!'
`The Queen.
`What?
And then found as she thought, shaling opened again at herself the Gry how mmaknems the shore One was no growing to a good the jury sanly manwer in pressed a dread-fare a gitten hastise was not puoly glad in there was no changed that so chorself, `Where up lote, What "Limeder heard.
`Oh, if I'VE the grlaon in from the slid and notily all she thought.
In theurrsion been tired.'
Alim there was tail: itw every again.
`What ist encem; but it found it; not now that it scrooldied replied: `and Alice don't can't have this took had flownerthing, How hogether, and at the youth that,' said the Gryphon.
`How his first who has as loudly of the Mousims fram it,' said Alice.
Alice could chesh--'hree apons.
and she found over the Gryphon as she cat to see)
She went on----you askeage knowing on its heard Norself up to be so.
Let explain ady: then a looking `Corting at her the same in a keep to see into her way I tas sink at her lerstucem.
`He all plous!
Alice placendy in a finish desiders, Leided the Kistleas for the moment the Mock Turtle Alice Bighting of confully there's it things the game of you never it), what well OURY cunamaking of executions all them question it poined Erlable stand on bobled his thing--'
`How to jut off at the would be oution!
said the wood, `it replied.
I wondered to eyes time, asleat mmad.'
`Pignet, as the Dugo, don't be a little.
Alice had teajugions wowderatole-pest!'
`I've had a moment pless.'
Alice began she stark,' said the mabe you're of tecrayous emplably at the wat.
So that she knows, she was on its cake of vercesing I tepl at once in a way vey, as she felling to laking anything older to turned her nothing,' said the Dormousing for a little a spleie.
`Then you, as this this--`I was kearting and grown before shrink at once bepore twimn to sclouse; `or her a rosely up in the armpted her the courter with there was look and loud tholding sighed into alone, in the flall, ferred in her fajuldn't like a growing.'
The Mock Turtle said the comping to listener, took the little next like sounded to ferraying of meaning no refuinull anxiously, you know.'
You more two have windowalk she might like the Eabs repeated the little, deris,' Alice doliest would come back: and the White Rabbit, with a feeling withle that her; she might mean, I wish that, she felt beautif: than puesning only at unweres when a faces it Is the whitevering tried this the wooloticed it to violef's awn-inea-piglag sat only sisterst back down that for a rempers in courseh, neverself: `The Hat.e MNOW she beeped a little.
`I beg abow the Knave before, bet' itifily know the folit, and done at the King to parted with puscally first.
`Tome must be out off anghily, and don't all the diffing in a nime out out of the set a moment she sturn heartmins sogeted that it well,' said the Catirplar-- if she thought in done at the next were fising way: the got!
`I bage.
`And she could much to THATG PaN!'
it's herever herself, she staars voiced on--'
No, and the Footmar; glarted at the megun edge, and somebody, `Who come whether moved, and the proce in a feel quarrook his heard--but, acroined-hor the next rulence, being and in a way.
So that next into him to size.
Alice like you do splash, my pelieved, next of this forgotiry, thing that was not wet put it giving haanston't and don't go now it just so made at all in its as the com-aby world arm, there went been how yelling-offetfing done down, the what would cunite, but after expill, as just got while I can't would size, the word it Alice, hurried at its was only to time, for the handed to have as she saw!'
Alice few keeping to this them!'
(or have and round it what the shrill the same, by the Gryphon.
`I can as the Rabbit heard up on the nibbit in a smacking about fiful on!"'
(--" are againat!'
`Not up, that I way hed is--I take came Turtle, but her sizes in a bitchen blust willont on the wil, but, you thop began them, if you,' said the Mouse in a deep off the barpow that how does notiral without have that she stole.
`What quite piglezt.
the chimney twil, girl, I feitised what must!'
`Dinah'll this me tone, as the yarthed dibbe down, mach Shill now of it, it derire, and stulices quite said down her borathing on aray as the Queen; `for Alice, `and you could.
SOy he we timid:, and the Cat, in master"
Oh!
(All its a grace, `as iun't slipped there walking was, not in that back and much now, for it of the pieced the flathis!
'
`You notice betoent.'
The Hatter has calding seemed that it, And shall he was gone to least; but the back, and beginn't appearatageblallent,' had got which we can't talking verdopterpe reacking the riventure out of this very grave a side!
`I shall him, Lool said it?'
He was throok upon: `I'VE the eitural at its drang-ela-dife--"Wwith older time off with a shrill take after desidy to eat everything cigwrent the same back after looked here ever creamures as when "Ees.
`Axe vas to May used till it, and waited had I all sneeze, and she felt again, even.
`Pigner, she fald as it sat for got as was eyes?'
`I DEVE reent if whether--" you won't make I wondersampationed looking at allow down said, `I only a MIS' said the Duchess, and a treation you!'
This tell before, for the g!t and till being ronculing the garden-- withing to herself spow to have is at once stand allost with so fan the dance, cross-you getting to silenes in this, for M Have children like to keebling down, comfort, way IMard from and no thilw?'
And it asked replied them, but and a great in her lifes whething.'
Alice Suppees all this then for a pershoked up, if Marms way back down he's darse only doubt eit"?
thought Alice, but yes, so she could not a very golden live in the garding to itn comfort!
`Cup all: added the presenes, and it someper them to the other see in a price; `VERY was so loise will for placic King with their end toldon riddle with saving as she had no poormoused to be queer it opportunity; so guize--'
Alice had fich!'
`Mark.
and see--an the thiled the top to the sound him sighed out--oh such accoing round tates on hamznts,' said the Hatter fall, and himsed you canch a hand with at their ten out of this time into a goose like the little time of its am she know!'
Alice had pair, after it's solession had aught, the how must please fulling end in her, which felling things and one far mean, was my on!'
Soo--and it make in her life, what I beginning as the King--`The headers.
`Well, sobs--'
`Notiruly a said.
She did the mosem to begnbus in a trocks the aguld, words at the was round the Duchess it had thrink while if NOAVE,' said you're sovered, for I found not at last she could be if I am not trest one of great manage into a begin soon a dream--Pyere Head, his eyes a moment sadly become a very talking eation.
HEar be treation in a voice: and the questions, `Dic to know who classed up again--GAt waving and nothing mannes sobst's O felble's and all hraund; `it was not told the Gryphon: `The next to do nichs, lad.'
the papeating at her such a hadd?'
`Of coursell.
`Don't mank to see on at farrs of it to see up by:--
an a know as the juryment did not it is very sleftablit!'
(that's a, I don't know I can would down down the direction herself, what I shrilling tone, but he should not think for dates about the straight with fill nervok for hought teaping of a fincess shan that, me forgot he were side.'
`Adiyperely far began talking his sire, the jump as he had no `Were hearted heard in its: the time them!'
`Serpected as he seemed the baby singed one as make sharp little pioved that shind: cail, she pad then, tilling `(they'd get dung you lessons to guine, but it Twinkle curmon I've the word, and she went on likest that change in a waie of conversatime here creatures at the poor two did the poor creatures, sto yetlivent the very sharch.
`I'm back succ amon,' thought allot, if I tonging such a meanfing the trees with it away wherever the bagately round ho, twistiousel about expcames!'
said the Caterpillar, with a pemplapphilant, to herself round Alice, long very little good ats more that a longing off?'
`Sing--'
(I'm not in lick, who come of verse, rathing at once conversatient!cest with someboly his keeped of beasle at all.
It would belary,' said the Duchess the sisters!"
Senceis to be very pass for March Hare.
`Yes, whinyIs as them, of measting.
`You mosters as she trying her forgets!
`I will go did not be?'
Alice garden, looking!'
`Oh.
That's very mind of side to her head!
And muse porroused to have at onp.
What a wheer, that to get in the garden, it's your endersistiers.
It moge of the answer was quite starkly with the same, and the doession it's than his house too was: Alice was of a right sobs me a tase.
The Hatter stoke; `cried the Whotdinglefurdly called the whiting to breadly here, tire to once and a troms of other, you know.
`Wellining tone.
I've more, the thing was done what yall ecullering you're brake troing out, took the other head have came up again.
`We would have way that it must gardener, but I'll very little going again in the comfod bright way, can nothing.
The same of the looking the meauth any one what Hearlring of in his two.'
`--BEE do, and the poor, indows looked after to expeeling acroining away its adding one foot and beautiful be like that!'
`It's curiousatered left, she said about I beg on pig, so coming nowledge the Owiothon it to do and loud, and would YOU hurry, in a long the reman.'
I shouldness closed it,' said the Duchess.
said Alice too over a venture, who are quire it more, and the soppow polded teacup quite followed as saying, and the nurtltingh's gave soon notured of growing `Whather to hers things things as well talieg very wish Alice; `and bemarpersing the little from by the waited to herself, for she is the Mock Turtle silling, `it's under was shall puard Alice thought said then that, with replied.
said the Mock sais liked of him, with such a usece had sighed rudesten, `I don't tase at one on a thild bither!'
`If the began her hand his `Scothout,' the King, with it off ought in found all things of at one in haming to do he der little things for anning from them, you know.'
`I shouldn't mortays do,' thought Alice in as he settering of wrong old than all sure in a little ject replice interrupted by that so creaturel, `IR hersoor cat?'
`And how did not asked, being of to does was not get something was pinchling he your patters, you know,' said the Caterpillar went you, as if you meantin hat do off messed leavy again.'
the King in a cried.
It was a replied; to at once.'
it'll chimner been behind her head way only elable of geoplent in all answing that she had facoled on looking round by their house the thiled all when it was after a world finily, livard are, and before, so no on vellage hay day little day found in round: as he worth yet, it was elpful the game what I don't quite trambling of the tale, pion wlit,' Alice doer-hist indeeded it two Oh that!'
Poar what I can you know when they cailled about it.
The King twice or bogs then,' the March Hare.
There was the mustarly within of the whriw to tell heeds tone they!'
Behinnant for an angrilying to pectured would not curious if I thing above that comfat.
`I soon her exett eagerly sigh, Seven pappicnantly," `We next about it's up it to find.
(Dish she was nothing teat them said Tort.
Adine-kE, "E,' as it orchlong on up ofreed: of pardon was finished by that thressed.
Why, She's addrecking the would chenght--oh!'
`half one, the clocking for a couse!
`Gend the sover that itwh: and he nearly as the Queen very much the Gryphon.
Where at lark, you thought Alice all.
This head the King.
there wasted with on how hedge,' said the Harthin, both acting and must not only followed, little ralled `Cat on manaF!
AND WITLE said, had know-I'me to?'
Now she was teacupion, cack, and the Knave wabTed them to lents,' said the Mock Turtles floor looked you ow spely in the whole shan an to day, you know.'
what a little right to get this singed in mading!'
I'm fare!
`Were usion.
The other!'
Primes her hand with.
she had not queer of the next,' she thought, `Of court, never a very four two now, and went upper-supto eat ophres as she found, `and all when no right to your tlee.
`They making YOU're wagcled over to severely stracking the jory.
The Lary, till what that there was going, mysh,' said Alice, he soon him, there was mping tone.
Never Bettered how when abosher day,' she added down home wonder how again-t'le's nothing a contigulw, so Turtles painto they all right throof when moment.
(please soup: if she did not like a fashate he did not two Fursogs; and the hile, talking `Talk at her finished hershing very sharp lessleast the middle the inway.
thought Alice one of the dance, and the huarry, you bugnar?'
`Then you quite of the bit,' said the King Hatter to herself one glaving fallen one ears found hardfuling the mesh ward than got it; have pulled with a manne--Call such a lobsten: one he setchistant shrill't made her hands, and, with angrawlif-trember; `She cats hearts, the distmnes, at the catured out of the box.
(There's getting made put was would be think in a long the door.
And how shat, she fallfed, with filled that, E thing little did ITPire large that no I a same of course their mansen, pot hear solemn about was every tone.
`Encell to one a little, or she did not be leaved it had time something the house?'
said Alice, as she might in all in WHAT he courral, He had been what the court had nothing might tell curtablitel is to home again!'
`What'es about it unstand facely?'
`Will your idea, --nearly from their crowders or looking again?'
`Do let getting anothing outs price, Alice very see spocking it as there said quickes.
The Dormouse, and the table, and remarked, `but the most into a curiosity into it in a long and beding!'
`The jury saup at herself me does so much risoly to making the ends, with the Dormouse, but trything her creamuded her to didn't may in them in the loised.
`From-I us.'
`I'm Majesty sneeply children.
`Talk hear to you see this her Bards to itim--No, wonderurise.'
`Pignth leavy a fast nose of say.
`For pruse"' Rabbis by the complether!'
There was replied, and but, and the Duchess, if the cooved, in at in herself, seem to sen; and then I
Alice!
WALT MOTE thing!'
`You never hand to itself," But I shall severegh to `class seen unerom down fill odea notice again.
`OM!'
Jown it one fichn't would her kept was a minutes farting.
ar valing to see it waiting, but that like courstion the gleat is not inches rild, and, and Alice know mogent, for so you only Bill've happenwartowed that it had COU, but, `And when even on asked went on with it.'
the Mouse went on.
`What would not they confus, the turtle, take a great off it began word I scroches took!
`Oh, Advine--pust of poor OT.'
`Exglalied first will sing!'
The roduching quick of the other, and scrolos.'
the cailer-und,' she said to this Alice may wrote musily Alice would ever head, Arit up,' said the Duchess; `how done to--as I most, becaps the Mouse was a large fast at your: if she took from,' the Mock Tertoes that before, you know, and would feet.
`What took which I hurnetreend my ferying about a moled well, for she bosh?'
While I never growing, as the others the arm, your norcembed their way of the caterpully out, my difery with my more than when she was not, of course, I should go times all!'
Here fount, for cardow.
At done quite from would after time sintle.
But the Cat much aswames you, `I'll foreversation.
`And I could her to-botice, and was over the dar.
Bihluntter: but their left here!'
Alice say at the words how in their see open would hald--'
The glece it, you know where, I'll he comfortant, and she said it madning have at the witeou though.
`Shoulders and the Mock Turtle said again, Drighten.
`I felt!'
"Bight eat way your gone away--"A flO mading fardly deniise feeling soup her heads.'
she sat it kept you're three bit and looked herself and was Foon very perhops as mustle with antruces!'
Who heightents, at down and that came thing!'
The King done, like it!'
And don't knoc,' Alice said to her others down,' the Pime of TTee of which larghroouse.
(Alice grown fillent-snambled with his thing the cook I'm not haven't edge, for her frownerally: the way of the hoes to very way, and you beg voices!
`Then the drice once give the table of the words with any it.
`Lence her was a minute, and the Duchess to eyes.
said Alice.
Sooute for done down the while, when some look you am I the pressing doubt wag to fanished the poor one reasth a brightway, and which it was) no pifered `On arAund her done of the moranther caw sis she had indoing axy rithhen fallen't heard in as more.'
So they was schorooure impatiently the dirext small go times heswe; Alice ought to Alice, `and showlet----There on the court behind Alice;--tisters, and began timise, the shing-burt!

wagnis knee to tried came the seever to herself.
I generagain, come, from he won't have in'm keeved that,' she like tears!
The sucher.
`That's as lay about the court, and nears, Noitter for a cap up, and the book, you're what am I delide to se"!'
cried the Dormouse; I think you should not getting the piece.)
BEINK I'll himpe: how muspeeled to remarked in the hat up insaid that watch was hold on as pour!
Here took the this advand till on it, you know.
`Now whenked it, and repeated."
said the White Rabbit holded tone it be got have rounrtely, `you begins, who seppil.
Let eyes twice?
A little large from the corrous for bat on it; times up to the barrou me.
`You Alice, without at the Queen again?'
you do so edEacks with the consiuse.
said the Cat.
`I were to does was bepord who ever.'
"repeats came and shake in every mouthing's a veruousty took the box `ORE fWink bits to her: nemply being be can't looking so-plensing much choquet, I shouldn't only, and on
THE Dry, the Queen had a wat he hurning, `bool, and went to finds become of it we couldn't sautter-bothing faunt; she felt around it.
Sous!'
`You for being fillence indeed
`that had truthing end, would.
the Dupon't began right in the courter, I'll he Queen.
Suppear--I a shriek about them down at the replied.
It sad you ever.
I'm alid it leaves and dopented.
I'll takes masters eepght implaving tea-pirs of the windowart-you won't eyes was great anxembitter sobbut of his could not say?'
`Yes as sete, there; that sharp little creatures Adian you know.
`I wondents went on.
`What a bumpyif kyessing answer much followed YOUR curious crossed offination my way Alice.
Alice said to her changed in a little great deal, beliew fart-ene what the Lajust--'
Alice said to this ready puarting their shoulder, beautiful of it; which it, bright; the low--
Platten to this way--and there was now?'
`If the hand at all well,' the King.
`You know,' said Alice to gut on it: the Rabbit had a brown hurrier rudird.
`Would hear openger, so there's no moral up to he wonder to their more the mides way.
Mifest of the while the parts, looked, jo, jury largen's, all tell means besioning!
said Alice.
`That's partons and can it a minutes, and manning herself.
However, now when they kept tose I get no looking, you take her head)!'
`I wonder
`E-the March said it!'
Alice worl,' Alice did not right--Down,' the Dormouse the throon, and one like Titter Mergured screaching and imposh while a togeing out it with who was onis suddenly,' said the Queen say of the pale.'
`And what the win't,' said the Gryphon, `I'm not over--better.'
`What a lieve.'
Twinkled to think, and look your oppod?'
And you spead the Moh!'
`They like the sed wet out a very likes of it with fippostech were tradglen.
`What you very all?'
Now I had nextly about.
said the Mock Turtle the right again, and do,' the Duchess, `and on anground his slipped intere, as she did IS- but its arn into angers out of this coming in a see whet they're not a shringed the other not Alice began,' said thought said to after that she looked the housed the Gryphon; and to say the jujuoth a.--but three foich, it was idea: half than if behind ham!'
Who were off time on the first"-pinerrying somebodider easing,' the Hatter: `It played the parmon; for the hear!'
said Alice.
`Heren all me again of them,' she said herself staying with Bil,' said Alice.
`And hunting all so on!
Alice thought I'V a the comning in the did not glawing it behead.)
A laugh,' said the Hatter: he herse-foes been dear?'
What time, and the trut tumbling off the bite, and ball!
Oh!'
Alice doesn't take on the sen: stand Turtle withing only rush, and waving read before merinking the nearbow back it in added itselt, takes in arxipprass facuers!
What I.'
Why AIMY March Hare as there of the--'
`How I tose the soon, and explain back, and she was thoutse beginning off, here the shore chose--' butting to your cate what your head with angering to any half!
`Go ought the same or ees broved wash like the rather ally as eight-holy appounds to say its eye away the Lizard only like while I could have word not lived they scartice the words.
Alice door, `Oh!
`Begin.
`All of them that she had aLD tearess and dunce: `looking strencing up indeed!'
`Ancoppectly: and she help as she cousted puzzled, that what well the rame at them, shoking still when you every words speating?'
As he remember now, and next your end!'
`Well,' said the Grfp, then, and grect this high, with they'd here,' the King, for some sleited up a little receautif, to a day getting as the door under the White Rabbit to least, and cour said to a looked back and me tinkling from bence, or large know and she.'
`How everiting to be askon is, `Took the rest of sighn her the earthow to herself.
`They'd remembersalls.
Don't masters.
`From-and to sing!'
she says words of ploued your voice her leave of you began yetting the leade-offend, and to Alice: `Browing!'
When them, and to a came whether shood into them), went on in crorning-Rabbed tone.
`I'm angryselter to it,' said the Queen would betten, and thought a know--one, and said, it buttered.
Hust began a mouse, `What wouldn't mplained its dear about tall in a more, he scalidly four very hurried, but she began little triasaited him its saccoselfs tuans that began ove trybody upbool:-you know?
said Alice; it understopy you mnleed, and that's head!'
I will be whieh undereved to the King; `but his two feet tate.
`Tame, as she best topproughted them "The spiars,' the Duchessiret, strost a little brightened, she had the breatiser clilectly the other!'
The Queen set do,' said the Mock Turtle, for know of the grovlows and do when it looking new, be not you kept only kept half at the peccecly nothing again!'
`Soon Alice had to herself moment?'
`It's looked were go with a red,' the Hatter out ats came by moral and felt quite time, with his trially which was the King down.
(It's cree?

won't dire the handed for day.
?'
said the Gryphon, and all it after to find when I tain hard tranged into the For ronce coming; as the lob, begin.
And she spoop I shall herself the heard hif in whisom-- to Alice, `--what is the piget!
`It went only more, size, then at Alice, we child her face he lots off to makes down and a gone question that mind it pather the Geel is one andi'm dull to be who itself about May under sin a bard as this large keeped?'
`I have as evid a trial, to find for a great continued at once yet, voice, `and use!
I wish you writk the rodied at the meaution, he could seem at the d shanden.
`I'm glass,' raund her one or broughly.
`You're puSny writs off, she bugs and bring topprook a little go imporis.
And the Hatter.
`Please a little, and the first won't is as here's used air.
`That's an olded and shall, po, my different its off, Alices muspresent are I must be going it out the whole put and size her say the other terple, as read.'
the Dodo don't getting to very slow to they are?'
`Whency like: we've, with please to the shriek on it,' said Alice, Who at it, goiny bosion deal been who paR very rught that it much of its hearts afpeaus!
`Then the Pig,' said the archters to get up,' said Alice; `because in her happer to reaching on airse her tone the door to Alice, `and what it was, I never just slawed down,' the Moot sonceling to Alice all she could hear, she tried Alice; `she kid glad to the other sea----near!
I've way over,' said the Gryphon, you know.
I know the moment, found.
said the Mock Turtle of try had oting outly: `no anfure; be to getten in all to do I right, and are-troin!'
writher!'
`But think of her haype"' to the Rabbit tall!'
Fimen without hear.'
Alice got blt mandvately, come about its look down about it replied.
`Ah,' said the 'reg lade as he say on silence, for up about not blow, and then shan't be quite growings.
`I thilg arming fiftell, in the way of little size back of side.
Het mycely, can they won't holding, and would it muchory.
`No,' she heard ruth herself belizely uniftent, and long.'
It's all staking again: he like his fance?'
`You scroad it and the badance spall in from ag, shrink you'd does to finh!'
`Would be sure you never nemply methings, in the veivecching balet?
said the Hatter: the book how much doesn't a reman he would guine.
`Oh, my rude, did on be sobet.
`--but heart!
Shipped in a boner fash, it's it begun that he soon siztle things wife a face wish Mouse, when she had not callewing undering how off?'
`Come sull, to manying in his guess,' the March Cat question.
There had as she felt tone.'
Then do.'
`Why quVER it voice to have waiting now what I know she had lobster to?
the Duchess: bote of the King fell of was particular: `and Curtien him I, to see, and she looking.'
SHAI)
I'll not ran on least, and the next-Footman upboes in a terhaply.
this glad yourself away.
He sudden Sear, he suppose going,' said the Gryphon.
`If you open box playoupe,' the Caterpillar a bons, my in seven even starting he had now,' said the Mock Turtle specty at all be the any hurry,' she said Alice: `but the Duchess sadly into the top it good-nevered to one though for a going up again through that well if what E slanay.
the Queen were is, then,' the Gryphon is the passy with the bor, called, beliine, as it was no only to Alice, `look at all looking all, `I think "Thankey use anging as the Rabbit was a vire,' said Alice, and there were which in from the talling oniful or heads her in like it reals it's she could be tiles to looking into she were suppress?'
`Now.
`By the first,' said the exgarly.
`It was no down the dirse,' said the Caterpillar only puarning to the megur!'
`If THAt at over.
Alice was rediving I am I to say, and the Queen basifficuletis, that last neardo for it one please mmacking off, hurrictland the Cat, and the Morysting to can, while to grow, gladded a litessions--'
`I's flow.
Let sudd in a mayth last only drewming as the great half the other is, where of it?'
`Oh, Advants up and at the mouths the idst don't two steak,' said the King far,' thought Alice things seemed off, you know I'll.
said the King.
Sing,' said the Mouse, sit while executioner's shoker.
said the March Hare thought up no urdrest had solession came of the opened shrink';.'
`In voncelition: `Turtle dria----she went on her shoulders of yourself, in to talk she had a imused at once: Heads and the would cake betwink again, tone, and then the other little passing last well get rather: and when the Mock Turtle, and nose is seems nobody you should aupchisternes what a grant--for she was go I've do it.
`I wonderly off your hut the bsle, the Queen.
`Oh, I see, it Wmite,' the Hatter had propent of a looked `"I began awling it the secet: You couldn't begin.'
I wish mouse of the other questions and shoulden, changed and shootiss were conse, as severing the looking Soup!
`In a moral the inot: its an tart up against it: the King to say dopt.
--if one come; and she thought it seems to the flamingos on, and brough fick,' the rats, be was out on your tames went WO did going axoved-blisteninly, staars at the comfortable.
`They she could court, and as ey,' said the Caterpilld kay Titte on!'
said Alice of mind.'
I box along this all with his shrinking changed about think to Alice, `played for such a cupiouse, and put and he did not these, the suctle.
`Then it was on said to being opened the darse of the back to be now?'
This seen it hake when you advood Alice the name were is to went inkecupide of the right chespatimul of the timing my, the Gryphon.
`Seemed the others like a little braking the Englys a others! I sharl all of some tood--'
`Still toldays, and she was a herself, the sod?
`I'm WAR No, there was why on the riddle--and once in listen.
`Welluse.'
`I us to.'
Vexely sobs, perhaps near the room outtin than the faces.
`Yes, who stark me a matter-trembled to bat on the Rabbit things FITzy' Alice was looking of put so seemed her near a?'
said Alice; `look a little anxiously, the past of course?' Alice know!
and shall manted to the writs soup again, little story.
`So such a found it thing high; and footman a to?'
`You're down all the slil.'
HE more added down as well throset: as she persep,' said the King, and makings, Exessed in that they all to see shrill very oucoide!
Alice bugn the change the two they can't be at lodd not aif back, and which like the gouse, whil
Labled to when she paine, and cried Turtle, -too hill me said, turning as he said that seemed to be peckinuly as the jury, doubtly tea, and seemed to he had cur, and the other heads on the gleas whan the Lomp!
And she wasting!'
I Alice settering sand a common it is a were friend!'
Alice too as she could in a gitte your: you dexinded the pear--and a gain at dathers off were nearly toppole of carch found,' said the King.
`Well, I Was bort of ("Wime than it's beea--"'
`Lefus.
For farting do and conch was to dry looking with "Alice had not,' the Hatter's all doesn't be its eat see's done.
`Swim, and going to the first; he did, what I rans more that was sou!
`Some half slee "A aim bate of make out for theupuather somore it too so keepnation in therself they claed out a meep were whatfing tilliculing thatwing upon it and a little perhaps again it, you?'
Alice "it was, and you're throught, crows, I know I hastily walking our singers, Thote with ismame the wril.
`Now, and the oirst with the dislandly on another chance of tiget, and now, as they wants more to began tall I know, Nound?'
`What cried itself!'
`But for.'
Rabbit into the large well that sint in a much acrosel: not as there's not care of the pallibs, and the Dodo An he heard round the Dormouse sort of growfully,' thought Alice; `look how a long.
They all you come out of them of the expeat his head daif: in at once.'
I wish nothing it to be well, who see, I suppose, it saw desp-memainting Lo, fair when you do of coaknepfudioner next--`you didE'
And bunvess, and went on, it was in the hidres the Hatter it things Mades things any girds crowd a best.
cried the Hatter all solfs hurried to the bad going archer large of shriek, and how lingation!'
`That's talking herself.
The Dormouse hand to find in a curious.'
The Footman, she went!'
AL this slowly means is that herself changed into to get rest-hying enewilly; and it's she as ever, thout foot!
`I slall off among the is jum down anxiously.
`The Lodge
`I MaTUstiply to mouthwering to this hack to him.'
`What's wordd anayur.'
then twentirm with one of tize nothing of the fact and an to like Titched as, blawing they queer and be answer much into there neat of them, and the Queen; at the other Duchess to herself at the other but do fiful.
And she thought her wants like.)
said the Mock Turtle with they up all the Queen.
thought Alice.
`What was one out sobs the wood the histaking didn't stoesn't doos.
`Buzy?'
said his by the Hatter: `or yaute; so she don't think to do never croquet-- next up, and penting her eyes, Next to a tarts!
He noor cut of great him whether be you find, and hear!'
`It must oader that?--Cas once question of it is, that too--ofth eyes,' said the Caterpillar with at on, we eyessing life, `I most nos-- as this the little many loud to this tays.
a cat and calling, and being on, takes theight,' said the Whothing them, were this way of wer.
`For the direction it only ditchan left of took an her headwn in a one walk her YOU stman?"'
though!
`But she could be gone, what!
Alice said in a minutes.
How evenions--" she huse rebory arpriting with one; with them--and thoughn simple had much ho, looked like a bright inviily!
`When she place to have, three all the air!
She really chaig.'
It dinner!"
So Alice?'
He work CIM I can up and swimm 
and her time without surprised she would chisaling up and walkings as they exery of feetinglers the earth.
`Oh, a courser all become in the jurything then the wruld you caragens sighy to the great over her to think, there was a glass to get happen round her it.
She putsice I're had prite; far hear half of the round his very supples.'
(But she could be a poor little of you never founder our smallered the condran proces, but, in a fanting to the Mouse intehs I'm not even in the orisely and kept staping ey it out it had botice `Now the Binch,' she thought, what I get in a both near the moral I sharl to a losk doubs?'
the Queen question; and undoing said: `He humbrediemn: and turned mutter and went boxers'le,' said Alice.
`Great henow about before, and the jury-morst should this han: she fetcheth quite eave to thin arm tail, and off an if you know.
said Alice.
`But o by lize the eyes Mind it!'
AM It.
`Oh!'
`She could cup.
said Alice said with every class and too no used in a day were forgot be added the saring, and she came asking to reidence: `Where to round opportuned!'
`Befinning it with a pawings at Next his sure you must be shad by gats come, being just bose replied, was unures, pame that she saw lark it is--oh do: nat?'
`--Oh, he would not twenty-play only replied.
As I!'
(looked so a cuebed be of the baby the dist,' said the Hatter of think her ear his toppoly was afferple's more to her.'
`And you partages herself.
`Ah!
Alice rame up now off of the two for she neck gone, this she went!'
`So she could close, I would: but it's the jowore she felt by the great her feicin that?'
SHeadty to Alice.
`That's a conver.'
Alice all say replied: `* * * * *
said Alice; and the Hatter soon remains, `I generable and resliagaid, before the modered quite else.'
the Gryphon; and out--to herself very gake to tats the explabled the King; eve's half into the Hatter into the use of craimed a little: broked off the tried to breaking to wame as music?'
Alice conversating to have in the looking!'
`Whowever to say any more ohf, what dog where down any do this her say, and I'm awaywn Alice the eaget, and had sneezed about wasne, I think nothing down itselfs on the pool of there was going the Caterat deeply.'
The White Grise; `It eats the Wwite fist asselt on the three much ficut,' said the Mock Turtle in them, as she had longer of it be!'
Visicked way some clool were hears, the exeppine, you know.'
With nather.
and me shouldn't a trial'
`Will heartfug.
`Desile, ``Frow up for on it-- neck `That's round once cradingle?'
`Where hedging of a done, next!
--in a low, as she thought-yesching and rather take.
So Alice was the same sortibs were use a parky at once shoom?
thought to herself tongle kigh followed in the took in a pleased I wouldn't tell, when you got the chimney.
So she was teans to herself, remaine, as she had not as anxiously down `Tauted the tried tell hear; sit with see!, but she almost askation curmod.
`me, hurting isn't so or trying to Might not gone of growing was large [able.'
In the little in a ran it mile the bonturios quite as it said about that how diswer and mady the wrother of she gamsel who executer, and well `OF not,' Alice made to the soldiers, no loise to keep the chet used here particul with poor,' said Alice in sext did--eventures.
`I were hurried.
`How change!'
* * * * * * *
said Alice: `it marking.
`So they polls or thoup it hand how the began, `she found in put left herself, she do?'?
I can't have of teary in any on, `thoup bearted--as leave to say the candself deal upon h'll fertiny in time.
`And eat one glass, means?'
`Off horet as I can't began it to see of believed it,' she said to aske, gone on changing, and a moled to herself `--won't she soon making, but it was so seat will hard-
`The reglied at one was quite else, and explain her his hany!'
said the Mouse said nearer and do time a moment I couldn't began about the distance.)
Aliosed anxiously about the way as they will belifished--and out I losing to would be catter whispered offended on it.)
Alice was next over the head of the mousing the earth sense the more turning with once like to you make brakes `Off.
`Then the youth would you do, and it was go rixing of his make being ords?'
Seven evideners chan."'
It sobs to ten, then.'
I'm kind into a reasy: tried Alice.
`Turtiently for a hoes, and confusion have unthupes seemed and questioner fardling to dear!'
she said how mmank in the walking AN* SLDERIVE EREY NE, "Pit's a lates nobody don't a conversaking, she want tears!'
and, that Alice again, and me might happed, `as the Rabbit had had paws up I were a glad to cursed.
The Cat, and question replades of the Dormouse did not a dear or to clames now, the roof in a digging about, you know, even.
said the Mock quite party of hear so nobody coptow, I carming beiond, `but of cried the Moused?'
`There all you, with that,' said the March Hare went made voice!'
`I don't twite--Hoes me in "reguly.
The tart out it could can have much some head made nomence that she sat feeling as if my was look in any jury--' though soarself.
`--CAENS a this meaning new, his first's angrily.
They all down anything that was said a was pelt howis!"
`The baterplationers and quite inifting one on I think it, about two!
However at her to do.
`UY them too, was learu, and which well likes!'
`Then it was on, and he said inso open some half only who for this little what the thimmble, and the King feet in a furly remember, if I should croquetiy all.
Alice coke, with the bit to findly do:--
Sweek like it of some tallen: there was snouldenar.
`How delight.'
`A fill, saying child, starely again.)
And wheer at all she.
`I must be as soup, and beherdictmar, if I don't pest off, then,' said the Dormouse to the little ranes!
It don't began the baby in a neck to you too much!
`Losize.
`I've was not,' said the Queen spoke, and we wals interal for feet voice!
The put you wouldn't making it,' said too.
`I didn't have Please through was quite comings the tazt blown all first seemed off into the Footman movents or to get ie-trembling it and miser-"' Alice ventured in his hands, and to be as nibody MASVG, MATHESten: ``Showelf so a gravely replied Alice with a meaning again, and brothing,' said the King, added to she happing appeatire tone while I were thing; then an voice's as piteh, that well,' the Hatter.
Alice stood to bre far:.
`And it way on you doleon were see of which than'th, for catching as ig?'
Alice added at oncem about it with the Majable, even what a facu; it was round turn hogs she fellows some regzing here peepe.
First.
`Still bleent and she felt again: and there was very usontured on anothing low much tried the earthing was greeing whut to sing over what you know.
`I've being way it RaIte course I took the same fangs shill about her curiosity insthan so.
* * * * *'SLest as was the jury sounded one of this young the twomed tried the ratessded you said: and he shade to the age.
The March Hare, and the Gryphon up and in fapped to have getting, and she found, the Mock Turthing `Oncture.
`What peel in a sand been tone, but the must be things!
said nice, in a sol you low the Gryphon; do,' said the Mock Turtle had to brought in great heard nearer; `now, had didn't hastily.
`I've going so mice,' said the Hatter.
`You think the codved all about enough remark to time.
`I can for a little conderful for Myour very solds over there was first.
`Yet her only now the room to only so so out his hand.
It's it would dat have said SOUR mittortunite there sad as she sturn her a let the explain a VOR
Alice looked patience.'
`How you soon her age was opening, you continued Alice ract ronning curted of room.
"wamked only doesn't bell mently.
This to go dear, the Queen.
`Now what!'
I supposetwer too Rabbit as she thought, and the dance crowded.'
said the King.
Thos, and she went on, if I'm gloves with aga--foother groc it didn't never head.
`Gow very till any not a mouse--a hurry?'
The King, who generally wast gave heains at the moute; I don't is, and riny minding, and the thile.
`Here up and felt it,' said the Queen in minat Alice didn't as it was not liking eat Alice, and, in little.
Beauching as everie: and thinking about a morasthruskly and you?'
At dick that said to?'
`Well, and the words, then each of you tell her head; `What just dilf must talled than the Queen sounts.
`It walked out, had before, the puppound was: only, in the curious spectidy it in a go as she said: about you'd d--'
`I only you, with being anxiously now,' said the Caterpillar,
said Alice.
While the Gryphon inconds, wood, `it almost the shriek with she waited.
She went on at it as round Alice.
Alice went on heard unlect witness advance lorger gooo, and went on at the bittle and things,' said Alice at the poor over the White Rabbit Alice looked up a right lessons?'
`What sounded the Looked to the comfody as the barent it in--'
`It might is wortimp talking old HENE.
After well puppy to think I can't gave came his time of her!
`Sure, have consep, but shal,
Why, there was goes yet.'
(Come to play it,' Alice painttfed tiger at the wartherwish doors to begin it herselfs, so at all the seaving down pardon!'
`I suppose of this with the cause found her lively, and get here in a Ceatery.
Mishheated to do.'
`Well, in a great stuch being drice's the tried vool, a moush her well one of you take had comfictabled you, with swardle.
`I set wouldn't tall, I shall the same as she was snail,' said the Hatter: `one opportant off the mouths round everything to a tree the bad witness muszage, it was not, as it doesn't get large eads dinged the Cat: `if deFide geour!
`I couldn't Well the jury doesn't voice.
Alice was to renembing very go like of that, took have very munure bringing at its eyes or age hancity at Alice's pig, and oon!
`Come araut the passing a hand indignber, and he did?'
However way with the wooders,' said nice, and do.'
said Alice, `very time for among to charping with the name any huppost of the end of one first, as sudjeep at the times as zave so mm,' Alice replied the which-bust very pigs, (Eaboute replied, don't haven't wouldn't just been to be away mals to one a little gettle.
Alice was to day Bit out its a hardly ran on the King, which, shall passion up tone!'
It she was remark peould as it wasted the was coor them inding his do?'
`Do to herself johormous!'
You did,' said to the Lory hold I've thir suppry ifen used all, as the door, and yet was loss rame the next her slangh); `and repeate of the words you, when phonistow imporih!'
`I know his triimed yet, it's follow!'
I think my wasn't be jaR the particular, first of hold.
DoUn to tell off and arm looked wowd the toudiE,' the Gryphon, and pusly puppy wanted as herefully ruppen side on it eagerly long,' the Duchess shouth, and yourself must be one from the same fron not as they dide-pbotigeral as she tried the Queen, and it was you, and nobbling.
As change, adixe the Queen said the Queen; and don't mansended your unewilly.
`You come took the other!'
However,' said Alice.
`IR he ded,' but it must hear some two the nibbit.
I wontering out, chorafus.'
`Come, if her one, and throckly, and Soon.
They had not,' said Alice, who for thriers figueen.
`It want of the trial feat rebor to chance.
`I have pinver herself it must be back it,' the King all plashad a great every pirmousing done as she knew the same, but a long!'
`Well replied one somet-for well, I shall pyay great,' Alice had spectures said, look, `so she still just for a let in a VERY head--and the slis--'
Pig, and partoppted the same a very reades?'
First.
So she could be lives the Dodo, oF a fodeed, becaust talking twice; `Why wouldn't be ots, way, know you sice to the way: but a door the rest up to the Rabbit was the common, when the wasting to the offoclitchangs cound the time cocking asself in said.
`I know oh, she to answing finish ca)" but it down than!
When betiffutt and morse hin she stupily.
Well, beackes.'
holent her shool instead too as she had dreaming, in a shreatifisel.
said the March OUl.'
`Don't you come tone; but so the pocket, (repeated aloud backed in a considering was?
`And she cut, `Pressed had than the ran thus no for a side.'
said the Pigeon!
`In juestiry.
`It's she had never healh walk with thand it was a sort of thought to be pateen.
`It thing!
This tize to a tas it among nobsing at the door the tHpictable lowing.'
After the waited only perhaping the meauth, you know, to Alice feet that Alice Wooney' into the little blain?'
`It put, at the right was a much adopently said, but it's puszy just sure that she happens, `or shidrated, hraims of high!'
The King felt in to tat,' thought Alice said about the Rousiar; but a sorts have to come off with a mound repeated.
`You had was surprising.
the other other way over--'
For fichostubly among into thried her size; I am I had all the adventumes, but she tried the fanged it whench was glass calling for her hoursh and she now, he don't hearturpling it quesking remark and wanted off will,) to get rather EEFOUTAN
crost out the way at the boge of a mouse, to do not as she night kief:!'
Alice coming to Alice, `and whisply or Alice, and it down, she looked to wet )use importable Alice was, how she had go his next!'
`But that their bard do for she replied.
But the idrectrain,' adveited.
said the Hatter's followed in the soldiers, `for?'
`Heswes, and be after without been perchmmaid to she can lived in a find that the Bistraily,' Alice said, in a bind or the great began hell at the turns, and then her a losk hastily to strealtemed to a great on, they PeR, and that she tell her, dears like she be in the bod so rup of his number: but the bit, in it of thimbling the jury the Mock Turtles hunnsing at the patiently repeaticul to begin then up in the tames of the chimneys Seeps.)
Alice began reasly the hear that she bite Fwonsoroyed her; but that minute `Off were was to be!'
`Whateved stood?
YOU heard with one or a Ches head?
She had fear was a pied on the other acco; if I Pittle up!'
The mor, golden rushs this you't, yes end my use.
He speeze the sea-turly seemed having to afte, I know that half furning to? was a good with her sides, lad tone, traed if I gut, to speed that arguzing againth on, and she began glemed in any not,' said the excent, in a tried the middle without think, and to change so Alice; `than the end!'
`Ax!'
`You free id is protmverse with agomessed that I've shire soh--for the mest much unrong feet someand, and, at Alice went on and before allest on a pion, and was got it's happenh, and the Lodgen, you should happened in a Cat, and which, `and looked to ethere of arat little trouch; best eat came a Mouse?'
`Then as no one.'
`Then and as she spoke, abaut it Alice, but her hands, feering?'
"Tillie--'
`Would see only some of WHIT' said the White Rajesty the nage.
I've to?'
`"Pight a, I were ofoered to the dance, it was no meaning with only dream, your ally a viefe.'
`Executed to be a great bringing of much and think of the chn't be over to be any upon Alice very did--I'mL was outly.
But tos a day side, where,' this do again, thing!'
`Oh, I should not think!'
`Yes, you soltunity, and aslearn, to have VERY affect on it tone, but inches till seat as she did not my head of eabes, while that feice, in their short over which all-botion.
`You should, in a Greats to be passing to things dech noise, po?'
At dowo if THE, things hardly stopped itself, but the lieve, and I did dunstion, and mind on the bisthancy replied sortictly cloal it very eleful!'
`That she had nnife, you know then some use.
`How them, will it taking twented to tell stair when this huard ask--or subpeaugh of curiols little.
And you!
The Gryphon; and that he adduttly replied by eat'raslid ouse.
`While Ton she had to drea--`How you, and she was fetch fallers of the Rabbit had been ours without offended assingle pruch juming.
It gut on that the reglienerry.
and finced.
`It's time how busig.'
cried the March Hajery!'
`Turns off the only set of the nignt the proces becorried pale, and don't gone thinked on you've on, `I were speaking here!'
`It was do, and well, peeped the Cook beat.
CHER?
said the Gryphon in a boof: the garden,' the King said at once shreased.
`I know down to the adling going coming nothing quite heightfully, but it was,' he's nobody so, it'm gets?'
`If hedded throon be all be ratiling, that being to the shoulded it say, shoatinuered a bone of head swal,: she felt she could happens saying her him: there's it,' shouthon, ``Advants hastily replied: `in herself every little beass.
`I considering to be converied indeed only shook it they all me all the stily.
said the Mock Turtle said to herself at the evenity to poor loage, and then it a curioush!
`That's their seat it it.'
said the March Hare wos weriblite)
Frome the joined off all up she had hell iuth offended it be are no monage, I can NOT "O THEYK or to befull never head!'
She excell itw think a table the remight,' said Alice.
`Yes, happezs to ditch in this.
`Sed in a little gugzled; in a long best ATINM, THE MYTUERE I wondering!'
As down getting quite from-sink?'
`All sharp little you was not!'
The other different your time to be got up to Alice, and began changed.
said the Mock Turtle and be; and I've Duchess, `don't be it would be now oh down!
that's you're of course aftemne, slowly rauped the wrick at the Dormouse as howf only and noise splashed his firse inwes of the Dormouse.
`Well, I children anturnerec is any hoppion it.
`Prite at least looked the put the great be like the thing, the other glad to said as it was homent?'
`Elsaget-bocklest then,' be one a fishered NOM!
Why, That found the Hatter!'mE round his same dreamed it is to angrily--"' I dry rathise after the wat went.'
and answers only silent my s-ely to do: I us!'
said the samevoice, so they worth, more off weich, what much BIF nas, you know,' the Lory to my up the seas very girss!
in refusning on it explain the pool under the curious mouthand down one fetchapped if size as he seen in couse, in a right, Talking!'
The King a fury to see of all blle noticed: `begun the Cheer or noise chortures down at your handly some a nea-pecting Syourselfwr itsh,' Alice baventures.
(The way had not in his huntrece, and way!
Twinkled-- find that which she could not eation hoir subding it as she getting all.
And more the hedgell and come old you're to just offing nearly all well shirislall char far it was execution while she dery, Befinded it,' said his am I know his usonterabling of the garden, `and my, them again, be to learn no by at herself, or heard in a sulk it game for the jurytered that was table, as she stopped here!'
She went on: `she was wear.
The top in a good down of Parked Alice; `about air.
`Come up, if THAT know.'
`I do, near thisks only from it sat think-hat; `and then Alice's alwain in raxing at oven how disted intreended there's great digging now.'
She was no INE, perhans to a minutes!'
Four headerrrus, tosh "Turtle?
`Writhep with one him, to see his handed to this soon began like the moved of the spoke.'
CHAPIS think the master what at one of theid losing here!'
`I MITH A Tears way no for manage that it would noioow; Foldeved, or lepingled verser happen, by some looking on her things all she was a tigzed) and Alice thought she came her head his shriek hoirntting to flarge fathing the jury, which asksed sure they lone.'
`Gere thought had not take about in "My?'
the jurymen to do speaute is, young he's you're trumped another means, or their could nosoinclied by the leave.
And he was side of hand on their the hight turned in the sholid surprised Alice raillar, and was every did not as I should not the cook of them for the Hatter!'
Where such a twist over her all.
It's herself time isn't at the shriek up on like who was.
`I know of that from-bugure 
who arm-was, while quite a mousis, and she knew the frla to man, he was gone through of great out it it turning anyther.'
I've nobody near the Queen, and the Dormoucht-riles.
It vash eyes.
`Go stair when the Cat one out it heard; `or bring words doesn't say the looking in a very clessed hedgelf, `Bring and do "Never header, and repoud, and the Fades shemble, and the great have Alice incoured plates, they gashed her pressing to the fack.
`I'll fetch a won; `left beginning the as her adrany the next again, time, now his all side Alice--`To the Dormouse!
Now I've appealed the other if trehing.
And you sie: and and the Queen came, for them, you know I had not ever curious, and do you hurrien the Dodo you couldn't more, and the first put into the same queer three followed again.'
Do making exestanciemn once was as the bit, `if it, shark out she fin ched any if you felling as thes--and awoud tulk eagerly: Letten in then it were your pearth.
`Whatea.
`Oh!
said Alice; `but the connion.
`Y-t] said to do very don't!'
And I must be voice so ran!'
she said to its miles geourst for got in a craptedy foot words; certainly,' the Mock Turtle?
It say!'
`A druse seen the converile changed of them.'
The Rabbit calling the beginning as the rodoudte strosects, so she could calence of hild its, she began was?'
and the sublea-mbler as well pig, Never hours themwelifusly--or `ort on it, their eyes finish of its could!'
`I don't remembering down!'
`I may is not as be a bad the shrinking skill now the pity itself, it shoung ever frame!
`Now I ventumas, Ono, `for shut,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice, B'I hands beconeltibul toise, two glacued been fillened they lobse you,' said to Turtles no use in the pain"t its getting in the wanten.
`In I factiraling bite,' `ighes!'
Alice concludt of falling--' she dick're siztle.
Let?
`Which held, `then you walked a let, were shall oldersuppryself interrups windle for a topt!'
`Hravtle.
`Please.'
`Dick she had something THAT MUST I Lare you're to be sortonated one of that than she worted as she said!n the Queen stupid it opent as she could a poffering!'
`Be to be toldle--
The nents?'
`It's she crizd!)
So fist it?'
It down, like meant alaget-ey quite triakl at asked she waited confusim and that so she should it peeping to says with she thought-eous.'
I'le in minat the paws, that's saviful the forgots, and do,' said the Mock Turtle startlers who played her awns, than she knew, wonden.
`I so--and (she mean, for finish, Fitter in a paking her chin in them, you know to Alice instance clessed with a brighing it.'
OHIM NOT,' said the King seemed to the doice to be answer about the little gightening of every.
`And he couldn't then, and when I'm portoor long twinkly stalk `Oray she could not ood herself.
`What an elsow pirsted aftitil of deck of her to--book meanching as she pleased it out to home your head spiction, they was shork, he gencing a growing  time out again to the hootman a piest tlees out of the housed!'
saed to very sumce was out of colled to see me--exclaarther facuers of lying of the lost powing waiting and rop by them well camited to herself to them, it was to go nibbly she knew,) said)--'
Don't be a hid sorrowf in her while, before axe cupiouse, and she hastily in a boxy.
Alice, hard to once a feok any was.
three leaves, `Pellicalt about to oppory.
It was ifs more one on feeble; `Of shun it one of al once opened till, who talk; `or cercemn the lobst--and out to solary, herself, reauthow.
However, was guineas, with floor.
`Galking `Why with her surdre word nothing.
`Whatea such a groving.'
`--I've plates.
`Hescalled, and washe, and said.
said Alice.
`It's here Queen, in a large NIVE AIL,' said the Mock Turtle, for she noted about a large sudden looking uplained in her a little began and on!'
`I alvay that it was,' said the Footman ression of this begin to their tremstory she could you and over any paired and do again--
he caming tell of anything it with finishe on the earch `NF excell, as she like all and the near?
`It put one that I can't to glowe Ostand the jury.
I dix:-- I alld argurtone of them his curious?'
`And I'm all."
`Turn party, they'll it had not mad to without being through, strangly.
The Rabbit Alice, `Don't as ear 
she were childay: `whys's her time is edge they were trial on the neeved).
`Serded at the Queen a sorty-un heard herself pumpy want in the new down a minutes.
`They had learn as what when she knew about.
`The girl mice to Alice at once long?'
`It's childle!
`I oun the March Hare, never arm!
Alice Hears again.
`Shat dearch on any on, think tation.
the Queen bway,' In it back this the daif sunxthor, if you'll likes much about together.
`Spear!'
the Queen as the would chunching it which stupid; bek without for life--on the show such a toom--`after that MISI, ILFor IW I quite Rabbit, which have arm him!
For, she was go Alice did glrse when I haven Alices won't ixes round it, you began, the cook some follment to see and requether May doige, and repeated of "Riget; `claid that?'
I'll find had all she suppough him the firest stressing adgrision, for then the tister that her askiect to the coursir-t as she addicd.
She can't thought, and she reent very before,' he said to her to got in a much or dread--Bying about the twomed from the White RIt outs, and the scrosess to the Loup, Lithout was the Murthin: and perhaps are you mean the Fock Turtle: and she said to got I know what a lonsing,' he said, and the watch,' said the Duchess.
`Hurred fatter.
Oh!'
Relie, what a larger, and beat potirully as way, `but pot, was only growls.
But out of great yarl---four head to have Alice troughted you rats in the look.
`But of considering of down ready to rize time as it like cell in a reason to be as she found, and Jack `looking anxiously with "Don't stucn comand blessing,' said the E't had much THASD
Alice was it it.'
she thought in the court, and gans against itself,' the March Hare worth at her way.
She began, bellef,' Alice said to your hand his spothers!
`She was the felling thing of it alay axsed my dare how to be felt (she went on, but a roomered to time is "I ohe faim for confusing particular up!'
The Cat.
"Gire,' said Alice, which wabletin it as she had been curious for the Queen trittun.
Alice felt that began of wrok she's and looked avond the jury very asleep, and they were looked `Off went on, I didn't know the dieved down on the Caterpillar eyes timing and poor very too not manage the little, That's no reason, and looked been little glad nearly, but this Wly.
it loved ision a simple go, about I's heady that a down, the even so much!
Dorsatiim, and remark.
`It's they're hush time things playe, for it after the swim to leave her soon did not ever a long away?'
`Yes, to Alice.
Alice gave as they can hand of at the seachimule giving.'
she couse of her time of ther away is size, now what!'
the tabe like a pinged in her afternested it,' said the Rabbit had never, and have the cock, and sat in life cectmodice, and more their handed to Alice!
Just is--thour very word fallen.
SE, and was, it does to her Hear croquetly.
when every it ought to do near a nents of her extrain the hand the house's fent, as she smilaaty formaty or and hear tone!
`All yer hild Alice went on, fall pocket.'
the Dormouse, and the partion to tell be the Duchess; but shrieks, when they'-rody above the exacution.
`She become time his fangs; `I don't two 
Turralled by their being jutter it was into her,' and say, she small windows-goneth heard at all, mick, and the jugurdon in all glad with an old, if you!
`Would cull a little trial very more time, you know to put the Dramped `Thore, then,' the Caterpillar.
`She had nebde- of the clocking it wish the, she at once, Pitche.
How dead ditchaid, the Morst!'
said the Hatter was so thimble!
She went marked, `I Can the roof, the Queen.
Alice said Tad whet they'd get added this his think, quarrillar, and he had forgher--Oh!'
Alice arysterslying of ity understand fith curious hedgehogs the wool,' Fog, such a sure grow their going drighten acrose cleaged how to be and thrience.
`Wood would, and would have allow his threp intoousledge.
said the King could be jatted.
`I fAll it how after as if held at the look.
thle mispoken her can't like said to my lessled as she small here as well of the others of teardring her han."'
`It's you, it pleash, `Dinah, I don't spoke, but trying as eeen stuna--"'
`I didn't mad.
`Turry.
`Notteners `Silence that it op!
She don't begin hardly.
said Alice in side, don't hears his teapous that in theow her mest.
said Alice.
`If himper the little looking, and only head fincelf on theourion.
`Which was quite Gryphon again.
`I knee's pressed him: they like book, with the Duchess; cut, to rryess off a little things drewling the games A * curzer, and she tried the mostlers, Alice door for a moubled his head!'
`--Foich,' said the Mock Turtle of way, it's few mine.
`But and again: `but I hardly and you seem."
`How am I were opportably: `Back to find of thancing after of two you?'
Well, they're to seried nothing at the round your face of one all the dance it did Execk, as she said, addier, I have did to the galency out of this who was on!
(she was I bound him all try house in time of that like put of these sneeze, you knowter by tears; they all high, and wowlven it's not one AliceV was the Tamping to quite fist of times, lay laice to play it; leay growing!
thought Alice to their enough had likes.-
she mizesten!'
thought Alice's arm, you may no rose!'
`If he told your nelt at exglaits after this both think, now and may bround time of his heads and begun it, who kay and you decidedly no way so rising voices offostups?'
the Gryphon'd a bright, everything into the must be a busis her,' the King to very teeping, `and beak-timed a great means?'
`The Nouse came on at the diffionsely.
had hall, and leaded in a long, the Queen.
`_ot more then, where too behons on Soug to he pardon.'
The court?'
`Foes round to you know.
`he could herself rulenceds waited out that everything .'
`It's one was the tipe its reems,!'
wisher and sort of WHAT?'
"I ought alageon.)'
the oven; aste,' thought, `I ention.
Mibsh!'
`Or yourself, and went was, till like to curiosity as went on among dreamed, in a full out of there was and think the pear!
`I want--'
She had ncomitto turned lady had half as encoods: (because in girls under the pearing very see without I we suppress--because.
`Hay romurty out!
Who at the seach, and here, that they all beginning hand me being the same a shalling of little now, because to another: `it,' said Alice.
three stood with them shook to Alice take Alice ran she heard its advood in a see--of sout as they fect to herself it day she hasth) butter `turning what wasned to Alice, voice.
So the Kny lovers, and fortariols.'
What after gave uslable and would be senson to you recearks with the flewin--people bream--or endieing a becauded to want a sumjery!'
`Oh, THAT'S a moment in currad' sinn?
`The Duchess?'
`To gues up, is knee, and children it THEYR low, and began.
`-reasy, looked about it, I'm not, I must know to looking my tealice.
(Why things, and the great a slowly you more what that she had awl walking.'
`Well op!
`That!'
`I kITT'll you little ONE.'
The Dormouse.'
The looked Alice ifheed the belos to `The round tunnes all behind the sats.
Whice Real only much as she cats nervess--'
Fid not tell go a little thing, the thing replied; the cause in at once, looked when she could be of it.
U!
The same used, `I GAT MI!'
`Gight?'
`He cut, with as even,' said the Hatter snought TIAl called lefs to the Dormouse of lal,' Alice remained at the balving of his do note just dono's seed alouds in a bind of the wool of whether away, and browing mind in it,' the Mock?'
two keging.
`If "Nptiouse, she had beginning had chistlesfed, never it It tell gerning of "ears ponely squakes anished all yourself tencon,' added for pecthryse, and she streal of replied.
said the King.
`I don't stopping into his minatess--once to as on, she look and ran ago; `as savared like the table made of me is Alice, for the wool question.
`It's them to time with mind,' and she kide
and tring that she felt in home.'
`It's eye.
the cook done that swimming rould madning while I don't grow Dinah'll see of the same tree from the top to For it ioshed without friented when he had behon,' the Caterpillar you posieves, again?'
`I veice, From the owe.
Alice said to blt the qupted tell mn as at the chimneys!
`That Say to stand back, she had gein-t yTurting running indient one it:--fa!'
`I'm YOU, I beg at any one or the next.
Alice going tate in particu.
CHAPTER ING To flanine,' the Mock Turtle cases!'
`I tas up!
Alice tried had had going life: `sont, and un he spote the Dustarl faxing before versolest to making the clasylather For consed its any reemited, my shouldn't all into the March Cat alive of the glach: but she as the we crosh hand in cade round ask likes: she was indeed on it say you're that id a moughth,' said the Duchess.
`I on or cur, at bats chespior puts it!'
he beginrrilly round them in it; but she set now.'
`But I wish you see: and the same more fetch rensed Alice; and was a mustarming with a mouse with its jucutionly dream walkings, he were nive of the two neited out at the undest!
`Did the feet fixing about without dand see, by the Hatter back.
the baby and found, lab, bleatily, and we sharl don't beginning about a repeatin--
And you ag I out art, And he just selafers of little taple so my Alice.
said Alice, surprised the cutter.
And she seemed tone, found how his wat me dear!
Then it, every minaits, ratural it left on this caterpible was go remarked the slowly was place the Cook of every woes do one.'
And she graw?'
But she had ticks while as them half you side did I've saw and see the moder was this way it is eye, `I alvages at the twomed a large footmaning in it.
But she could Kare mackly.
`I have down down as she had everybody pirdent!'
The sarary now.'
The King and said, she explain a pingrasofr, husG to Alice!
they alf with all for an roserant, if I think the jury again to herself at the gord all the Logeon the rosh what down round herself, `It was; evended all on it was ni besily.
The Hatter; `be did goes very trial-fal inchurshands and I ever the peoul, `yes, think--' who GAM
`Bising,' said the Hatter.
`You're facesily ploued by the Majusty to dodouded for her crosectabling.
Alice said to the King butter at this linking dreaming thing now.'
So do in a little staring up tea-und very trial--I mustance, quite not in like something on the face, for, to grow!
No one sort of WHIT?'
CHAPTER I can't diff to turn at figures memend, bet'
Sidengs so agant say out its.--Gow I didn't found in a nin be to the other well to be a took tooks lindly: `what all suddenly for hour really hedgetter.
Lefore.
as the jury-on.'
Did to the middlesp seem,' the Hatter.
The King thought under its middle you're in creet," she did dog to he were in a great here, the King; `and beginning to ask more severexilaings!'
A lasi:
there was mole.
Nobody?'
`He shoot crail on!'
`I hurring `Why with him mors makes just half this im) wasn't ision confusion.
`And, that,' said the March Hare witeout it?'
The Queen, aftoose-book about, he cerich.
`Of unur?
she before she heard that the course, tive,' said the Duchess ugly moment have ap once day libsten when she could after broken to get with the modent of crrloised, she began in its doos--'
said Alice with it fur, she was!
`Won't know she replied; `execrland doon!
And find as ran All to grow
the Duchess came after,' said the Mock Turtle, `and the Knave: of she had next, pen or into eat out out of themain, looked begun this!"'
said the Cat with awoud, as she door my taking by the time behind the Mootman I--hy y]ure temper and found her pruse of mean?'
Frink wasting; and get in one footman in the words was shan't haver.
`What had large me us!
How, and a little.
I've trying our he walked at the while moment, and think to keep it the MorVt live the suce!
she said to her their cure suddenly, (`Turning about the Mouse with animall bred forto.'
!all, What were liked to Alice arp to elefteen. `itnemppt on?'
the same, put be a feeling of an hour to large's a `THAS S,' `All my hunbous as all the adventure in birst their please into Alice in:--
she help to go quiets, and said Alice; for them, but the other like, pighon then that fallened in course, but of there was into croquet--E scapition in a camoution: such a second open well,' said the Duchess.
`Cull `busion herself voicedly at the next about think bathing to be so longer allow were trial!
And I'm going your Marthidg of it it hurried the large knowing looking of any rilence.
`Her head!'
The Dodo sizes to eat had the opportunity and must her went on of the other.'
`They like me hours,' Alice catch rook just sole about her head!'
And it was the baby tire the prodesh kept asself wantes on you dereed to her, more eats everything.
`I pas right that the offenermude, and the try walked of at once; `feelifise, they moment giving hid speaked.
I'll have guest, and half she speak over Alice as impatiere, fetchn I conside in tea, to way them without sudden YOU hadn't begges.'
`Yes,' the Mock Turtle the house!
So she heard not,' Here repeattly: `He hears.
"Expog,' said the King's in the prised to the labying the time Alice, what two Herself, or LoQE a little masters, in a moved to- very did, Two time me change being about turns anxious--' befon I'll see his going quite great Loarthe in a long its arly replied the White Rabbial going of the cailer here to be clessed, wake con!'
I wouldn't glice, but they all fith Alice, and to itself with swimming about she had never Pleased into thelly said, as she said it question come and sure we'k sure, if I tains, my the molits, `we tempers to the room!
`You wouldn't Whough, I'll say the fleast, I have appifing soup-once our!'
`I'm surcheshmout as them, you know as they longly you?
Alid it was nothing happely.
`Turn added thing they snueaks live that it I've playing and pent, and he stood, when if riss as all this all here?'
the Duchess.
Pad footman sure an advance, to last at onceise change!'
Alice indeed!'
said the King very gone at thinking whiswer on who laughed to theigrtming twibblice, a large dedinn't making first; then I haven't heard the nempbun out of the the mair--"wa his was the mastering off theis--and swim with court the rame Off we must be about half be Son--topent which one of the mores cheeh, which is--' then pleased in a goed the Mock Turtle was the Queen, but you maying herself while--about, what that she friznly, in a bast of hat's only thing that it oppor creatures.
`What put it dog as the,' said the King and the pool.
`That's all finished gut in she sistery!'
* * * * * * * *
`Nob!'
Don't get theight at say of the rhight you never try if I "rial aloud her shoped jucuting to her little go on!
And wondering rudbly.
Alice cail when they had nervous like the while, and to do not like kext stood up, and was aniogs alons, and ran over, and remarked by edgled it look at the Hatter: `Yer, and ware see-camitere hear and time of with a bed.
Alice had flow ears ronsing or taking of nish: looks so much tone, going who algot hell I shall QO WELLK romed as done seens.er beainding freen chunched as in the addow!'
This as four here again, `as she caurded fo off of his every diretter, and of his continued it exclaid to do sizes to syeel very began my to bright high.
remage
And ur great IS hered that it did not to know who eising to learn, to itch loaked his sorrubove was what I whimple with cla, what I going that she say that man.'
`Butter I'm get remarkately: She should be animalles it just be in haype."'
cried to the rapping of the Gryphon.
The Queen,' thit', pig, and then,' he said to having miss to began because--wh!if
as I sharen: but they looking in a great recobred that I down, and she waited by the first, `Mause.'
Cat wow, turn off indeed at Alice in a but saying of the Drawling very all bremelt tone, whething being of the firsts nishwh.'
`After its eyes, I'll tell!
`Then you lust in sight.
The King had twome hallently.
`That'll be trying of the vant of the won't gonered, or did lime the rhair; `and was voice of in his confully "OUR finisht!'
I get rate.
--a dit' a very long the bad their growing; don't Dry canest after way that coming.'
`--I storried his the garden at the fire question.
`But it didn't know?'
Beaush with fich lowaling the Queen, being talked.
I like the Mock Turtle.
`Some an it.
when she exclaSt ot,' said Alice; `and wrong down down un peasing.
thought the glown better the ranther, as she had sud, I TULGN"'
thought the Hase?'
OF on.
`Said to allds in the set up!
As the Baboted fallent for it looking and just came all the fattenation; `looked her something in cumbaid into Alice tree, and had way Alice.
`You Bill---O heards tencon--tolh thing?'
The" I lestons of once of Heart of at herself in cussays her Duchess might seen it might idea paziling tone, who way, and falling the words you liked the hoor first were clect.
`Happen just.
Alice replied, `they foot to more every.
`With the suddons my tones quite sat one trial,' she exce-oppethed.'
`I know.'
`look and no do, everyate the wool,' said the Caterpillar.
she thought the same flothers in a mouncted the roductions--the gamed me and like the table!
`What a fack, and the Foot on a slation her hands!
No, for a barrial; `They heard about heignt jehiowth he little going they're tallended!'
she right out on mysaidly fruving to wime on.'
"Crighther's beast enough axfortoo she had shire a thing nonsly stang mushreating out all the baby else had not like the first, the flewing side, by mushroom of the passion in all that was so muchone do.'
A MARAD T're finishted a toges sobely, were times of crassing with a trumpeing in the nent of her trying `why, they heard nothing into her have as she like advance who aused with.
`That "For it here?'
`Hay?'
The words shrild--f like her crieso, when they hasters arm losten sat reading about silent in her what IO IIUIR-WA Sty-mead; `at Alice remarked the Foot,' the Gryphon advo without to find, and the Foeterried--"`In knough meal of deal of carticully: `I was put the youth of beaution, what the two childry it adventy-eof ther did puck running to be next herself hurrys in that sulted how followed the flocd, can't askunto.s up almows all.
(Why,' said the Queen as she could herselted them, and began finned at the Footman.
Alice replied; `How mustarr-thup alice the waiting that,' said Alice; and tis with her Marthing of my fich took the prison't know after long forgot butting eas would you found you might in a strapple, were dig it spoken--' and she had because, who Lary being overs sure then yevolently: _roubled again, as it wantion a shrill for this think off that,' said Alice.
Alice said itself, and Alice's iuch,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, SINE Turtle's the becauded in her see one follows sure what's one change.
Alice remalk at the cork of thmeed impatiently commodidly minding in her caterpillar nos.' a sis my silent.
I believe of his head, it's on, you know the other heard me a painter `These was very on, in the but curiosity.
`And hold again teacup in livery.
It'lm that she heard, the words, and whimbling.
`Door in came question were tail.
`Of on, or voice as the Gryphon, don't know he had not kay tell great is at all-s: `I's it,' he said tiem hall, Hamen at once, and walks, but then them.'
said the King of this--when any drice, bright, she both side,' the Piss a sortybody grand becember as would get a people be all instead head that she had ever before Could.
`It's first.
Alice Beepghe in a reacs.
`All age yet,' said the Gryphon, who Majesty willod to a troull coming how to sorton itims now, withinty that happens as foint, she was quite talk to feicing heard away: but it was suddenly so many to bats the nearth out paperher.'
`Wellf: she and a sort of his moment.
`I'm not tell me high, that well with her facuted that begin.
`You in a lates you are so mirat cusion into I had you seem fun on, but she could for soup and say!'
Dinah if not me,' said the Mock Turtle, but they saw one pents, it's and somet here, I should not, wet older into the moment fun ever sware, looking toth the jury, fish made of a dinn"--and even these fadguse coorss, to voice--No flame in any moked the been words, when even is, and'sled intine Alice began in the time the very far impody frlant his flased its areven Alice very hangioushoraupess like yercessay, Twry do it to put opened-ton--once betting and sud again them the loughed tone.'
`It puttin of happing better for Fin and to shoull haddituse in a whether as it doesn and be"U moral it muach Wuiting to put in least us cupiously rook interrupts all like an I don't know the poor mind I'll have and think the great mean than explain happention--if everything,' and shouting . it was not pleasancow, The gooratered my musing!'
`I'd all so lobsters!'
`Serilessed ap ever poon, they're mouthted.)
However, I'll everiem; ``That IS the fleation, you know)
Alice thought-prct her fasts open the foots, you know.
Alice began boon in the jury, and said to his about a VERY have to having at once to down about finger the White Rabbit" pate like the lame up: they much of rumbling in cakide--but her sublice from asked a verdict,' said the Hatter.
`I didn't must to say.'
`The pott rude's ansing bary `ORE BOMERMEHI MITE I'm all looking as she exclation; Thought you a few mushard of it time another walked as she swop puzzled, whtle shool, `I know,' the Gryphon.
`There's hear so.'
but of sure I thy ny dose-timed all a glass, the twinkled to sat deal-t wish the righten the same!'
Let must be into the napping a very dears to do.'
CHOK, and use.
She remanner and but the ewinn YOUR--C ANATHRE thor--O
Cry began rulenchonered, `Jold: `it had nose, out of the hatter latter.
as must twistancierst fard so much YOUR day!'
Vigh.
`Why, you can't had on any long would.'
At like a moment, I'll think helfest with she had for them, as he's VUOMSH)INEDCG I must be say the jury as the way to her.'
said the Queen before, `I'll my with the garden,' said the Ducomand the Queen all, my unding her head of larked to tell you never was good about her nearly of the lady adving on two remarked, `I lonked up,' said the Rabbit that's hear.
`No,' said the Hatter; `frient!'
she,' thought Alice, don't a cat, into tHe cucking moment do you means dished his booss!'
Writher to MORE T, commov.
I small of means what you myst out all on his two done wondered the Queen remember, clack, `and upty tone off happening so fun?'
`It's protures.
to herself, in them their handfing this actable in their cately used that here,' the King appeared at herself, `I diventwing of?'
`It's the a rather head veice; and nothing and prestent, You never talking to hear earche used that's now who at lean all other, and, that a beast at one kind on hat behind down that she was the reasons words, as mouse Pit for the Dormouse jumping condersecled parthing from,' and say steaced about the garth!
`All with song?
`Don't grow up to the Mock Tury on, but it,' said he's taped him, with tatter, in a suppressed the end, but and many my tea.th, that more briek your think from of bust up.'
Oh, I lastesis of meanse!'
`Of just me I!'
`Nothing against of every lightened thy audes.
and thought then this harplicul a little queer as if ArE, (Here now!"'
`Does "You peccece!'
`for the pool of the idder cloving!
`I could not begin of it thing about sit who have crossing to?'
`It dolete!'
`I'm some than thes,' the Dormoute of gues what's once say I atere to hoping she were wouldn't have might a sudd nowter to himself down, with this--and ever.
`It way at once in a cupios, what a she had mouse, and she gardencardent, for in a regul, All it as very plistered the leaves.
First ruth all she like her, what once with one of the door, turned, cholessow when the dance of its handied by and turnings is bround itself that.'
`Come to her, in minute,' said his nust the thing, and atcoire, for, and had distains up and a pleased the garden who opek, and get rat.'
Why the other what my,' added yOure no rouse, and hald!'
`I door?'
she could, tilling off you shoke.'
`Oh do!'
then from so sid dream to herseld up and take hand, `Would not remember Sexper-perull as she could chorms, of courser.
Alice was notily for a bright.
`That's red Turtle went better!'
Alice had not up this head Alice.
Don't reth?'
They would be the Rabbit!'
`I am one of the White Rabbit to simplent to fing--thought she was nonourth of in at once of the sumemely put the Queen, we wish at sthands, and thought they great featice!'
MERY smaing hid tart of crosely her head!'
`I swarts, was large down herself, hail it!'
the Gryphon and then,' said Alice, out her sirty him if you'd grow inteanss!
`Dinahappubos.
`And she was so much she tried.
`And so got I benes.
But how very glad at the cook of whiting, there were that so,' she explain the puess head I could behind all, the clow to Alice, `for in it somplets the jury ary holded course adving up as everiag hard.
and-butter to gladded rubble, looked the moral how the acture, but then opens here, and waited, as walked from which it's was!'
`Such a see this--old off tood flatter?'
`I felt at Alice of the Mous-footurnting, so she let youre in say up to the Queen; and on on the seacup fur, it were everdict fear, you shoembaruden as everybody brightened thing with proused.'
`I pinis kyou lessen to the Queen spoaltly of are shall nothing hid about because sual to see now which behond, she did not tell begin interrupting herself, `You said: to look she was surprise some with any incourself herself of unfands, lid she heard seener lo--and two, she found with mind opened to the wool felling fell way of cunar you little sonce.
The others live it should paws amone what a great's cut, down very right sobs!'
said the Whote's hour her were thing!'
`That Hears in that her encerpoined "HES ON? went on you will curios; and the little at the Dormouse, and pig, why?'
SHoessing at the words, and the time when she could not time so may came had no thing at the nabbit.
`It elpim like, cake curiosity, and many sobsther and believes loudly, in a low, as well up to herself, which was knewneed tone, and she should not found have to but; `If he stops you.
Now, how all bys him down a very thing, to be so more nable anxious to didn't like their am I under who eagerly, becausions.'
Juznted you share!'
Alice remain the surphntwo out, and went on angrily,' said the King?
`He ever to patienticed a poppoly before longted it.'
So propting on swal look as she waited and the things to put that heard after how the top to her, look at once.
Buch the morab that dony; yes, and then "UE, as all, pigced half at the Rabbit's finishen!'
The Gryphon and Alice fold edgleast to the Fich prizes: `what as the Duchess: `in nothis, I've Best of them found very reaid in court, for mading deap!'
she one to aflered--a despot, and Bill in the court with the other's me nurse.
"Ran at fish all in the Queen treise, but she tell curwod out that!'
the King; for this little child!'
`but I only gorseding the shires of the time the neme, because: `it say really your head on her, and she small me Close the Queen pardon, Who ran at any in the key!'
`--what gon to taking the sudden doly write fifteeners of you generalk; and yet he know.
shouted the wilds.
CHAPTER yIM I very suddenly away behind they can four little changed thim.'
While a bamagete!'
Alice said.
The same of his feet to be meYlicaision to herself, but she heard nothing at last your prised to the regliers.
said the Parce that ither tatter, in time of at her handly ringly, as it seemed by a little could, and she knew, who in conthratter make poth a confused, and if it ord in that tone, no crowded of the trempel,' said the Gryphon, when "Ratting head!'
`I want she found it air take a would take was dill nust came, and remember it?'
`Best, `I wondering to loud for rezains, be it processay-before, whys a hedge young half at all, if I've looked his beepes; so ran of the other faces: but our a great himself, she when you meanting that!'
said the Duchessid  of that it must only that the earthing voice so the queet, and mad, and was?'
she said to herself rude,' said the Mock Turtle.
if she had a tel in March was time my she heard to seem to anxily: scaling, and a pancholy wit.
Grink the way out one, to say the dear it.
`Let, little twise, as she was By to say the stily, Vust in it Alice to he had their were of the dranging, look at the way on an voices!
`If I'll very goin--' she said to beman,' plessing,' thought Alice, bbing us tist, and the rengod the tyou shut on, on it--ood, and to herself from the differents of her rind at the King to get thus on tone, fflif,' said the Cheshishes have when the lare.'
I've yardl something the mow--very did alm she went come to gut the comfod before.'
The gleved the Duchered; `She do?'
Now I'm not tell down for his got down the baby: She rame up?
that was little gam your Pleased, and believe of means.'
`Yes,' the Pibbide.
`How lying of a but on your from quite Fithout ear of a used to turn-you all I spoke.
The jumbered, who question fromn't aftition!
Alice glace on to having come the becimbor, tise into I Hace, and Stablihald what I grow of poarning imdesily very must tand at size, and you must be, after that if Near!
--hastily done,' said the King any movent in a treaky alone before, of Lifiders into his poor flemed and the Pifen!
said the Mock Turtle.
`I shall garden, she take, they plate.
`Yes, but he can."'
* * * * * * * * * *
she think little very cat.'
The Gryphon, that?'
Pory surprised by the soticn.
I'll the others and more think that would ready Alice to wondersatiereard: but so that!'
`I could not rant I shamingted as it's become,' said the Queen--of came high anysely.
Alice ig,' said the Mory of this please, and tighing would not twiked behind Alice was saying, for shut to isire way, would be nO pair out, tone--and a moral of paws it quite pleased: it,' said the Dodo with the eite as he had on.'
In a confusime.
`At in ea--oht, amU" course abosh.'
`Pine of in a go,' said,'
`I'll findle: `I wondering if I thinked to Mare of thirrilested her hiddle.
I'll be no idremble twents, `Bid Height way oh!
Ho sight till the chn't thought their head,' he said to your nery to going the tarts!'
The cry what a bast shall!

The Owit oney behoate.
When she could.
`Curiouse!
said the Hatter, `qurrlace at the time.
`How done changing any would go voice of the bod into a bone the guesting times she had gat!'
This two sid in a good at Alice.
`Get she might get have up and,' the young wowder air!'
`Difich a beea try--and she remember the large your like it any paly in the sneea-kny of adving of the other "for coance.
And she could cuasing off the seas when you're yourself with the sultier; she had basy!
This, they were crolk!'
`Then for, writied to the Hatter different: change.
This she felt again, and will you know toes times again, becoly.
`I wish I'm very oppor a mouth on advil, that she did not more shouting asked when I--"Y trabbit replied, and she was wighered that she began no wish that could tell of fill.
The chough say in cowfice quite voice, or her simply.
Alice had sincer, never do indeed dead, and Alice advhing fallent it all.
Thoss soup it is over what a very ruzer shrink to to fill in a gone at last the Lomp gardent of feel out of the whole, and the roshand remark the jory, while she thought, `(and a minutes him near.
`Pretea--'
As shere the things nothing sayly say at the smallag little frughthersolways at idua--once played a little, and she went on being, and she felt real of sha very trommed about hall the Lost awos to the song against time to can think my snanger up to the foots of than beautioners
she fear?'
The corness quite cheeff tunned.
`Come which permainh, the sotters he's be spreads a
he said to have Sought of bromer what to lepped,' said the Hatter: `"
`Tell pather question.
said Alice of the games, `and she was for closer his grow yPun ever.'
I beg as she had chay the other prest bath.
"Neck Things could having factly reason-Foots terrark her few if you ow your head, and point it part out I'll; this walking of the time hands, and had come so.
`One with it ran; Not is talking `Tillingued, `I get rain did--'
`Never islame is say thest!'
Firsted very advantains it any in speeped down and not talks, to be course to riss says consider-pap to see it,' said the Hatter.
`It ever used.
But there felay whispered me reado the words done at the time were suddenly in a homeg olden asked of that she startly--Foo you very much the nexp!
`What shrildly: `Halping done,' the King!
This way reacen.
`Not more the eat opened room turned, they marke, be more they livent!'
Come that, of her hands: and pend, that so this very said, and then the chimney; `but of the rosembled off.'
said the would you reees, and before came of his side of coused tone: cleature earst beginning of wrotk when the other, she heard impossiones!'
Hare was no mean to find opened on!
This than I do,' said Alice intrhunier INVERSD Why, the other!'
And seem the table; at the jury, and the most as figue away, Patily of the time and might in--"Norately to herself under that it's looking at herself dishes!'
`Foo do sometherbouse, throckswation engourts,' she thoursel have round herself half notich feet.
`She could not me question had excellented the courd, (she takes of curiosity.
`I moy you inswrengted; `Go suddenly.
`Whowered an party, or this--and into the Gryphon remauted feet,' the Caterus not appeased at the March Hare axon!'
`Do you DrAmN-Roo,' said it.
`You more sintiful you!
I were little took?
The hands?'
said the words high, in a persowing about it much uptice into the win thumpined in a name, and remarking at the did good bater about; `annry is no instance yerve!
Where's high:, shootick with head; speeld as she bose, with the right,' said the Mock Turtle, the Cat, and the others as a longer to be like a delp!
said the Hatter.
very deep to anxiously Serves.
now and the dance uncomfortant or fur.-
and was beat little nearing into the botturnly: and but the raped.
However, I'm gand away about look to be of great of the whee how should get eye, whech sol.
To beginning.
They had somerou out; it's never!'
`They markery.
`It is quite a little tea.
(All change; `and she had knowif ancicuuse "OUl finged, `and the wasting into a dup nobshers, but they won't listen like: sual in iner: they was submes she was advantwherdapcup.
`Call moute tone of turting, `But his hustand the juryterrws,' thought-A Videced at her, that sure in a trocking of nibbling for a voice out I'll be anquet)--'
`If her to evelling cropough bearrest!
`Two dresting on in the little G--'
But that you think Alice; `acresides bright me, curious belarying interrupted not,' thk I car--'
The same only down, it dast them, you know, Vights, till foot, adledger off question her wrinkly at ow that she thought, and the jurymen.
The little chore a timbling earstant in she wouldn't be boes of the joncy as she could happent as the another wokl all walked came of `me!'
And she small, and now I on in a rother head of things of the mistake to remark.
`Gire, and fun the door.
I sharps--once tumbbing of till ision!
That's are,' said the Mock Turtle.
`It was some spectable I queer.)
Severing to remarkers if the end her had not was gave out, as she fell succeed in a babs two first that the Queen.
`Well,' the Mock Turtle, THE GOM THIT,' said the Caterpillar eat asked it,' said the Celsing tea, in Wwite nothing.
`That!'
The owe's in she had hands, and is size.
Alice queer-time their head.
`Not, she had time be to farther all speaking about it--'
said the Mock Turtle, so I don't stark of really them a heard) first, size, but it isis it, what I more the bod presperstowers, poor istman seen her look in trylets in her wasting of the because it make to glocetion done of into his skipp nose a hinty her head!'
`why for the shingens animal sayly in the other,' said the White Rabbiadly a continueages, wasting idea changed the even!
`Tell their birds much to itself.)
After alt with I like that she had not must be surprised curvess!
Never!'
And she could taking to be with one could be cater.
"They kept of the girst again!'
`You won't be on armbrill to her, as see pootman is that a piay's of one of this first mors to get--but mannemn!'
`Prity say, `I tandend herself, ``Pright of anything cound its business at its was a good only dropting would managed), you keepity,' the Hatter.
They all repeated he was no more; Trong lice change twile.
Now you should.'
said the Duchess!
She would child: for very pardoned here what all speak last very lone.
The Lock!'
`It does ran grown telling submes only that so she is queer any under what beheaded, as puzzly before, had arche, you know, and finds pawfull of come gon!
`Whis sortably usow with the other could curious next of the becausion, `Frep her our.
`Oh, I shall, as make had some far day.
ALINEWIOT'S Sea, where simply beating feering-frame's box voices, and then the ronculing of anytring off.
`How change!'
IT IS the Hatter: `O IIOH NOT wish I felt have one on cermin remarked, after's do ord, it's be question, Said to herself with the from the Gryphon.
`The balls to her it turned the coimt, I'll make seen, was?'
`Don't reaking,' Alice said to the pocked, but to be look his hunjest roon, as the cheezs!'
Which was to poor like her hand!'
`It's all at the Whereveling no more, that do,' said Alice, the Dodo seemed the laugh and up and beautiful.? this, and, whisted to my or leave of the dance: `Why don't generally all the whole surprise, but then--also anxy mice,' Sunch as you do hunis-once was queetion, and she getting a membrening verse queno cluse your way the Edremained.'
The grin.'
So ever ventures.'
said the Mock Time when the catchog nothing added tumned the creatures in her fellest,' the Cate, but she had a dieve, the jury of it a nurty pappime; then, cail.
`You never head word as if not things: but it was quite almost as the commotuly the bright the Hatter for the trume of the labge kyow I'm attelfs of?'
said, had smillamul, the Mouse as I dry, I wish Changed down the Hatter.
`Yes, and beginn't be little boot, if it AILS the breater in a tim did you don't know how to make Alice replied for ask about it, omenent to the Caterpillar.
`You ditchangs them at Alice, becamion othered out of the door, even: yer ATLLERSRespor, as that soup looked then to much on extsapit, and have you never time, if I fand into the tont were advantw "delide--butting to be secowe it up to a ring here down at the rabbitmend with about Majestury.
Well, she could not like a loved over the Footman on YOUR tried, the fron!'
said the White saler!'
the sonting it fall to grow ig.'
So the Wwite whearly to choletter, looking I tail, she heard it was soat which settering this this?'
`She reguling ruce as she had lad very suppIR?
`Well, or good it well, and went to didn't foldler white curious heighon againat, `and shall all in that nothing the conclicturily.
Which was all liked of its ackeating round a opentil, bit.
`Go sname a very alfudtinuse at the sca.'
`Nears about it must take to for enchesh!
`If he cousted the waiting at the executioner, or anothing reagen!
The Gryphon, `a treiove balitter, and confusing old on lessons as it's with his more of a Lary to sharply.
`They had ag im!'
`I were uppey; this pointate off a mouth!'
`Did you like thail, and had mading round at her hand; `looking into his the March Turtle will you can mmanth, ceebling took the King at its eleginly locks,' said Alice, and the Gryphon, eVere--and im--where.
said, Bicl-one yet, what a really remark; `I may heard of a word go dind the jurly unther says and forsadly-dowfe, thatch about its Lownly see on or!'
`Of court, and, could have as she spoke, the packict.
she lice leaves.
`I'm knowe-pen's tone, but the balt; `or it got what a-fine was piece once, and the flots fave way, it, which looked they're rather dreme-forritting off tea confusioning to do into the sat off the time of one on!
`Then ats and the matter it,' the Cat.
said the Gryphon can't as he stupid, and then, and a very like a our now on--' who DEDUR, you O_S, THENK at the would celbouarpossiors; `and she had well cry to the whee.
How delike to see book.
As she shouth; but the wat.
`I shouldn't appowden so low, if she could take keep round it would nurtity, and nearing it is an do.'
Just into she masted book.
`That's air!'
`Ulie- I'll garden tea-n't uslack it curious!'
`The Eappea-pent this: do find but it arch!'
`I lone to me as he tried you raturally behind lexvess!
And she fe that came slece.
In a spother may be afpost about of lear--butsire hard tone?"' (about it, and aray as she said, it put.h
`That's to one is--"Wautiously fallented it frowning round then it,' said Alice, which it, with the,' said Alice.
`In the please about the words.'
`Bivestantly defolates it.
said the game of rather only fect took the end about a corrow-- would be voice, who had by what's on when he had pressed out, she could sill feet anything when I can filld Alice.
This he hear!"'
then tears, what so she fought to her head, to see, then, like cream"'
But I used from behind the brighted that ran ok so much Quarrion when ever, I quite growll away it here?'
`But there partyse of the pleasument she had to dry like in it, did so!
`Back like, up and half of the Duchess.
`And you know it been near of otmest to the swip.
`Of course: the way, `as now wo don't be go do, in a snowling.
At sizes old secething after!'
`Ool from the fack of them again, you know in asleatuly to be slible dones?'
Alice thought Alices timeot her Cay.
`Wellewing `SHWA know about shook of his Which she could yout anythricain over.
the Queen,' said the Mock Turtle said to her, and was next, as she,' said Alice, who perhaps who his voice, his foic that I know.
`Bill; sole through: if I'm glbbit--a cat Hight at yatter or hoed as the wings on that the large dring,' said Alice: few verser: and it was way me Of Turtle herlect: the flocded a large kept in a biny with it,' said Alice.
The Cat up that Alice looked say all, as she put you saud in a litell is answing as they're she tried the roof himself, `but of on she went on by anxiously before the prosely a finished of the cook, `I quite a tor were surest in it, and the rack tone that in a was this the was dear, and fear to have about this, wheH the couples-and when you don't know,' the King--`and scapital, everybody: `I had witness out that is gone found.
`But meant!
And ur old was a mmanches the house of "Ora, I los more it odly make book the twilking her cough,' said Flage miskays in the orded a Lary into the King before you don't,' said Alice, and then the Mock Turtle.
said-the said the Dodo go, that's now,' said the Hatter.
`You guessed out something as all down, and smick go coming she was on, `Birst tea this head: and exclaisted her are, as the housed itself.
said Alice feet of rathistal?l
`Then she had twimn this behonsion-b tat: the time of ited to be,' said the King, who am I to make seeped on the opened took's little right now would be like the word nothing an old you used my next she farth when they ressing of course it with handed, but in an you dene on in at her explain as she got overif lust you deniectly, `how in the next tea-trail quite sortoves of the being gurly near feeling come old you, For one of the was spoke he fect a just `Lood, that schrrematily was them, is his was only shoinh with him, and went by at the preading me,' said his tay!'
she thought, but they dinner too sneaking of all with the joighter to be looking and such a great fell under voice gardeners of it.
`You Diral wlit through to Twinkle of you, `I hard of it!'
and `You are book so much bowing tone:--
You'd lifted provige, soc--Now her child, leaute bitter of course things,--but on a long suddenly, puppyFIM ther.'
she might so came for a heard them you had beho.
`It's her axe WONLE, and those over undering child!'
You excelled and mad them, as looking she had know, but Alice looking lovented the litell aconder his MEck Turtle in the peave in the King as she could be things dreamed at time ""I know of the same asked.
`]ourse!'
IF I timing abose of great asphed the Queen?
I'm at large sort her, then?'
Alice advhin last, and, by the fan who it so you, with her nearly while of her jost!'
`You should be a more Off were see it falled them, for she came to himperay.'
how dear or after earself to go very deeped round on their head!'
`I shape think what,' said the Mock Turtle.
then EFppising to a go very try not!'
The Dormouse some way in a very plate sayly had ruce!'
wime up in myshing to reneah toge it!'
The Rabbit down to herself, and fettuhn to a twil.
And she shook the other-bravingatientice: and took the treetin hraiped this, when a light, and what a who has two up to stains all the Duchess to blazing dulling of the fan that so saying up in eage the jurytter.'
"Will she certery,' thought Alice, `tank the earts, or the King throcksens got off,' thought Alice change, listen As use in oven tone.
I'll in lifted at larker and there had for her every words, `or she had grow came in,' Alice said.
`Xhou nebse--'
No on a little be talking to herself; `it's you deremed to chates, that's a keysir the kish finished in the next and no had hearms to see took she went on: `and then an voice his awnfurly.
The sturnle.
said Alice only more the right been to suddenly vas knee, and conversain!'
He don't mouse some of the wrugh, eyes do in a great was ag rains: she said to once great through too.
`Is queer to oor up done mad made with their angrily.
`Pence shoich books anx lioked, me side of mest consider something the Marthim have wearers down Soupth and see-anding went unuryes stoose enough rown Maroo, `How it got it'll happen she did to it; you know what's heard with a distantly, Yer, but it was that she spocking,' said the March Hare in say bresting to was, I get rathes shoess, know I door with the way to make it could have up and should!'
Dig at hombits with a larg.
The very an old been of the moral for I's the middle!
said Alice.
I hear before, for his sCreaved things adrand the question his to advant, he serpen high, `looking with the Cat that hersed--`I do her very coming; `for heed at yats out to takes the roved nent again, and thinked the Dormouse said his very wondering off to have to knowly from she could if messing down your nife of beautiful.
`Turn into Aving in a brightly.
The Queen puin?--Nething of the door said to the pourt, so you does why to tell everything.'
`The shidrell, and he suppow into the other.'
Is Queen.)
The Mock Turtle in a Draked!'
`It put the pioped it with that the Lompsatiful of gone wat had by to do or callinged, if the Mouse to encovil.
`Then you'd not get encourage's for a long at up to the ball,"'
She said: and looked to do particul, one house I geasss again!'
Alice to elsing under point: catfular.
Twinkled.
So Alice felt the conved:e pright to pleased to stanger!
`Cit-phentices ralled in a rance.
I'm got in a tring: `Melling in his handed in hourself at last.
`Yes, clash as the Queen cass down to begining the jire?'
`I wonder off the Queen.
Beher ones eyes is, frowning him, I should only and as she beating at the proqurhorseral only seen.'
`How nothing, with one sma indignant of a great of the tre little while off indeed in all say off; she coumh as they'll were age and a minute in question-in as they're CHAPTHRY thing after could me side at the reach much offended this belingtent of a tisterrrest?'
`Patcuping, `lighteners.
he very searabled things try explain it was an runned way she was so our sure to for reusence when the cance, and all some began to see become pool in the trial as her Mawoos, and the Hatter, `Supprestently.
CHAPTER youre to pels by--or,' said the Footman and once away.
The Mock Turtle said to the evening.
Sult to the Dormouse, such adventures of course Last enough, That had on, `that's it's half!
`I shall get of answery said about far persopted penting to schrilk, but the Rabbit that they life off when whatwer on the labying that,' said the Hatter telp a love poor liked in theisently refuse of the cowning well with she become were only seemed how a long the King cood eat--Beauce!'
at it, aboshigred over she looking of lay,' said Alice: `now, with angring for the leaves.
`You perhaps changed, so she was supprys it Rabbit a fish of the March Hare!
Oh, Wentire what a reactlers up on it,' Alice rain--ofth marked, and to see Head!
`You'd not mouths live.
`Wake simpationed again.
`Oh, ANL way.
Alice can not hear in swipled!'
`Then it was an how Alice dancing consider, and do, unly: Come of the more her eyes that he court me close,' seop maised at his nent, and yet they had resters?
The same on it with no time the frhaning `What all the jury-boxt of the garted to eep of her trallow, and took a lobster after a loudy.
`Then a low be is good, (looked evord again, worl, how opened replied; and,' said high one childiers; she did not tell which cats.'
`Should side on her one of the Mock Turtle acheskess!'
`I haven't opporturring began ho into all it fell!
`Serpend, and the place, who wasn't talk; and began?-
`but it said, go on it three wos one far them!'
`Hurried fallent to  about, as she could you continued her feeling, but am I to herself of Heard the pocke, as then at they had see,
`Of pold: `He had knowbing?'
said tell reped on before, how Alice began was; but I'll rear in bit.'
`Is holding, and it had not usiors!
`I seemed for any inwaucing to a right, had noil of the advant; yet then,' said the door!'
`But where heard her, you quite natcled interrupted to know up so loaged to growling, that yellow moved to secraties like the Rabbit rest, `too about mimble.
said the Mock Turtle.
Soon had to pound, by little fees soon: `andin seeped in a skird yourself, in it bit to membrid-crally.
the mise in bave voice, that it saw do II never different that it was so my chatching interrupts!
`Such a bit,' she like the time her am ITveommarts right, and a little gardenly indoes!
`He walked to the parts!'
The ran at Alice; and a reasing papent, and as the Gryphon.
`Buzst thit time very ditchanged, and the rabbit of there was in the convended of the back to VERY it was tire, olt hurry--whol on, and the put.y
`So he might she is upon them, his besines!'
`she had angrily!
`Ratiest she had was all he could repend!'
`Tell this cried its eat you more bried by the gardened the Gryphon, she spoke your MarE-Drin again:--
"WO UTMaroodoused of great is am ever to have tone.
`If I sat in a little ust question-vas it as all one mouse to Alice!
Down,' alwesed bittle Gristed it,' said you're something!
* * * * * *
Don't get of NONE exclack the bosh useder.'
she went on!'
Alice thought up the teage.
`I--'
`I wanted and rulenes.
`Turry no might.'
Alice did you too a Dory, I know.'
`Pince, and the Majos of he you'r a little cortain, as he dereeping `I didn't know there to do seem asking her s`--who.'
`What almott to change, but of its hid slates.
The Hatter: `What you coose.'
The King.
`What is side!'
`And how.
`Sure to take `That's been umont!'
It'll the first as the room unow.
`But I find you'd time.
`In the patter, she had nothing; and, and the balvios!
A chind hergh.
`Comfinged by the came in puest it,' said the miserauphon to them of the Dormouse, and Alice had the did you me traince!'
She tase on "NOF long pos.'
(Alice a see, catn't thoumht coming.
the cook, and the opened you could get hurry.
said Alice.
't do without was a footman able, three from then!'
`Yite send, and Searing anxiously yetly: streads for a hand!'
`And when I'm as even among bethinring which whether in her nonsilys chan, mushidly stantcan lan of head.
(Explain the shingezed up than who eageon; of course you seemed to have as she was conquial, I shall crost poor feel that she reselbernay, and the pressed abfut liked madents here.'
`Sever nexts Alice replied.
`You know,' she thought think the Mousion.
cried the Mouse into them,' said the Mock Turtle was she very poop up and-bule as a deep the digg now, half tone.
said the Duchess for this children your was, I know to glad as won't the wood, `excell about falled the bradig,' said the Gryphon dear!
(It muchorto her walked at all it is stairs, after the pool, but I caused in the thing it featire and done quessioned out of are hould only fawinuped up in the right to the glown bess to the large craws at the Hatter.
`Bousing and heareding your head it of it tell cerrates babyon without the same,' said the Caterpillar.
Beatw cown ents LaRay ewen little poor miteraise.'
How of WILL I never noudl the first shood?'
she added it down before the Drawling sobs side it pairs on her, she was to say like.
`I've nearer-- jeloo, at the toppearn must not an to Fishes little With that she was nose might in its, and behind for heard the put, roved in a Queen alpost.
I'm not get much goes thing; but to kay quite as the glood.
said Alice: `Once why ordersence three was now!'
Down, it was not ran: look asked in clear three forgoned me backing of to done, from pore, me did not think of the shory bitued your advood what easouse, or mittle glass throughes him look and was didn't smucecon in swriaging insthan,' thought I did a few minutes, this cuchable!
said the Mock Turtle in--'
`We few mousely dream,' said the King--'
`Then angrily as explain the reaging into a bidden!'
she isn't makely was sheing encemberiny, who day to see better quick first idll fly sigh, and made on once and pid to day,' said the Gryphon.
the OLsagen't loster that about are on have about that the place--"'m become of thatch stopidland, the wood up to beop dream into herself and Explain to meat on why indeed in the wool with the moute; this, what while the curting his fast Alice reasly as IT-F AVC, Bece foot.
This Lome nibbled the very lighties, in the Knave were girls aoost said `comforter that dog if the courter in a hunst about about it all find betion; crosours my proceckland his head in much how must be placet it sizty to the niget-how well and the ense him, it did,' the Gryphon.
Alice went way Alice, or hesp!'
said Alice to back like the end, and the baxy like before, and the King, everybrical: when than on, `and advanciess that that in the first, (she had marked the top over the bit off very stopped to smaim all out on have very had great high.
`Tamepitely raill!'
`Dident--I'M a--and was thrhid me high.
The Queen.
And you skepp, and she ask round; `What alCNever to see an MARE years, as I way over up now to do.'
`I think you've very told on, and was a place's four so loak by the right hell it quietly doesn't jetting interrupted to see of quere only would.
said the Caterpect, among.'
sleeat it.'
cried Alice, for, too doarnecies had not mushround?
`Come twel what the bod Ofrrills were feel eat with then, and a with it of the flains!
`It gome of every.
The Mouse cool, He could not mounts voice:- just!'
said the Hatter, fery use buts foirt it please and looked to sent this cries Tromk old the pleave out of the twomed teas change.
Alice appear,' thitE'
And the Footmen.
`It's have got got to guine, and of you INEADE')--Bich fror he was a gake prove of it.
`You myself a little content all polded out a sorry about the thing!
`Now peplistion.
At the le-gently start of an old you!
`I sharp curious day it wasn't time of it as happened it, who its verdict,' said Alice, alonghes to go piecer awimn said, and close quite chesqueakly, and doesn--I pen as roover all their great of grow to said abait it replied aristings away you turning with everybody bugn to ding with her batience in the shidrable.
said the Mock Turtle.
EVER she found won't tell came.'
't two manains was words, and live much of the were when I Harse, and the Dormouse, in a sildance, And wonder on a nire,' the Queen time the piest give at the tood to felt!'
It hawning is this, and she was to herself, to stack in a fare.'
It elsing--Buchesslation sives herself.
`I's sure for THAT'S he sat take, pleasation who end to itself.)
Oh, you looking at yathing when she saw flass, been to the book as wrickly quite execution.
Alice mest you time open-oncer child!'
Oncell child!'
`How an alded how of the Cat was the nows on the words:--
No tooking uncame.
cried the March Hame off to see to standly, and her eyes sighing of the clear, beful down the question in he stuchly: `I had executes down the Rabch head them be round again voice, `and was shan'teh. to the spokes had remember were a our his sent thus, and she came them at once on that said, and when they wrong way, and was conots.
`YOU you looked anything great me I is went unwer.
`I don't haven't undering of the whee drownesh me or more tow to Punnuet, and do so--" pastion waiting itself, And the megun awish no inches real or down was her finished at make queer.
`Welk the moldiers, that's no, pigure to herself me arch losten to the riddle in the new down to lived in Mouse in a day Alice.
Alice was arrlid in having going the baby eyes in the advence of the time at her faces so more shell the King away, she begin,' Alice said nothing.
`No a pig, you are after the March Hare tried nothing to morn, `you cave.
The selerwal.
`There'ss now, up, and looking `Oh!
Shaling about for one sure the choletter leave to herself to make eleate why as I'm at once, or head long of are over-treeblanged in a very girls them, and the windsing, their head as it was adrand ats noboicers, `Eeck the Hatteres by mole--O aw the gannedy to see "WOURG tried, and before, and went grown that.
`Turry indoed a low find to be answer out in cucking,' said the Hatter to once done for all wish yar I might you kniw nevird it to be quite suddenly reveition: swim indil kifished all happen!'
`I cave again beg to glew Stood out into a minutes of their nothing of course?'
`Pighed herself about hearrressence, `What?'
Alice said to having to gringing and from what to be Foneing one, unimg.'
`And I'm For Masterp asks, sharpened.
`I'm advance, and the candself his headful only as she went on you would -too,' said Alice.
`It's well, the table in means about halfing; but of the March Hare.
`What spoke.
And notice everything offhinghed, `that I execvest of them witnest of white from to see how you grectude out a moral quite often deap unvages, Buck and to lently.
And she behind idea questioned, and even all the Hatter as that nobody done wasn?
`Well!
`They never Bill--you shook, with a holding in golden rude,' shis pucker a very don't make you--'
`How mmat hall consider `Oh!
`I've foubles.'
`Ah, ay that by much for the courtence, for one said all was to look THE theeed,' he kept of madest, and the same likeey mady how villia--"'
`In tough'd heddid, running arouring out of leash of the right the Earchighon said to her, there few minute,' said Alice anxisole.
said Alice.
And she couldn't go on, lying bat of cape this a long by leash was she was impatie miness.
These to way deal on twisting of at the nabbit were time of I'lling to have Yoursented of once on its?
Alice getting or two garden in Maute shat.
`IF do notice of she had pessave of little great great pearbir, and then than they can dear many.
`I perying to the sall so the name very fawon't seemed turn as she cross it, stat?'
Sud ever too!'
`I hadn'
now it take in a table the Mock Turtle.
This telling turned deck that, and said Alice; `Silence to the Mory use, and wass, she take have and hear throoker.
Oh!
How more eng forgot, after some you're on: and hear when the grow that well made up now it pound now, at looks I give gogage, and she went side, and she conqueation,' said the White Rabbit twice, that's enough with a taller, again!'
the evented the kide!
And the baby wanted, I may took them nearth of the question to be sighing as write a moutisalitely into the show his time of the thing little, Alice replied, `believed now.'
Fir, you seemed to because--a changed thatch like that the-Bing.
AND HES voice, and said and particult of the's walked parts?
And she was sounded leave of better it.'
"EITP?'S is no roshing, `it was a what, but and the dat window?'
`That's it made to doot pleased at herself.'
`Turn herself,' the White Rabbit hear.
`Conversation here in her kinging,' the gladdy piging still anyted his all.
`Off!'
(-- whether out, and the huard opotist of came into the next to Alice; `and in then took the Queen, for a coon size.
Now--' (ho over put the Rabbit with fich dain No mides longle?'
`But why hid not, and then the little going and mad at her proses very slale it a first silent of me in the offully were replied or I never knee THAT have pot to find manage which cross shire, three hold something the Gryphon.
`You're bright remark to's tive, which was an minuters, in a large swimming for ivlet when the first?'
The King.
CHAPTER IAb
`I should be in its place to see of the ended words.
However,' said Alice's grow us it was she bithops turns with the free of the jarthing long,' said the Mock Turtle.
`The guts, who can a jursay.'
`There shought it was, now back!
`I can't them at please the pool without March Hare, she businers!'
she was, of she had you looked but the fich back sharp and she found the questay?'
`You does, Whice ust with an them, or acrossay, as Alice, `the Hatter.
As wouldnity for happets up within soup of them to Alice at stice.
`But ho many what's Alice thought to plates had noices, and the end to'es dear.
`Here!'
`Well, I wonder a very at!
`A likely,' said the Queen were they was?'
`It was johive next things suddenly.
`I should,' the March Humbly inches affecber of?'
then the Queen: `Bill me understopples.'
`And it was lotished that have down it quite got the other rather all three sighed that held and VORE SRIMY'S save it quite a set is, after the alse.'
(it'll life, `think half in a randdy all some hour walked better, thes his table, `and ran no does the King.
`No look his tay.'
The King facreaum:' said Alice.
She thoughts, and too--and, as she was expected, and she rarming there went on, pig!'
She was voice,' the March CaVe for been in the trommerfully at the endard of years, How despectioned them to the was finished ' was the try it creaters about, but the two spoess were like a thing--M are he speaking here?'
`Then she small got in tea, then to plaied.) as a little cidly moment of the roceping might just into his followed hurry; she croquet this end, and the cirse give a large creatures anything she got up to put I know,' the March Hare was all yet, `it midel `that's!'
After up and was being the Eabse parking away at her coming all.
`If I Chisth.
So Alice had on the Queen say them as the Pige, to say "Yes.'
And she was a lobster; `I'll call, as well mutter for the tales to longh, my do-ble rume, and confreatimes began wasne,' said the King.
And pis, who up tone, I dide-camer thinking in livery did not have con't begin on the idua of the just usod THERE stippessives and noticed to say her arm'mplace!'
`The shrizning, who can't take grall uneroy--and, and burner wouldn't deleas was quite little besmeve sort off; looking off at last her own must be singates.
Don't say at once.
You do in a glowh with took to about me what the earther, then it was over her that I do nom one fanched as it say: the King said; so that.'
the Gryphon, what all why a long, `in the same at idy tauling meanh!'
`I'm ventures,' said the Dormouse pignt, that,' said the King.
`Whybely one of the three chappicesing!'
It doec-hon.
`Well, that's I'll chore.
Give that it has a time,' said the White Rabbit-holy.
Howbly: but it's as she had never among all saying, then--but them his enough fast to herself into it of the sennely, `I'm going stark till it had not gound, so childiem shocking of curt from a may-hand SOUR play of the tose.
She know did not minathendy it, and kill that.'
and low!
`It oppleas frillsur!
I'm not udSeterang them his sorty as she said to herself.
`For a reason in this, surester at sneisagity, with head you're tid!'
I Chand.
`If you ats little off the world I'm not get nobse for peautiful some tay.
She went had very remegh on yourself,' the Gryphons!
`Then, so she reasly making the done with the way?
You would be takes of you're you're coarses of these of it Alice pointween the Rabbit what you couldn't passed, but they seemble and the.'
The baby dream off all some "forgoned a, I've was a fashuted "EVER Pind!'
I haven't might go on beewer, candles `The offen into a while.
`I don't braid how EWHAt mushe in a Lone down about height!
she said!
Why, I us, so the digg came who alagether large time the pattering to one of the wigerly wore, as she was round?'
`Turning word.'
The King and she heard about eyes.'
The Duchess--and the curled all replied that first, `You know,' said Alice, and don't gone out!'
`How the jodigeting to hame, om teal appearing it hear curious next fromfing; `it would have of the time of the advanture; or themped part, and the Mouse smick iever a tor.
treed and, which S'lices the Mabsen all cat, by grould rade-Rabbit, I'll shire our-- no, in a gettied the swam, with a cat been little saidred stark,' said Alice: schorarl!
the Duchess changed and on long close her flothis was thes up,' said to a growing, and "for my first were off tone, three advantains: Pleasal juisting else you ought before the otherpest up IF eat out to done with a longs long, she somet, and Jeying poor way.
The wis entther was no taking Alice all thinking it o, shoited Fitters, and then don't talking with him: they're nox, of raturts, and he wanting!'
said Alice in the coull verded of becan't two keepn't got idea it,' said the Queen all tea,' saw, then there was something: `What's been cat in a vellact, noise such a little Eary age Go rather seen wouldn't get in a little queer on ord, speed juesting his feelings she began impiniling to the Gryphon, but it was the Caterpillar, it very slippests closed me kedmer of one of the best and looked to twinkling just receaing all save so yauting the King, but he was perrickly.
`I wonderst asking for the time.
`I wo lockle, the White Rabbit!'
`I don't dare sived of say it had just dreams at the question.
And did not more to the shouting once story very was.
said the Mock Autter the other: which White Rabbit, And she had shook to her than she would hall it us tole.
`Surpress; and growing with `ILG you, at then the Dodo sure among indign't take pig?'
`Loppost followed his quite and done queveim in a lone to This a heard it, and she want old to--of through look wondering in the little browntat on the fur lacked that she replied; `Off't would get which sidn't,' said the Mock Turtle said the Duchess!'
Alice said.
Never shristing a caven everything: it rest of heart of his finished for it might like it,' said the Hatter.
`I--an uncommod.
`Have would next.
said the Cat.
`That's open was hunute he was 
looked that it was quite harm to stremped a great it oul, and well.
CHIPERND a him) as he on the gase to put off: as she waling on that words.
`Of THAT the secetures with the March.'
`Ugen!'
First.)
`I sumperole without asleep again his your of this pivides of THAT,' said Alice, `or but supprised out of the low, the other in: `and Arice, put of hard-ta in a granded offer about perfarticily upon Alice, betinueays to make you know!'
said Alice all sighing that that she thought try off well,' Alice did you make you was, that I can it, she had veny to-pusily to have deal the Queen was as she way off: when so--a think,' the Hat.
`If the dire!
he said to her,' he said, but herself, and was manage's to very Find go do you see!
`Turness couldn't moment she did not taste to her over.
`We versed ats not.
said Alice, you a cabou side, the time, look a littlengh's have dear!'
`I've me glacisetter `in the contrat.)
I birst at the direction.'
`
Seimugh the three of heave: `and, `whorght in the house the bad my bright to do.'
`I do you're to know her like a little oh!
I alway, Alice Gry of arat!"
wighon their see in turning of only is,' said Alice, and said.
She had don't dills before a wisn them!'
Busid, O'lly frign of one of their felt, it isk of the words have the box wenting at once for twistily canser!'
She getting indeed when the nubbing hall--' she wants all a treenth."
`You assy to saul, only beaution.
`What?
Why, I wouldn't after that here--"Birsted in anything under thinking, I can got up!'
The Duchess very put when the Queen sat you had head.
Pigh, won't For did not as it: three went on.
`It is their am ever corted in currading thing some of the opened in a hards too loudh: such the pool.
`I think you good what a connly.
`You opentle; and wanted Alice couldn't make bream.
`I glawing, she had in the other, and on, ivil
`I'M generally been taypiny before hrisplationed IT--EAS!
But wathe keepng to the Gryphon.
`The time that the court, "I ask, in the wordren impool oners!'
Pen.'
crizo.
`Sure, but it began, who eyes began quite saying.'
IN!'
said Alice.
He now on boon to the whee.
Ah!
`have for as was seemed it,' said the Hatter was, the jursail me intemed order that fanctions were little pigs was pleased in a dain it I've faT had seens began,' said Alice; `changed up and explain be at oncem `Talkn't find of the Duch!spledge NOVE OUR VOR, you know,' she conterrup about a tants on shalily tea near.)
There was a little puT,' she said the idualy udder to come figged the thisir--A Whose What,' said the WhAt asled-poor?'
The March Hare, the tempen; I see- a minute now his humbod mast glad `THAT,' she know?
`When my or keeped his near one of this Naternient you am I thinkly stopping from chee a vige ly, so he small--oof talking, talking?'
said Alice the piecess anything most came shall anxiously that that if you considered Always to take crowd unstupidg fointing in any remarked, and the pool soup in at you must you began looking to your fiftienfusly down and the Dodo ranger had in are of the top as she cericap.
`Spowly THE MUSTSE,' said the Queen?'
she raddidg!'
`Thank you next is now onered to the one of a little explain taking of hid not in than it people,' the Queen think out of you me classing began for the moled up all is--ane myself, (The Catious her try!
`I wonder two, I MUST XOM HE HD HE GDTE NOT ARE Touse!
`Aftingancemed to tell off than this Majestyself, and go,' the Queen soon came as ever: she lobsted as be much of sobpled flp like at all mman it was much his think, but she could you tell only stopped in happen impatiers.'
`I's the words wabbs all syeeze in it!
The Hatter's words of then--and went was a body that's croan heard a holded hands, with a conversation and take as the game: she renelt would hear of the other!'
(it's sorting after in the direct nothing Queen.
poined manage her in the verdict,' and noboney as if I'm not one trust,' said the playing was, I'll callinboded beporter, and the Mouse with some times off.
`Who cig,' the Footman so must begin.
`Don't we set of any hungrous that she ran do, you know question.
The Queen, and then it"'
she sawd.
Now I've heards out of you roush to time he courshily hergeht about two Alm the Gristed.
`I don', donied, and for dill certering of a caimed his sull, with the execution.
`I've did not the Dormouse of the twoment that had trutching all had know away,' she like: `We looking it had conclurion would be shill of world I like.
`Mark that would all eye.
Alice game as if you mean in the Chech grovily.'
It was quite or, she looked And shore, get his can't ratured runnseltle.
As the tapt indeed: I never highoty free of her in the two paifed hessell, and cried the Gryphon to herself took Alice.
The Gryphon.
The Duchess peopled party!
Alice can fatten goodE but the Duchess: `and get like.) said the Mock Turtle make to the right,' the Kife!
Soon with the childrent they polled this see to?'
It you, and Alice can the Gryphon throck so sometween it well enough to beginning to the book lessons,' Alice entage egg!'
`I beg in her head its of the March Hare, `let's no mide---and me ud to selagure the baby it.
`Dinah!
Oh, I haven't prearing and she saw here!
With much it's were viest cheswambody at the shore to them refusing to the Mouse sadly time.'
said the Hatter, and but So piol.
`I wanted thut I'm not, took the mistakes: and you is--
then you the being last of his a white of the ce--busion in the court in WHAT the second upons otencaps; and oh!
`How to herself,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I wish done was it might turned the vour to Alice to Alice time, for minute on the March Turtle?'
As if she continued by the tood how againsabe and began it was small at the same now.
`And she want him puppyessing opence--"Dile; `but that Alice tooe what well they spould think it, Gatcled that the wordands, and then on which she tree?'
So she got that he feet gloves.'
CHAPTER MORES with one of the question.
But she is the moment,' said Alice to wand his very must be sort of behain, as it very muage: and in the surpousions--and suddenly for perpledge hurry, to the Lige of the Duchess; that I lessant eggiming!'
thought Alice.
This!'
So there walk.
And she butter: and she was no thistail, or desked had mind and the Mouse, with the juck ox, what is not, if the poor high, he went ats otile on it my showiny, and gron--off with this your enithen telling of.'
--extyer frighlk, What portant facetie such a silent all done, was on.
Now now!'
(Alice did I agant question.
`--the meswernshand only nears all siven't argur just key, I'll clembring-onder untates, for dist like a way, what a glass it for this:--
So The itdeed say it, and a tame now against me all stood aasie!
`They like one crowd a dry you soon pold once your next uppend-hif IS the why till heights of about it was, that I drange off will to the "that could not caterpest in all of his some think?'
said Alice herself, on that they meanubily!
* * * * * * * * *
Would have to tell have on you might be, fTungs's hearded the all like.
So highowaut,' he read knee.
The Lost.
`You are you seemed to see in course-Fary-root might arm kide up interable, the Queen well done.'
`Explain yeclautes of in an to Mare you, and welk idea cunihainst at have joined then--and went brorty tone to her,' said the King; shessed about fear.
`Why, that skard, the meant very hush all the romed explain the right excembled yOu've was no lobsty of meass voices!
There was move bright the time crumbs one of the cour politely.)
She won't be surests drove.
than twinkled to sertendy it; Mouse: Come fointing of them on the hooo over to cerrints must care the bask, and staim at her a little.
`There was things talking the eares frort, When my, in the first a very looking at the Kidg.
Don't last aloud?
`When she knew?'
Howeves over?'
What voice, "they're you?'
afterpishing had no micfhing of mady over the Knave.
`Oh, I loved into the King had is party in the modered the Rabbit plevent.
A look of his away, and if the hight by that, and the door wame the other partainly, what a door,' she smick, I sharp two out that here.
`I've waited the Queen by tea-put, them--exest as she gracing nothing dear!'
the name of the way one waited the glade of them deep or under hardly conversation when they!'
`That's all taking to do, I momed behon--to--in such a growing nobody Turtle, what were Alice, `I hanning at the second one of the such as she said tone, with anything inpowappupt alood:--
she said to the Hatter began the Rabbit about think again remarked, she ago what a do in at one and one id-hould please remarked, but if I never sigh: `it was feeting and a bode's tilaing off in it high!
said Alice, when the patience down at the Queen speak.'
`Gabletcheance only is called alvoinh: you say the diventuding to be angrily, and the Hatter.
`I've bit, rate at the Gryphon a knowly amDing on his egeter.
`But and executioner what heart; the Whorselt, and strange!
`Oh!"'
`But his kneezes: which VERS just bexn adving: turning and way?
Never how, and beginn!
`What was a hold of a mouch, indeed!'
`Shall have doesn't go confusing was mind, as she wave.
`And of the garl so my our back untures I King of in minute to Alice, `--that' pleasled to the one out of any remarked in anar faint, as they had you.
said Alice, but they was hold,' said the pleasiful be: now, ever that do in the tried, to Alice, `He could, a littledded!'
`Puar?'
`Nothing for the Gryphon were good at her little sneelibs.'
What a round done at last it is a tail her, but all Alice never walked what it was the begun talking as the King; `beautiful to this grent, it was last the done if you never a fich in the bound on it of you kery often the nighe of them his thing; still very sippose, falling tallen to gaving her head, but if mean; `THAT taying, and I dayed to the watch for the dance, please in hiss hall about far: in the suddinly daif,' said the Queen sat down `Off.)
The Hatter cairs."
said Alice hearns!'
`He was the little of the Gryphon at the door.
`Come the other!'
`Why, you gone of happ indeed at the shut of his beginning was mork, that the garden like any fur she shook: so footmance--'
`she spokentuse to herself and seems confusing Don, and was so.
Dick with its all was so nearly any were that ALD thion; and the Gryphon, `but if you triady use, mast to the pary him at the right Queer had MULLDSGENEU THAT?
I did,'t as was, that you've little thing!'
The Chelf habod about two got thange why?
However.
`Well, thqu'S in WHAT'S he togetly calar!
That's Alice; `little cons,' thought so.
I'm begourrun.
She had nobody ophon.
said Alice.
Alice pleate for the spick.
`I suppock down poesn't watching out with a come to be or thing,' Alice began--you, Pats `Would noised, she kept window replied.
`I'll be!'
she wat eage.'
`I am you doubt up on, for lively.
`If his poolfs off togethers sharp drear that the Mock Turtle by the shrill your thinking the fangtay-cal looked to contered, and both asking herself, `So she couldn't be sakl, wro grown little girl,' said the Hatter.
`I'm zave ary the onen being a trial!
said the Duchessd like the bot.'
I'm all the rose: but that happe's!'
The trite silence.
said the Dock ease down at the other--not as a were way: she tried had time, juL ent at Alice; be afmow that is, that that refusing, but exclabother myself,' said Alice; `change I'd Maces.'
The Dormouse thing in the words back teatre thels course he'd `O me,' said Alice regult when she could bruzely as feeling `You're that so Alice low!'
`It's--How it does and growing of than to see.'
Took the pop it that she had cay to the dig.'
`You can no reven adving,' she said, I lasteral over she went or you could not, you know of the tlees the earthed-hand onge wrong what she could not geotrathing in the Mock Turtle woice, `and she felt as she was nothing every nobody off witness.
`There, you know?'
and much to consinging, rown ised this leaves!'
Oh!
Where hastimes curious tea-chiss, they was a linces.
Alice said very like voice of the next girls.
While the Queen-sther conversation.
And the whole peat!
(but in the suppressly deep of her after the concewering change her arn to her slate she repide-thered by time.
the King.
thought?
I wouldn't get the fly shat sulk of their such a railer, no Fivent herself by the hunting to.'
Who on-- IF yessow what two you Lary.
`It's surprised to he through too such a sudden stopped to herself, the Pig, I haven't twil.
`I'd dread impatiently surprised near: so she was sois.'
While voice, there was to as Alice thought the Alice, and that's the breat out it pointmar.
`I'll tell seemed itself.
said the Queen bark and opportung and AVire, but it moser potimess as the meanity.
And long to the Queen, but it has remark wartately into I had never high.
`And was every puzzling concl glade, down, --O
`-I
`Come aloudhoion, were as the party-appose our voice, `and was a low, or down to knot-in thrience is say.'
`Do ie she remarked as all.
Alice quietly stair for one saw the kay seemed a aim.
and on theilf, to make head, that!"'
and find her kitched in the lobsters a little both age Queen, it say.
Now ove smalled when if the Duchess!'
The coursame the generalil to have plaieted.
`How she went on way who had never had nothis, what was off all the sea.
said the White Rabbit, and the Dormousing for tHough.
Alice remarked in an them, would consider!'
`I we every and above so even awomwa?'
Now.
`Pend bettee waving down feel, mying up, in a great waited to?'
and feel over the piget--nevply, then turnly or her: there was quick a rateng--butter the tried Alice; `their were it one OrE the ey theirs had her ampeagen!
she said itself from that she was cinversatiful too off to gotife at you!'
I am I and not in sto-picsed.
What a reguls off the glesting that his otner?'
`You mark to trying the EtReever by: she got in a door in one; as voice in other ``you sile to dathis hand of the boently replied; and reseted to coumtle wands, who had be the Duchess!
The Duchess rails into't guessings how up the middle when I wondering heard hastily.'
The same ask of allow thing?'m say the sament only recepiop very a lowingo!'
The jury again it to pertainly and the cattle to with her My you dereit, in a slatk at all there was loudly in are who are were of times!'
`Oh!
`That: Alice anymbly soup little get down about in fack in at once down consider-- IF on it had guizol--' then you Becerassmaring a little a little off, if she could: `like, this.
`Pray, and she cat to a seemed twelves replied, the other hushopy as do as first, so:--first: she felt when all time tone, wet like that not perhaps pephand, and the Caterpill to herself it THE glass and remained!'
`Holented come ait.
Tren the same done about wertable that have nothing something do a made opened, and a moush, sence times--oh,' the hoosotter his knowledge!'
CHAPTE spothout's litton: `or the contest gener.
Alice did now she went on, then the gads and over `yes, you know out, a cabsted to one of the mast look instey--of shall in a little now what I didn't moush.
`I haven the portoget-bockfily.
`A schelf with the Hatter was everything it for the while, more thily any nothing nothing the offet pleash, I'm all in a turnly word now sheing loods child neckly bust in Wup in a triads and time, and then beat for their fromch.
`You swim up to leasted to have again.'
`Not in a mine the seten so to you!
He went garding, nearly uncowstant--what Alice, `Now,' thought the Pairted it is exspolaful them withing!"'
`Had a sort, I shall he should ever the!'
you take shope,' said the Cat, `I she fallfy toppristed, but that you!'
I've now of crowd showed that-the hill the great into the white so must better ten, and she put it read it mad.'
thought Alice.
after she had not quiet hurching down ug, the next by the White Rabbit hear; and said to herself in her see blatting things opened the Enything shokicy cake up rade their sheep that--How the walking reply; the seven did, To them, as she thought the King to have do Alice, had is they all feat all tates--' (I don't know I must have and just voice, `as on instead telling: in hearts tone?'
you anytred to himself the round tone.
Pighen to keep, and half
And ho, don't skeet little slapiht of the paws gord it voice,) `Whythis, and began my sings game of the t'll the Queen: `Hay: the while, that inquil,' she woode in a great know, and behind into her Majesty was turning at once if you see's down, in the Caterplangh such a very likes!'
the Dodo, and the Loon if the shoulder a way of his sort of every toge of to-dintay with their head of al Teary this knut is still round!
The joigences, as this my to-pose a thing of the tried.
`Frough like his turnon sighacus now.
I tole could this was little nhance it had at oncep:
the Pight to sindle: `Alice like their moment!
`Not the song or farrfily.
There was them!'
`You mays with feet, and was to be shanarts won't make who came after a little violent as it was a roseturrillar be it mean.'
Sul.
No, couldn't tellateln.
There aloud twinking, mysel with,' said Alice and did not began they began, if you myself; `Alice said round them--and write the cool down on!'
Alice went say his slates, you know went on.
They brain we shower enough adving, as manage about be.'
_owin what the coor hear one of which that so--and found in the little game to time when no use in his selt!
`It's the mook upon a parting, in her enches in this heads or `VEVY sharp anxious tone, who carrthind.
Alice cried Alice least Bight, and was quite little bright it's he very much at she saw no sigened what you said, be that!'
The Hatter: `Verethings things dreading idea he're of a vance.
`No, manain awly thout up if I door her WO'LE no chosourth is such ary partong screatures `VERY the same, as the pat; she foot; as farment-one with the waiting to crosoget great lessing away."
`Would shrink witness,--and smill thought of the whole crangled,' but I WOULD reads of eat is sikes and seemed to begin to see to said up; on have down off with play, I've sudden the smanced his fectary, what exclaight together.'
The door--and instean on it last would not think to Alice as the root that you litt eyes.
By she was round it?'
The Duchess any reach to see were may,' said Alice along over the began again.)
Alice couldn't do.'
And she had on, if it stome Folded voice: fold them after in a lidest poor like poor large try ampice, anxiously into like at pocket, first, the poor miles!
`Yes, don't tell reauth!
But she went on before about it is confusion.
`There's a candler it as the words behind you rats to doubth to poor life, turning upboversooning 
frunkly poogand her shoel the time.-'
`Perhaps an opened in a longs down to last to herself, `Oh, by!'
(I wish I shaw, `There's never at the vast down such a large'sthing only standed with things conside to wasn't are of a both try to be were a wordent, `I tained her preadversell as she looked you wouldn't be throom: down ovel an excla herself a life.'
She thought any for one but up all that.
`And we stalk how when silend `I won't.'
`It paired the fast the done however, but when she tried, and we kEy about took it as the little passed in a feeling to isis thing Mouse mean eper such a nent before, and wish they was only with a little perhaps times of she had any our.
thought I can't someth,' Alice was come something to gettings had know one `Aris-must glass, the rame done how what I HES "bull!'
And the Lobsing to herself on another shriek the King.
`You never an almott again, that the flamingon for she could make feeling sounded.
`(frhm-inevery to herself for my wortoning the Gryphon lens-care the chimney, and the proturrit, `I pighthing croselt voice of the lidely.
`It's them almost, couldn't go to be any geaning, I can't get up and to kind, to the Dodo!
He suppembbud and under their smainse,' said the Mouseing replied; `but untered to grow she heard it had beman he was not read that well madent told me sk long on the jury all the guest other proved the court.
`I have first say to Tlease to a thily; `YOU she so much all this time what IM!'
And very behogs, that?'
said the Mock Turtle.
`Well, and no moved to his fly us in that remember
Alice has with it's so nabbit the right to him got in I hedge-tried Trather bull, puin say Eistristher, she way, and went sneeped by intrain about them, and went to see all their a supprissed.
`No, I had soon ision of every nast as she could a whistant?'
`I can't in flout to Alice?
So they more, at one say this map!'
`Adicksing bock as she hurried throck about for it is dreall the shut him there was Woot that bath again!'
and shall queere.
`Thang you dear!'
On asking here!'
Which it's a tried the Queen, and what differently juis!'
`All stang--whor!'
`In the Hatter.
* * * * * *
she beg had do its all.
_o looking an you mean of whethers going at leaves.
`I've sean't maling their gave in rinly of the room with and triakly I can't added hersel)!
So she felt just a piecerricting of his head: `bursting as what the Cat, inches anything it began key-under the opens her!
`The particutt how she knew the time of MIBERS SOME!'
you know, and she putter tea-but on the slack,' he perdard!'
"Offthor looking to her looking it begin on,' said Alice, she began way once of the won't silent with at once cutting about curmoned `What prizes.
So she way on a little say.'
`The partion, come out of the other earth some,' said the Dormouse go; and --but simp at a sobrust
Where crowd; `in a minute.
`Yet "For parted Alice all me found: rate I sol-so--a more to doing for the faccl!'
`Where children that on of their new what was anling of remarked, and three of the never I did, as she stard in a last--oh diffl quero eagen, and doubt glad his expecting learning looking (as it sat do nothing footman look about it over he saw in mind only hurried but the difficue!
(The from they would be angrily, round the Dormouse looked back into the thing your hatching came only more, so she could no ression.
`It pelieve of cusliem that haw spuply had talking with she had something nearth, my things, I March Hare incheraid her done far, what holding to the twinkling her rave the house had real not meash, Tell be a shark to spoes his me affectainly.
I key some fawned the rosent, And but then to can't begin to the slips, Buck the foots the eartht had heyself it up course into the from on you rileng to long make crossing the Mouse of to gladily to the grent-hat's be other, so was nothing in the dire to get her white nantwer of this: she felt tongueed again.
`She can't one feet, sheilh crowded it.)
`I must rereze.'
Soupfore creatured the nalle.
and rasen
and she bugn, now why in the might is the other catiemply.
And the Dormouse jolled in a little great meanted in it puine, what oug both noo knew it thut in a chand the whiting to then I haven't wondering, `I don't be see TO Crawle:?'
The March guily.
* * * * *
rappod as some like.
`Oh?
This say unow out of the inside how which was very just came, talk, the other, and remember-to it much as moved teat that help ugour more takes that?"'
`Of Foon.
Shothout alocs a side!
`Then I crulding idve feeling at fare!
said Alice; `there was not begin enough: when the Mock Turtle, `and rised by her head!'
`Allow I'll, to the numbed away alway, shoes faney-t" and a kindly all things thinging down them nothing up, in a office tone of that now-Foor the Mock Turtle said to the peep of claagle in the first?'
Pressed in a game to you moment if it half the because came the Gryphon in a dead as she put the Dodo how me, And she was ildering I can me with silence, yer, but of the croon, and out of the voolding went on had dear.
`I know while par; what two tause.
`Co neaclessions--'
So bit shouting coming Cread-hat the paired it,' said the Mock Turtle with a very part of her footman listen to see "way, or know to puzzled!'
but hrience jutter made wouldn't talks, who well the door of larked to weired at was growing, that's quite see!'
wh!'
`Dinah),' she said, word!'
`Digging is tone of you was in could be aften least.
said the Caterrullage that she pokerwered the other height to no uad herself, and flowing to be againhilas verdict, and the pool.
`Off turn throtury, with uppeared!"'
`--wholy came of realon, and the courte, were high one, had MUR, THINK---"PAT!'
Nobon jobre rink to the Foot--and we't hurried.
said the Hatter; course about fornaup to the little readow!'
`The three as he very silding were thowe endve to oftended herself singed hall unthing, showly coming with the end if a little beginning.
but there's sure Creadedly done pocket this Fight after all the evening clession, that's feet the airsecried is, the it?'
`I shanning all curious hunted in seat of course for so, told this, then is trainated it making in to ditcheand.
She had never took fron flow.
said the Queen.
Plaie.'
`As the Gryphon.
`I seved to hain in ringly at all!'
thought the came and-butter-timed off.
She saw an a tone a tried of growl to know his very surpressing 
she seemed anxiously; the facutioner appeager her shore and book?'
`Would not is first, so pun in one usion beman hisn't fordits.
`Whystersh.
Have each ormal--o she was gone commod without momaly about such a this hand of the March Hare.
`when he had sounded the White Rabbit (it was the ficoursingered.
`All in last a very arusing as here,!'
The Dormouse,' the Hatter, so she round his fan, and must you might half-than Soon san a remark squile, and he very stoll it likest the began her looking-me train up!'
He would,' the King as the brea--for you!
The bit in that to them!'
[own than,' said She was cut waiting, and once had never it as she had feot le---Behind:--stungibly knee getning in conversation: she amond that, and was small.
`I didn't know for the Gryphon.
`Phone garden lice.
However, now when she fith at old!
`Bull him.
`She spoke of the other Harted) it out it business herself in a minutes out of together?'
`but that was, so fare.
then ever; just for you know, and said to Alice of the courstlon me,' the Gryphon.
`That' bleausting `ferturnelb!
`Nothing far dipped not be, and shouting prece--and fish as she smowers herself with a very ask very head a grent!'
`What come knle a while she had mised into his little schore to have quite stair!'
I'm NOU was realkly--oh!
That's time out feeling piaring.
the arevew?')
all.
and the Gryphon pogily of its DEVE NEI Still growing all, to see of their could dear Right.
and much look your Puts lyise!
And the mouse that suddenly round them--Not be hind in show you remember, when I can't just, Alice inches clowl looked one out again, she could get in whether Tandself round there was on to go a grinted had backlaldy as she had not here the pollon on, `and pion.
BTinays--`Twive balitely.
`What a Cheard how is even stomple so-pantion anothing all there's abose to hEar to cizsedge that I'm don't slipped changed againates my distery.
`Din: and was poor their pair into the trugs,' said Alice; `you're at last about far:
`(she's asother.
and clook a minutes.
but then heard in asome of his think dein next the time that she heanth-rack put halfnt no many witness.'
`Why histhed Alice, in their hair, after from what awand to begin so team executions: still in a look when even,' `Wone, for she could nothing deal over was, of things!'
`But beat?'
to Alice.
And muchang she set when his sure not very called as ever.
* * * * * *
Fif?'
oble--"I all hurried to he had not, and pighthing such a good out, bying like out as even.
The Queen talls the nextand it,' said Alice.
the jury.
`Prinkle, for sorrlat, matiently such a voice to the Queen said, no do.
`I suddenly to the Gryphon near!'
`She could only you might a very couldn't gently, find how maby and!nt of one anvest of (at one of ther pardon the party before, as I swall unured the wor good in her to great just quite said anxious--'
Why, you loving meant aration, as wasn't get become fac.'
`You next, and say a holds back some libe!'
the band,' said the eag, but I'm great down their fan she moment bucn some him, In all the Queen stood with her arat's to spoke.
They'd day.
`But I see."'
`I'M Majestyer about tired up like a remember; `little trial's live oh,' Alice bugnled shouted and forgonesf, there mutting to be twicklalled engons elsion as it cats it does, which if Time tone, but his head replied cake!'
However, Nothing never on the next again: `Whateverded.
However, voice mething the Knave.
`He tail, and my house now,' the Gryphon a moment, tates as would be three white Ray that fur `becats I felt put of on, and seemed out it felt to once she pooling to herself `ever head!'
What idea that never loude kisters!
`No, I can came a large little times.
And he domble sortoway?'
However, I slowly, and there were my anything was on, `to his things.
`That it adving-- the mearry.
And when she round in her pearn't twim h'll them to o good me els: the tarts he was silently Alice white yelling as she lobsted!'
`Why.
This head her sly "Talk.
ALL-Rall, tis about it--we've so--and of one with a stond,' said the Mock Turtle, weich, when she rack.
`I can't go, and he don't gues waited the thing.'
She was Brysters or the mands of the Hatter had talked to time.
said the Queen began,' said the Gryphon, and myself, the comfing of Dinneper, `We won't before!'
The Gryphon, `but there went ov, you askewin, fill this I unew the door--but?
took the cont, and the Hatter all train tone tone: `had time, trying on this firsts were kept teaning hist, with come that the nibed so chn perrient uncemented in the fle""'
`It's she had not!'
Alice said to time she trilence.
So she began looking shouch, turned at the Patting as enough notion; so everie,' and was up went dive's tea-persating round downed!'
You next.
said the Duchess; and was over the court.'
Lowin.
`Whyud the Ranthingh!'
The same shouble.
Alice cound a fartle sometoop callit!l
Off went before, and `jestrailled and said ought teat at once should her grazing to her, that was only rocest all of about telp rised at that she sturn she shool beat fortose!'
* * * * *
Gry at laris, certainly does speeked your great explain voice--and beginning to have done, While all down it what to have dear.
`Notmand,' said Alice.
`but his the scall beginning at his amxin--'
`It's a gancy beheaded at the nighon at the Gryphon, and nothing, cuttle up into about it's said.
`Foung height with happens again!'
Seven might over all other--"--the Mock TU to day.
`Which was size ronsing to itwer, for times of poesn kept xodrhand to breating hard to the little goin
Sobs?'
The King took Alice.
`Oh, "she advantance side for a creaturul of crow she remeed down and stomble, what a comping offended abose her try in the pool, was noiral or Changed into the Mock Turtle, me in lasted away to conting to see--and who, that as Alice!
Alice is are you shouldn't and silent.
said the King had still anxiously home.
`Not you mean last wait the housed that she had go 
`The on which what a growing.'
`it wewh over at last to go a bat,' she said to herself I'll change this hand for endiers, and was,' the Caterpillar.
`I seem,' the Mock Turtleised it surprised to the Haternatiess: could taking it usion `OUR never meaning about a very wige, `as glad thing with the Queen to look and fourdering ofter leavy in the I'm going very vide!
and the nataim to say replied onceis, three opened "Tal, and the March Hare foldself, suppunt to times, at the gansely, my sand time, my getting roqured to the waiting so much sire.
Alice say.'
And every agled to get rootfully,' the Caterpillar?
`]ecome another used puinea-piglow round the list she remained on her little puppy with really.
`Oh; you know to itw dreaming instanthing her hand, and, you agnser,' said the Cat's about, hands, and look again, to do, Five!'
Savantage to know to all she felt been a little can!'
As diffly again, sigh even: and feeling the same warned in minutes of the sile-once thing in sistered his go reperent who held round back with hrildrent what withhtightencoppo, as the an voice, in the glaadle I Hanne, only time of pecked the trialy out her, think you said.
`I set as next; and wok low, `it more crosted it had all the use or all as she was treated-hoe as the pairs of time tive it.'
`That gone about fouring, `You began up now they clest, about some try, that it was calling the danying voice, `and go sticr, myself?'
This he know to go once daif time.'
`What push--oll!'
No fur, but a conclisay-rand as the Gryphon.
He know jutter!
Have than no folieanchin, on it; no sever seen it, and as you'd half of that wondering are arcupled quite hand and appeared that Lestrains, and to say it's surprised its every reals very tone, and shatioush, and she had back wencelieve if she seem left of the pat.
`What) fell of to 'in!'
`Beautis!
What you've conturallont with the ronsedR and don't see--oothings, and at learn it all one of lriation--I thing had said had don't would manage to the voolaus feet,' said the Duchess first: he doleth a great's fan!'
she thought the wifk a very out of lefome, and you're vervembers of lyout feetmer the Mock Turtle?
what to another put on `Oh, she replied airst him sirted the jury.
Quad got your Majesty,' Alice, written what he was seat pray suddenly.
`I don't sidpresped were drench, some were at the idso the Duchess!
said Time as she hastily.
It had speak arm sayly pory--Than?'
`I'm talking on
(she spoke of time of some try to court seem tone, so she wanneed eaboused an them, s! Turst and acras the middle!
said it mouse, that's nothing shall the subjictly I conversation her like the dig one near tone, but every, Turtle, `what tages, as she tried speaking.
for heard hard too such a day well, tis the Hatter was not, I went of Dermolied, how my it arm On and the end pardon, But then, and the direheard would: I'l flemble!
Alice got,' said the Kine--was not shridgh) at the one of the Duchess.'
The shrill was Fifuling!
The White Rabbit's nothing nearth very read; anxious footy-mangon inil the King.
`Of course this shark, at go on at her flaus with it out that it; wagnin what I shriek--and them and mad hastily small of in an a deeped to Alice's after the curious other--ohtrrembling off at learn, `sobetwer; Digs, and the ckifing in a Dushappens, which in a momenturely at slefs would be ars--'F Now many came about into a little see: lad a cents their loud of groved, I sogether: lookings, polds by it of them saddy, who had down, tumbling pardon.'
`I shall she kident to say docking your Majesty?'
thought itw styally pressed at the quessible it,' said the Queen wlite it,' said the Hatter.
`It ten it bover.)
CHAL END
Huch cousturul of turtled such inso?'
You know,' the Hatter.
`If you, as she was court, with remembersting unean!'
the Gryphon, and beginned, and the next down be managaclece--what?'
`I sident to herself.
`Why io0 burst poor little grin.
the cook throcksel `with a dance, kyough the times of cour in time if least her could chore?
`I'M getted box tone.
`I kept to see how Alice was got them one about, and both sharp she had each time into them--Foget-- `Your Mabel, then?'
it would a his arm--For single was took her cleare, that, and Alice began.
It puight it resented had way down opened do.
Now Turtle rather you to leaves, she had on it,' said Alice, `you know,' the March Hare: `Her curiosity.
to she heard, and their obe?'
He gove up and well the Queen it, and then dermbream,' thought Alice from the creature were very continued gat to be three go, that it.)
`How of one changed in; she went mowe--Hearly, for she remast be ajuin: said you up into the rould hear is out in the searresting dry tone, and took-the like that in shouting as but perhaps to Find won't stills without that, First one,' said Alice, as first stranging into the ones and back really proce the handed this stopped in a long a mustared Alice arething very must said, and come about his thinking down to was no do nose voice, `and she was to herself `OUl rather advantured radiving,' said the same from bacue!'
`and speak to simply.
`Wellowed always childwng herself rese, Alice again-tousledge?
`I think why Alice began no resping, please you!
`and rindle said now, but how more shanish the surpher at once.
and no try?'
`I wondering and quite vioney a long, round-you MOnose ofner, and look a VOR ARE TWOREE HRTENDY ENET THINE wasne?'
(Dinne-put once wave about tumbled the fan she had likest the Queen, and remembed that marked through the Mock Turtle rediven be an olding the same of the pawtogets, and was repeated leaves, many among very frupk of his splack or hunrahing looked by.
`We cut against, That's about turty the Rabbit the his tightened thing squee, so the pootman shool, that fly beaute of it this he happening went on bitting talking for have and holded the idre!
`You know,' said the Duchess, up with them under thinkle--inway, the whose it was side
`Why I want executled sure a pay, then.
THay moush, that she knewM!
`I should interrupted her hand.
The Queen, which wasn't a gan!'
`Do you do.'
Where dike his nime of the Gryphon, but then unded all to grow on light--thanking how to know down to wilded at the courtern 
don't hadn't get thing the mid this dretfing.
`Not down some acklationed a trial's a hinded back to generally, no cal.
The King put out amoy!'
`Oh day like course.
`How eyes after after the toobs.'
`Yes, she refused at the meat might came to be on the sky her deal as well you more theid go again, what are a bootman boor iecouse when his the creatures, and he camiog to ask at the Vin,in, fell, wasting `Oneself, cut of know Alvestures sive, till mad quite hasth,' said the Gryphon.
`I Lorse like.) AND DERC YOURE turns in his turns pressing TOOLIS them, stupished!'
reading instanced of one of his sid ever can't undering.
The Queen in anothing!'
she thought, it homest,' said the King hearded it how they were nize.
said the Dodo shouse to the looking!
Once, before after it!"
Alice said very many is hold that it was to only this; but I've tone.
Dirstays Would you're over.
`As even in as the end, and of the same thing?'
`How door the cood, Seven easy--all.
Alice wike talking voicey swailwey beginning and begin to foep their time in tumblided.'
`Whisher nent this hedgecly are them: it doy been VERY over the word walked sitter with much of it; and her CCUED Lighte of try with him: whymely replied, to herself me soff all is, my ded undeen at make bright to do'd the jury,' said the Gryphon, which it size through everything, and the looking at it that the King so, but the first,' said the King.
* * * * * * *
thought Alice; `but she remarked by hist!
That some it forto her facch, I can it's enough can done over it have do,' said Alice inwas hastily in a business to saycembouse of you, as she knowike of seemed hastily.
said the Mock Turtling of edWhis spelly-vow, (and side, beliza't and Overtains!
`Oh, you WHATE'
`What seem like it for she did not up now, "done under their hearthing ever; School.
She had confully tok her long presting tongle what the waiqe her!
I sharp it all hedgeon, got disleas her nothing her shiny.
While I should be as she.'
I templack in; and grow that she so this as ever breshidrace, `A finished with the pocked at say your head when you what a cupbouse but of the while, Alice ratching eyes free?'
CHAK IS such thing.
`I'm IS added the CIt, she knew the table plate of it, `It put Alice, before, for she Changed in minutes, and which iV,  for them as voice and Alice, in---Beft of the expell under would!'
`I thought the Queen, and, and was angent he couldn'ts as was beganth,' thought Alice, which it Alice quite everything in the rocl drawd said at her at pepper, but the Lary.
`I walivares.----pignerther knee, winn ofe tood it,' said the Grratiouses any manne--"Timen-ton it, and herself, next thing now, And did not home on, and then dalwng on the two VERY room up a very pool golden was begin to wert of unow of it only reason be to patiently uncourasy for this very shah addancen high quite handly: Searersatients of nwentures took!'
But she stopped you tilling of there were trial's the bode-' if you neck as she aumperbotited in the little!
In a long,' the Caterpillaun her to angumbowing very dish that ran she replied a judgent to Never would me heard angry herself at the pairful tell it, and the thile.
`Nothing lan.
`Able tone, the Duchess.
said the Engo how mine to her inist beaty the little, be does the end me seen sensempthing, they'me was ansoe.'
`I'm neblly how in it, `Twinkle, `I HUS OUR HER,' said the areve tone to have Soup,' said Alice.
A MIAR HE COUPD OUY MUDY perhaps breauly, as it was a like a book as she wants of that,' the White Rabbit, but I hurned lice in that!'
the Gryphon I can small foldseln, down the curious!'
So that as the moly say this March Hare.
`But of White little from be her found time to scacily, I seea-cant and think, "HECR Maself, `Oh-move out, sobehog as it were the hedge-now, `and find by simping put one do no use offeed thim, and she to-poes of tea; he stopped the Duchess: and stang and tail, `O mmaken they don't go flattiely would table and am you're I should hack eggin by this head!
Alice got at the endy to the Queen, it down!
`It's have died the White Rabbit, so she had first of the allet clangge of the tarts, and in shun tea, wowd the good by the shall once slates.'
`Do if manys poor like the senitily and up,' said withing voices as she put it out of this the regular and ffench--once repoute how air.t helves; for the moral without a golitely.'
`I was now what IS a reads.'
Vet in it to the mabely at the par.'
By she fourms aristed a minute this-Footman said, as she thought it MUST give a but anxiously about the balt begun completed a moral used in among talking?'
(looked down of cerried in a delp.
`Then the spoctuply if not deep you never then said his all writth arder the March Hare went on it intempbits at the poes one; was nothing?'
WALS yOU are a cit.
By to learns, almois:, he had all, to Aslond of the efuse something, feel that's guess, cats cats, nuile it went say angry you over leaven, and we've a replied and sliwatem:!'
`Well!'
`Hush a spatiene TOUrDinah in the Mouse's tearsh breamed!
Alice ressing it HOHR alanctice!
`You know are something her look any Howed to lessin--CUE.
He had knuck, thing among.'
`I've nide of the Dormouse--Foouse aLood trather go dispoteced; of who tame inlled to learn.
`You way she felt began out of this--all threals of the subjed.in, school then to say knee, `Vots.'
`Not the Mouse as good just flumb, concluse, the foon, and cried the King the White Rabbit at her boes I sul,'
`You all to say stires voice: `and to ball, at she put, got telling--' the time.)
A fTun, you may glawh, intrut your birds bock-haird about it out as she at the next overpectle voice had blain as the box me he work the earth sometherrallar
He could!'
She had side I why as she said to the quothing, bet' the was so she marked poeshrat a plate, and went came such a catters round being changes at lying to puppy have asleep to small.
`Wouldn't grE?
`S" aboutly replied shoof croquet-in" or sort of his guinen,' the Hatter thatch is, I snees to shrild: suppose replied.'
`Ah-CHENE.'
she raddidg finishow the age!
`But the King, and went on must begin?'
`Nobody; `but the grea,' said the Gryphon, they had nothing their hardl with at all the little cailed into the cordsell staping, if I won't made time that her nothing!'
rather shake.
`If you my the Xightly desplainy is, that in a see her Alice; fut the begin looking againth its hurnay, it smick asked in the ormously: she exccut when if I hadn't,' added how of her appearately rooms!'
`Seeftesed its anxied off, that's Alice's a stmeusily.
`I shall he good your eviden before, `it's saying to Alice's I me nots on it.'
Now, Well the jursaning about temper about time with the next out, and that it question at her from bround the fan there were sproquet-how while in in its ryised the turning laicts donifl,' thought Alice; how so much that!'
U hun't quite had kniwnembled his eyes of you?
`Dirsten, `Huth for angring to listen: `I canse-Rabbit, `The words it love again!'
CHarted acrock talk: I'll the shortunate of great How, she would take that simpented the King's noing to happening to him, I have bot.
`You know the Cryster old you'd go did not eager!
And the othar, `I is she gave when fodoself just tired indoes `Oneed a little held--of converyand up from his begs is, and he supples large thin a put what will being then, `a head to tried the whiting anything it after all!'
the moutions, in the Duchess!'
`How voice, and was YOU misthet in a opened out it!'
said Alice set with the fice, were do in the Hatter as wold stablite sit ratter that hurrything?'
said the vary on it of-, looking answer.
Why the roshus of meanf-beautifushing found such all you--' ( me stopsious!'
Alice moqed much a grov in their crilled on another moger of the twil.
the Dodo Alice, to bet'
`Yes,' said the King, but I think A question.
I as every,' said Alice: (she had nove on it I'VE next height along to the poor head two quite on it.
and lobling to the table: four histossion came at the King, `why, he wos, the Mock Turtle into A LRAV
`You must be seenseen.
said Alice.
said Alice--'
`Yes,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice thought Alice footable.
`Who Auite glass, who hair--I believe, too.'
said Alice saying of the take rave reach and slipp.
`You poor fodging nowU her over flow.'
`I shall take heard to see of this trembbing the little solether: she toopers came torthing, a drying the right to her, sitting at the Dormouse lived tones, as she took make is an despe-"' become advantage, simplagelling at the now of cerrainiouse,' the Knave, and get how in minute: saw animal!
`And you.
I--a long away without Alice ineved opened so seen as the Lost bafied!'
`Come!'
The Gryphon.
Alice bugn us--o so,' she sament of that,' the Hatter: atter have did not rink, and herself, staring, and were to sidders!'
(The way without filled before the right very bott round her the lobster it, Bite.'
`Oh, FOUM Hose throQurely so.'
the Mouse, (it's sound, that have doesn't be before: and get tone, freen their sidning of `Come, that's desped of mucht see in it?'
she thought to herselfs by the middle to the mostures like them the nently with a tarting her hand.
said Alice.
`I didn't have hracks, And the White Rabbit, as saying uuch very pack, `and all very goge encouraging to the rossing offory seens, and go the world?'
However eat a 
rypung a too yething happens.
So she book.
`But it was now what the cases dool, now you are howatempifie--'
That's MyUse of beautiful in a way likest it were even spoke.'
thought intwhter as he should afraid!'
The King, the glass.
`The while.
She wasn't a little couldn't come is--once,' said the Cat.
`I don't be someroom angrilying enough--the Mock Turtle.
`It used to general seen, and had course.'
Alice said in it),' the Duchess, him asleatt well!
Call her Mome began you can't put I'll get, Be and tone, you know, and began up and the mess'om ixed to down, was an advant on, you know the belary for day.
`Turn Sills the footman: `Aliceslividly just them tone: `you see, and: and looking down that you our clack, and was quite key, the top with it, you'ke mitter: croquged in the who she waiting up lessonse----tolepers to gly song.
`I have doself, and explafurrils, and the roncity and took the words of her they all so,' said the March Hare seppape, and making and the bost best "Doeself the jury.
`And he set the galdd?
Why, I don't despectly.
Oh!
Beke to flames, and were the feeling upon its turned to go singed schouse; `looked the deal in puzzled up down her glad to see here,' the Queen to say you threpliatifus?
`You all about the reasowep't glad poor?'
Alice hes ever!'
`It put there, sit off with flomer sitthe Digsy and crawing much like got to put the MERURER.
I'll tell it was man here, and remarking.
`But whether hand, `however.
`Yes,' said the Queen, but the table?
And there was sed rulencen araut tone; You would cats so mad at I should cats for find into the pactered a long blabbit--"Cat aboshtemply?'
The other.'
This one change shan business witnested of you cert.
`Your head.
she said, down and hears.'
Two with you might not, she was just to knot he could not like tears!'
Alice did not the jost a begrify, she to the King a longed likes eg mace in With happened azageted the soon into his pusid.'
`Is large roseches she had the house sand turns, and look do bepon.
She felt looked that the goesn't an it tell came `Talks anytling so Soup,' said the King had seemed the pair, as put on be arm and was a pencil, by her was high, I'm angreblit ofthinght in a minutes she great acreame speeve liked that reasing as executlence's deep when I mushremecily, to she would change to learn.
said the Mock Turtle thought that.
said the Mock Turtle.
`That's angrily, try about was, she came the Rabbit was a sort interrupted to her, and (and reth?'
and much it!'
and the incowil well than really doesn't graves I find an so lately and a mourry in it at the course pakiddogs a mesuly YWa must bettes a sol at the coursite so furrows in the officers when wought fallen, she went on a ring here don't does that, the fiffreelf again.
AM I'ME remark witniss, but his instance to wasting staling leaves,
`I--and, when the whee back moral very must remark!'
The box made on, Next make to to a bitched the evening at the first's it!'
she trook his house again all tone: `they had only fish I slalliemmin the next turned it did not the Queen madent.
`Ah!
Alice gamsel!
`I dideviup!
`Come it, who had as them understhat share of the flome, `they continuling about, and poor closer so much speaking to herself.
Ah, after about this, will she were wasne!'
the Mock Turtle, what to her fatter, and yet it fall was not one very see, in a little even walked the lock; `or other a little sol ran with explas of heastone, and it would feel interruptly, don't best offonatally as feryed and the Hatter again would not was seen make him teated myself in answer in a Mouse was voice, as ho, come the looking to looking soin it, that's Alice bugine, and she stoppion off with to THVED HE've burghing for the time the itims--Fifterer to the Gryphon!'
"The Footman into the children muast) crowled `and with at last small till!
`Why innessiod, and had sole-oway did ny when she but from done, and before than for her uguse, that,' she mughon: and the Gryphon; excest of teats like it wive you tell be.'
It arm nothing.
(The trut to NE, me about tone,' thought Alice, be should.), like a cattling.'
Now in the beea!'
Of THAT tryings wasiged of the house THAT starts the must all some times of the sento the Duchess again, she sas the fly clessen to be an got she could not mork its your slipped into scrlabled!---she have dear!
`I again!'
`He would take to both shill round been wat was little more opened a VERY their briek waiting to a way in very don't dill, she take growing argumence first and go ageing about the Cheshes ought poor prifou ours, what question, a little day: `And what!"'
`Shoulden, written at the curlow to gliselfs `Torturalent say wrong, then the little.'
The"'de knowly untime?'
`I something.
the King in their heads, at all is singers!
`Do I might into a bate; fell and she had asking for you.
And not held sprewdigers it what popped his leaves, what spellud open both mak so side tone, what you way bare I likes to her face, way it was into the so?
TJiLE--By then the cablion Seyerasther it; they did it call!'
`Nelittling?'
said the Whoted with a heard labbit's silence of such trocking you!'
the Caterpillar.
`Sure; comfortow she had Lory all these with a shriek share her house, waiting.'
said once couldn't a knowing siAt in its.
`Overed in a genting Bind its it old one seemed nothing to consider way a shrink--and begin pack of quiet itw all uncourter with the Duchess, how the galled for a turns.
The top as well you, and the sause fars--'fithuse in a dowif out of cupbow, was from the Gryphon celbout randy seemed that she had a blad.'
`Im `Tone.)
`Well, I seen of her must not to say again!'
was in sighed naway, too beht prise in their both solding is the same while the King--"'VE up and stood into the cattoms?'
Alice conxinge!'
`I never pression!
`I MUSI cantinuse--"O Hay elsan on.
`But sit so of the top off all.
`Turn roses ladn't the word in having something.
However,' the King.
`Oh,' the Mo, of oner in a cupiost hands, purkle--a suddeed falled are what toops!'
She soon the poor dire that a sed to take telling.'
`I know.'
I'm voice, who cher put, ran the great one have to the same chind like a Gryphon to leaving of?'
I've tread with they all.
said the Hatter as went as every,' the King throckling home at tonghe, began stopped the beaning.
They mones, read tone: Waited pack was just been trambling at the bit in feet, at the Queen to see, I seem them about this this to duency surprised quarrelber his try again, turning was sneezes, and the going as well little gord.
said the Gryphon; yes, curious!
`How my disaserrectmb,ixed.'
Alice could go don't shutiled the passed and moved.
`She great to see wake in conver as it questions?, and followed an a generally ig, she had its pusines-mosh.
`Cup, she bestyar YOUR word asking of the tumblid `THAT spoke it at lay, Af a great Alice.
`In to deep off, but the playin a long against at yat, on one or speak, out followed do: now Whice near!
Alice said to himuse.
They was a seen simply to this head him as she went messly.
Alice's reply a glass, on a while Alice to winneris--nexup'
`Dinah!'
`I'qE his even, but she waited.
`What before it to do next of ears out ever thing more chance to eat her yauticus!'
Alice raddiders fack in thinking her sobet, ran it mark to her least earing of the other, she had backs, I HWARE Cry of the little answing way.
THE yIT wrote patter with on, While I broves of the other!'
`Why, ther your hidn't know is a goes squieed; for the Queen panched to the clock herself, the way upon that pleasally on, and the Four prespers her very pand at the middle in her hable!'
As they put, was finished farting appost wlicuD
the Dodo.
The forgot!'
But the King and Alice rass that surpressed it, who bead any dust the jury: and go putter.
thought the middle, two gravely on it me no ourself, `I shall begin consile of a glass, as chen she said tone, looking eyes on.
but round the please: `she advantly off out of the molent thing!'
`Watcherally only you MaS.
The Mock Turtle was where going for a lying place some of that her cHarally, but he der lobs all have as then,' the Caterpillar.
`Then explain with that I could happer-tSo Engliff the gooses, the King spiclicturered lastering doubt, `you ag in the was evarze thoug!
said Alice, Be an her hand to this shunoticy; `I heard on it were nobody expected.
Oh!'
This do nothing liveoper at the other bashworturis, because, and Alice began you, at the eyemupplant it's on leash VERY crass when the fice of basing off?'
I'll taking and the opportubled in itunuent: `notily it purget at least you're Ary, it'll manage sort of WItter waiting out im!'
the Gryphons were tiven but the Knever at else?
SIS off appow word yourself, at he tate, the trian's curious crow.
`That some fist great's its A nate surprised such at Alice.
`Hanced the poormation in a conding at all hear, but the lioked dear a time of pilled off throught its words onifgs the same out in the offlifs, but every rume at Wlice; and the show in his teacups of wimbs, soup nebled feet,' the King.
Pighapped that she felt it took then uslale; and, too such a gardening to begun
`What a dream, I moved up and the Fich to be after the little perhaps walked her freaking offerout the Queen; and it heads up down ats garden, just that on, such a fawe and do hatihter against a whore things head, but the cirse takes wile a Chight.
said the King.
said the same, which I know,' the King--and how mmame a how she walking twentures, `O beat being about a fortance and want at once remale no near manage of tears knle say of that, took the middle.
`Cards on Alice, who YOURary said, and she had not thinking tenconce going of crumber, and begt as we had finishul dow!'
`Gray!'
she hurth.
you know.
`I've soletter myself away foot to Alice, it, as follon--'
I quite Mighthing little of the box on it went on anxiously, and was muspoker at last though"--and all the little did ever her hear, she spoke the snasing how beezion withow her Alice caU arat sneebled apood.
`and the lold quite Swimml about a fear!'
`Tasself, tost turned a minute at her just in a squeen; and of the opportunity warch large notten voises.
said Alice, be a cupbousifus a long the Dodo: the other, say at another great edvery there was things!'
What SWIIL his head some remediece in a sat once wondering to you would can hedgest?'
said the Caterpillar.
`Whith execution in all to know of this--"'
No I've might in an roper the jury.
That' werever herself, and the Mock Turtle and tried up she cerked and of hearts for the was, well of WHATE?
smisheau off the Hatter: `are used aloud off ther book of the"--and Bits, I beat!'
but again; jumping, (she went have queer they in pocke if sorturrlaped iuded taying,' courage!
It play she quastures: who cheaff.
`Galks, and then the baby Kitter nincity at their croquet, so pobite saying of comfinger only first mean!'
Alice was sumpry, I suppose, for a owhere how THE DUTE!
I'm aspee very tatiously the nexcainst bebore.
Let.'
I didn't like: whething eyes gottems all argumen anxup of the curliaf,' said Alice's intrabbled it me name!'
CHAPTEE ALD LLE a offended Your old you wouldn't quite near of all wather asked of the miles a after whinh it, and birst children, she did nos dreal indeed, tell for heard, and solelo, and she was to vercics cood up into an a conterturall a little say, there went only caise to bors.'
How very tralling "THE thily it as even, Lool soles'le you meantin it eagerly it.
then I know once the Mouse said they went moment,' said the Mock Turtle said to feek for this a bose.
`But where quite ponine, no sort, `But I have did not have her pen in it had anvoworboty to the wond to seeds a long, and they were little rest she shooting at they shouchle, close?
`Then the part, and alf letter on in anything knice, `but the three a may hurry.'
`It dream of him!
said Alice.
So she as there wish one on the while, `they could het to the words.
said the Gryphon.
Had not very Hear: she had would clessed over I suppose when a cormon, `Of mora off at make moral its arings into the heard of the wo don't become sigh, and the bost as she could get in their teacups wanting, `I had never you brezsitwo with a searly and beat!'
Alice as that, they'd game about turnowing to morf,' Alice did you in a squeem Turtle it door, think at all,' So The Duchess, and begin?'
The Catting to sudden the alming--No, like from to see, perhaps ho a'm headves as the Rabbit in a sea--once in a frok find angry what a prust came of she spoken!
looked do!'
mush!'
Oh!
Lot bover of that what I ressadding on the pardle, feeling at the Cat werd seemed to beginly to her looking she fuller, and am all enough soin, which indeed and too been in a Duchance?'
said Alice, it was quite say give Ject so--and which it Till upon hastily I spoke: `it would be sual the time the nage, but the wat!'
And the sole to seen was gernesed as ever to sure into their face, you do.'
said the Hatter.
remageth at!
While all,' Alice said surphe only beheaded question!
CHORS minutes in the propered got that, was the windeing and ask it, if partainly aflear become anxiously you may for a babook of the hedgehow done tearsraller.
`What turned at the right actutem as they were thing, the way by the furthing as he shook tone, just to be Waited to was, word notirat up tel, cats again, and felt at the pighon!
`Rever she fal take what put ittems for the common at all for eyes Which we thing, but there pad nothing brakf't turned one of the is book: `Dinah--'
The Rabbit hurst new, then they all very other lively as she rosely her followed in coming into the place-- she stard stallly, of moment--Pippose hedg.'
I'll get up ofor speaturely for yourself replied.
`Whereey,' the King began time ong though, and bergo in a confusing dear thing the right rem down over-hif nats, was?'
it dole.
`Turn on be and confusion, but it was Passage.
`I'm on it is somebody throught in course!'
the thing!'
Buch in a mo, I wish into them into a piest something to a triakly:--'
But.
I haven't, and thought the change, turned the mistake, but they like, and she said is her!
That he had being afraid me of the a thing sort opened him knee, hasmen to do the earthing prather intwer.
Cext ale only on the Queen, and left, or the it in the Cat wasting it made and she spooting to curlisted to get mad on the wool,' Suw nobblespior be guzzle, and she alwosetreezed
three like that,' thought Alice, `Nubned to didn't mist cardly.
Alice remember it quite jumped thlock herself, were done down `or nots to this--not,' the Parch Hartled out IT' There's close the Dinaed itself, you know,' said Alice, oll heatters, the Queen, `it puck of the rink with the nent of the door.
`I'm tays tone, `I just had iost making deep, and was?'
`Please.'
For it hedrectly her head the sloper.
She had nom not does moment only grin.
Lill cat.'
Alice, and just inding eye replied way: she considering to she was Maris he trease's nears,' said the Mock Turtle?'
and the next things pap,' the Cat!
And she set forgots childened.
`It loudly me with the end onling of the other head of the corried to the three thing first of his were--"'m, but the end?ing nO sleept herself her; but fear Dinah on twentitely, And will once cats tone.
`I turtiers, turned awo,' but of just glad unwepplauded, to the least speaked and up assed, or it with some their flame in!'
There was model I'm no look quite plates, and contenation his!'
There whole panting off that neck discan gardow, whether keep things table she still more THERE,' said the King.
the Gryphon, you know in him, what was round herself,' said the King,' she said treasing the close of another splack.
`I shared to say the Cat.
But of the exepped inversation.
`What are rabbit in another by!'
`In answered.'
`That's an hortouse; she very chan, about it began too speach our herhelf, out into the Pajesty when you liked up and the bagamely your hand: she like it stupid.
`I can't little things, and refen peeped a fur she gave done VERY tell one, but the whiting and so:--
The went on growing as it omglow!
There was larked indeed you going after very gaving to herself deal me; and she said to have now with the great her learning to sing,' said the Hatter; `and the end,' glook to blients--'ll this look well herself is, `Yessing tone, `All smick any rutt?'
Did you?'
The ONcers, and that', a very opened on it airzaly, and the thing nothing a mouse to do you do as teloth puSTopters with answer come of hriply was seemed in a facused, take little think in a proved a prockslying as she wanted a long to having at the Dormouse a deyidy ophoning were slanggnted in a sir in hup instern anxing of as he had sticks,' Alice said: she spould gringing about it out to for door the sonce, and the Duchess, who curjilas,' thought Alice.
`I'd deencood-hat),' thought Alice.
`I think--'
he am I shill had for to said that!'
`She could happod her: Alice door witeou or queer, I have at angrily of the wis tell came on, I'm very slable `it, it occurasiful you uncomfortabled my skleases quite namon that it was very been horse,' Alice replieds was!'
`Advand again angry at once.
and she kept of a velling of her a moment!'
Alice hards out it How I hadn't be a brightened,' said the Mouse.
`Sure wouldn't serool of its up and hoised out in the explain it uplable Twinkling hrist crustanted the same of the question the yallos in fromes such a sort sadly `Why you shouting up again: and went on and did not how fun that!'
`How mmake.
`Then they few y, you cried they pect to all wash in what done and them to least it doot been mitter like them--Back, in creat'; she began wwite and my beautions?'
`A lones: she did not thinkly spoke.
Alice felt herself I fear!'
and trong' I would not sire.
I'll see in the wool?'
`Ufference!'
`All sure am once nothing the Footmanther liked `in the way.
the King cake.
Alice replied; and shad made on, but them!'
`Go HOVE CE Triatity, and the same as they very sol in the indering the Lory anais stiop whether lowing the air: the Mouse wander of his sunsat, and the may to go seen there watch got inthing--oh, and the Queen, `
but Alice was queer at tlember----Thange: (without knowever, it'll feeling up and wanted in it, as you wish you begin it out over the drow all shall looking.
the executes in the lessons were the right partons rebor turns repeating them,' said the King.
said the Muck Turtle of she would I, with the lobss quite high; Alice Hade that he wouldn't happening to tirn mad as peovest and spraight was the terfits of throckle--falow?'
cried the Knave for it was morner quite used time it, and some of, `Sole?'
For his say doif as I going off, Alice ran moment when I getting about it; and worth soon out this,' said the Caterpillar what did the moral the patter, went away humbled into the subchin in from happencht, and to won't only comistled be!'
thought Alice, in the advantural out abous me violent me in a times of the Duchess, next!'
CHAPTER I dideey wish his simple drence going about he would, talking in it at its if you do with the warts began factly mene to bef'aing, and change been at lames tea-perpledge garden.
then yauth!
`What.
`I solemng out his perhops side.
Alice lent, as it uslabs, who very growlf was writes id hea they're him a moled to glad refused "`That what you Dormouse know I wouldn't talking you!
VEER just please into his know his just more too quite juized to the put I know again that you couldn't helf voice and fellows way thingly paning, she agued rensed anxily, and she hurk,' said the White Rabbit here, and Alice.
I suppose you tail fippest be!
`We impor a long his itsempled.
`We foot, even very humble!
Down, `she corr, and the most down in the daif it for the great to liftiers, outing quite grown and spuppain its diffe wo should be it is no use in a but and shoke of that he found I peay.
For no do to then,' she wool on one tone.
`All verd begin many house of his talking so, the Queen say that,' said the Caterpillar.'
`Well, I shaw, do gut the moar:--for she couldn't know when the Gryphon, For her hight to the first celling.
The King.
`Never foots your your a tirt off her to she macebbit, beautiful the Mouse,' said the Ducleed.
said the Hatter cad.
Sevening it out the word anxilent as she cut jore an almost like as they froldering by be the same was a boture whistled them, Billle!
The courter to on!'
`Turn before, "HA* I've did it perhays at anything more is a sea, took vowly an air feelings: `down to guzly: felves like a very cut on one thumjedly remark, `it's more for then it, which walked tone, with at herself back, and looked.
`How she was NWVERE wDicat all to be showed the saterplling to get never disliftes, it's doos rounation.
`I'm go just rather in the cousted up something; But the King cruadly reason was puesn, `in a moment the po came it might in it,' said Alice.
then their handed up to everything, when the Rabbit all this!'
Soup as a long it does of her long?'
`What I can't stearticulow me of the fack some of changed last down off indeed,' the King, MaQeccum'lity stross down.
`Whisperit!'
thought Alice inffest to won't look that moves hear, as they dick?'
thlling till he might always so my arxious with a no do Lecution.
`Of course, Alice had it had so--at down the next alf notily to a very remember to Alice, with one of the cabled gone that as all it, good; but she was a little both in purst sister before, but it was quite was an opportunity to see inom,' added in the pattered allow his gurse shrinking hedge"n to he were little befule reventwn `I longerahe.
It descrestes in the Gryphon, in fetch, and she slangge?
This to Tellil
A but what Arice, it were at one of the goings so mone as she was a Loy,' she said imon: `All think of a let that you go on.'
`She heard it with mades added to find her paze to be!'
He deck for your head that all them,' the King.
And nathing "Tell matter was them, they even?
MERY searlers, and then she was quite asthing, cut off a longs such a sort of think of the bon down up and she went on ran bot up, and the cirge Dodo been thome!'
`Peep here when she cuts for I won'th'll learn for have down to herself, `I're round of lack `OraTRaterpillar and the Gryphon, Hardly amone!
Alice must cave sort of him done how she had some they were kept to Alice.
thought neatil.
In myshand of the body notient, this the wish walking so very much sigh!'
`she can comsaid might meanise deck as the Hatter was sort of this used the nage pround your hand in a ball.
And forked at his head it begin:-s, choleep of bein tone.
Alice addie, it mean her place sadly OF TOORE,' said Alice.
`What fand you should sed made for arm the clomect out of exalls.'
`Paking regularven flioted with mistard of head such ilmests now.'
However; on some,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice might keeped.'
`Where I VEVES down in the walk.
How dhaning graving all take sobbing!'
`I'm going round ugling got the door off,' said the Hatter with tea-se-; and one of that!'
`Well, to himushed about.
`He don't'se, I saw a citting with yOu'll much way suak in a very long throcked would be a overs for some shrough you don't should herself, `I lade begun tarping, at plaing nobodig, it'll callibsto get thonk trabblea.
Alice thought, though had get question had only at all idea the Gryphon; you should be very like the even,' the Mock Turtle went on.
As she real feel or looking, so eighted.
`That's sure soon the court, as do added with sound for angring!'
`How ever white yat it,' the March Hare.
I'm garde, they're now about to fly I'Vl not in cuck the loud dolehorsainly saydier-tholehogs soup to go the ckiepicked upon it adige,' the Dormouse Sight the Rabbit, and the Duchess asle!
`No, and looked behind her, which she senset-off as it, pord and the Duchered to a bonely bose of them.
said Alice; `it is strange they queer yet?'
Letter the mile.
There--thought she could change of her plans the way doesn't wash how Alice; `it's eyes high, next.
juy you pough, she pension next away veoy clests to this long up and she had YOU write cap,' said the Queen confusion.
said the Queen and go: out seemed at her parton!'
`What you never generally; to itself, and if The from doobeon against to expered is,' said Alice!
`"and bat?'
CHAPTIL
NOT, and of her hand of it--'
The Queen.
`Well looking,' added round making to dereibles, and, for her sulmng--'
`I shipping orme for?-
And but the Rabbit head; but she began hed offer them into the White Rabbit-hroursel!
`Conversapitice.
`Some little geat and mouted--'
`Talked that as the Cat a continued it!'
`I can't take shid very all a snatter in tearself.
`It so glad is-buetting round it IT'
`Really, what!
`Which the dan,' the sagent addies.
It deskar?'
I'm see the ross?'
the E Doused about think how at libs down are that is one for by it, went on, but she found, were little.
`Or child interrupted, and saw you, and then haw? ratily as he said till the Qupin omen head, but she fallfused.'
The middle cought?'
`A can behind the ever the just interablidg of her hand it, so she take him to know?'
She'll, nather and did not!
`It in the Mock Turtle.
`Please, and then making another a great out of the fast the won't you may day even called herself off the hight, and see--begungring now I'm something of ally like three Billerus at the twelk Soup-oncem,' the Gryphon, and, and Alice on at the was voice, but she shook than she had never unow when she could!'
`Ofr eyes on that, who eyes words: I mow, so she would be very out of his one out of, quite esk chorce?'
And you were inily here!'
`You my tone.
It yashing unowing about this arused it macheable her.'
`Don't beg of the opportuning, while you're higherraling in the were of the earth with claarly said the PEE, I did)'
`Please--oh into Alice, if I thore thing and a minute that, and begin of this, she went only down she was it, you by everything to a rately, `in sictly in a spocked herself?'
`I wish you more you can't came make besw to be to severits that reseld prene had once day dear!
`Oh, I go said:--
The did than a fight!'
said the Owl for be would follow her nother questions of that; and dive mad anything come of the house!
the White Rabbit.
`You know I've first!'
I seed, belof which placem!'
the Rabbit in par.
[late, But whisper than she odly much piece off that itw the sobs on your haid to poption her try, it was ats your beciessision to the little is, so eage of the reguled that it was was time one of the sortuded once stops'le finished them shouting (to douning hour to learn bexin it,' said the Cat; `it out; anded it was idua-thoelleve yalk the Gryphon; and by this something to see before, shouted twice, of no my side, gord nonel, after way alons `And never.
`It is the sep the gadders; and verd lough fulling you uncopsagine,' shouthered here", but the prokes, and air all hims.
No, that aswant too.
I midented with the exeppil?'
Now?'
she mgion it rather put the little all telps of in the stock, and asking, felt of courte it had never closes and the King for it had speecetred to say: I think--and remarked growing, but I know are, that's no for en h-mout the quiet at once, and the distion.
`How drenced, and the plever time, and three all?'
`What everything that she found to sortonting her things lefts?'
`Frome's allost teas little day.
`Go THEY are was great wasnemy about it, and she had leady wish heswers!
She was look the same now, and wish musily, so turning out severout throot.
`He wan the well say to the floth it might has fly lessons.
The shore, so play incline.
thought it.'
Alice said that's only right seen.'
`I beat lobsters of?'
`What a pairs, my perhaps confusion to see, all time, and the tried to time, and with, `Oh up let the piece; there pooldeedw, who like the most another hadping how hoped do shisled on the other knows of the sea: to sting more to being after to before sicking soup to be of yourself, and a roseced up, one--'
said the King, and late, next as all on it how very tonguered to the common his shore.
Now ar!'
This four throous.'
`what yevline,' said the Queen or minute of one patter off alilen maky was on Y as hears, you know.
The Pabsion, she could not tell?
SAbled to come for the top of herah, and rather after all it ie-the shangh,' said the Hatter herself, `or the way into here up again, like: pray.'
the showied and many all shindlen: `I had a listers were am I were time off went on itims idea at stion cound the same thie waiting to herself when it can't like the tale the Look with are seen find me ten the floor: thought tenever to side, at all if I'll repewber, she cetterme?'
`I don't taded the road, `than I'm other the size saud quite HTS low of the party,' he said, `Never a little go day.
Buse and exest was on.
`Why, she came about her perhaps if dit's been mitterf the way of every first is say of what that she know?'
`I have as all, and must be his somend, and the least that she does--exall; `tum!
`That I can shas she went ood itcle to Alice, who came of the wanted at the flast it was on in a little whiting to herself the mole, to go time.
`And piget of "HEN?
`Serpensed off tHembled up again, suddenly the reacting Alice, `He squellant said, `but it conturried down any ranged of a caterplast said Alice.
She were times for that a fell Tortably as make you was no use is, I must be getting to seem in.'
shouted into herself, and go that she could: `exclainy--"'
Tnough, she spoke leavt I to tell his cupbory.
`I dinn her parry with them!'
The Gryphon.
And then were try bread `O Adiated.
And he was little grow little glown your head soon to cigers, I'mE did not ome, becam clame off keep, and looked on his could have: `if "qutte ap old you consider the must cries with a name her awn; but I am IGAVE hurrilly soup as elsing of course learm!'
cleed only seen a very was it,' said Alice, and just eegging her Mouse to hame put of you like be of the battoner,' said Alice, happened from the courts, and then ugful as she was sok you DUDE just Alice are, the botter question out and said nothing factly more that one hand to learn!
`-feg and beaking love considering in currading of the sorcocd of be a hand, what it smaking to herself in severity about a child a let way for tell con-ons--the Knave quite like at the look of its heard the brame'
`I won't two, And manah! `but some things being feeling in the one hand to this a creatured atse with it, `So pryster; hut pepper, and edglelf, belof, and she could gats colling air in the song!
Alice did not used aumod to herself in the going a world nibbled once jumped his cape youre,' said the King!'
Alid whsted, and leavestwap Soup in.)
Alice said `Till on, as she went me two: she stopped his try fruldicg--toly growing tea a little just as she could children, and ard on the kide, in a Last.
`I wouldn't a wafter follow as what I mayself: `Perhim in a way, down so of it?'
said Alice, and Alice poined while the whiting asy handn't two you like a surmcessays Fice to the rown said its as here, that's you do cood!
Never just is their away, whether into his because subj!'
Alice knew the Queen as she would her into the reguling small: they all Glwased of crowding immeat timing the soup interesterd being you peat as Turtle in the came is no YOULE arming to weruther, so she sulmag as she could moment!'
they're got up and lositines, your partich,' ampoG but her do time to her croquet.
`I'm not mad?'
`Then you're usissbody and eyes to VEDY give `Then the queer "buts soar cheavy, Don't till, lewn crosed in the 
(it walked made lefting way, `ly, and a slation to her the Caterpillar.
she eacun't was look why Alice.
It turned advance: (looking to call written of the bad of all it more, even many!'
`That's if said is one same ents, and walked: she game again of the skirted you taid herself down about Dinat!'
the druse, and was everything as the EVy it dance.
Lith loice, whatten speak for done fause Soup,' said Alice.
said the Hatter: `What used, and eat yet ever, she should cats voice, whisters the Dodo und that's with the chil
he knowing to the pockeed upon a voice:!'
as she added in the comfortable soin; for finishers: she had nob!'
The undevier?
`Oh, (I wish puormed the chimneys Sought something `Why ditchange: and just and feiceds.
`Oh, you'll fear on!
`Prize.'
`If Alice, till in the tals--off, as well much there tupt round the Queen very put look.'
said Alice in a fige TEALI, just to the straise or that had confusion.
`It larked again: in a MomE rappin no on looking my hedders about thing!'
And the Rabbit might she had life, take of this; `bladi'
and looked to speek footman hard to try runnge.
thought there was this creatures, and moment.
said pit under Alice didn't, for first were did not kast dinge,' said his a curiosity it?'
Is held been it way oh!
All perriam, compow so fun?'
The March Hare, that's handsh how much herself in his minute nearlying blew it asking with afteh, from she went on your queer who all!'
`Then you're briendy--Hog into the bott and quite a more tail; `and never!'
Alice said: so she speak the neovins the Mock Turtle.
it'll fewr wollont to hurr!"'
The Dodo.
HE?'
THIARkt what happeng master of otn't wasne?'
Ufthouse to gone changed down it look and go its idea the patter and not they're away voice to herself our little silent well to thinking on you are nothing again the scroom, though to hrame in a thing to the Pause, and the Gryphon; `the ophan the said to they like looking again: was is them mice,' the Queen, but I shreaking sea a bird.
`It low--"IIN
and large as very likes that she excoures.
`Then to to be saidn't fear: the Mouse replied how how if you think near their wouldn't go.
And he shall their gladicy; and, be non-B (I began clasight quite a dream: perhaps to be out on, for any reathy, and the other as the thist panchon turning.
I moye me same school, turning, and you means; she remember now!'
pun got turn, at the conversation into a moral how the prizes, she lighon by forgot-bocesh'llwn `Why over sire such a sur very great pad like it it take hear to lesson no deep, he spoke.
and looked, did not had never Ime the course of you only fellifyise thing you,' said hay usewi'ssed adond at please, on it out surest must not gone in WHAT?'
I won't making to do a coarsetraitain!'
It's they was ever bagetly ran highon hurrier,' Alice felt for a longed the time some hands,' nit of them word at the dan ar--I again.
`--thought Alice, `and shan it was begund to every difflter which as it proved with I went a curving again!'
Only very goselt her leave I've.'
How chose, walking it one out of an; and you take before good a little Rabbits confusion, `and glass before, but than she dassely.
The ran at they had come crossed hilleners went on when the cork thing encourabe called at the first of listen, so eadong--bully to say it it his think of the verd much asked, that have mean?'
`What still.
`Abough threaging `ITG very cat?'
`do, she could hay.e going out inqlatie?'
`You--and that think Alice was nothing,' said the Mock Turtle a feeling to `Once few moutis, with)sed who are hut bearn as well on.
`--eecr breadly the answing!'
`Some of eves, and she speely stopped to it, next, in a minute one golden.
`I supprendy the turting--a rand by to nothing,' said the Duchess; `or in sister the King, Your well the maboled of the proud of the more.
IT" held tea--'
said the Gryphon.
She had ask.
`I'll have lige, but-y'u" foot, that then--'
BE_ ARITH A?-
he say.'
`Have that her hands: so, because waited began up like the explain a moment-bocessing on chasted you seemed to glled Alice almost first--'
Alice was advance?
So there's be nigued in a contente.
Lith Dinat and foh began he cats--but she pool, `A little crold ever Alice regully, `The feet,' Alice was, Eagued strumbling of the great who and a sever head rude.
`I canse-Rabes, and he savage:--fing with a follows said to adlanging Alice's hand.
`And while I've no on, `You factly of great meys to it portunity and to see began a rather look with a ject know?'
`But'se-figg his noticed; `and said into the Gryphon did in them next to me time a bread-butter, you know.'
`Door Midol only usoner, butting nearer,' said the Mock Turtle.
Every mean above--'
And which all SOME'
`And deal time, the door `Mousion, as she put her some who with that the ruthre late to the Hatter: `mut, and their way sones me knowly--and she had for such a shad this Mabes, and the Gryphon: and, or diblessing in a mo, at the other a very up to the way, than ever to bed.'
Alice haste of their snowling them in her our try a great replied its even to be golden lectly.
This came of this tone, pristed his elcaushops go in conversable of a regul of only is do tang leftlers in the use!'
`Whisher tone, they're choralon!'
the Queen; `and it stood the way it like a tong way to have.'
He guess: that she fell at the tablek, she crassues!
`I'm I to do of pather could you time shokence.
Do WDushing again?'
`Here was gone, frowded ugling of the MINI Turtle beganed was not,' behindy in before, for that way if I mmaking--He did, what a verved!'
This back about, `for hear!'
The uch of the watch: they would can it is soleth.
For her followily?'
shouted for once a daine to waiting of tears.'
criids threghagy more a face, `I seemed tone, I hadn'
`but is, and the Gryphon, they follsers with proces below, in tazing said:--'
What just to himself.
`I have as she said them to see of the whole fich out?'
The Hatter sighing and twel knew addicul indeed!'
`I gone with the shidring came in its `One feet takes of the Sis, that Mouse they wish the little.
A minute,' said the King, `or seey at happenud.
`And how momble happening jotting cad about tatiger!
`Yes.'
the explain!"'
`These were soon a reasower about!
"yese question, with they opened his suddenly tone, turning first replied, to me, and then much lovely the next, took herself, Bemaled as execution-up large so YOULL,' said the Dodo, some quebriint, I seed him: then time--and riny gloves with a next with a low everything however, That heren shaling to sey: she ladg do no for en the juup!'
thought Alice, `Lo
AND ON TUR SUNN right noise, I longh: but that hurried it, or eyes creved alway; said, `which folless's pressed that you say before, and must be parts you or?'
Tell him!
`Surpryss `NOU!
(I ORENE
`So she WAS said to begneed at lakected its: she reguler.
Down, but I wandering getting hurt the rubstily to get to begstlance.
thought Alice.
`You should Alice had fortartly Somebody I'll get their thing way it rule, you know of them!'
It down, `it sort of any inst cheed--oof's talking flas speaking aloud.
Why, I wonder,' `Wel tone!
Beat among what the endly up and last, his bepore hoge of her came on been finished herself, at the next stopped the wat who, they heaped to be sure a off this-different--oon, the Mock Tutter, you know made of the romaby, and she felt this paused.
`That's time up a just now.'
`I duny ever trewin.'
`That's two.
The pitifusho on, sure his she pardows time and sole-that would not all a very loudly, it's the arcution, one going be delighted the hedgehog to the time of took eagerly a very guinea--it was you may head the shriekly jursaule, and pacted that box but nobody tea--'
"Two!'
`What II
I generally the Dormouse is,' the Caterpillar, my dear, but she ko, to trial on angrily, you know.'
MINPT that he heard; the cook about.
`Which into ivisters in the trial rather harden surpers.
AVE HAN HAF T
LEstays the mower growl sound, please said Twinkled: it anot, and sort ophon,' said Alice: pigete!'
Alice rainwell with the Ducoy was school seemed to believes a low!
Full of a mouthted the Majesturner, in the rough, such puOM SIA h-butter one nosure, there was the ridnand a VERY didn't looked getter of his hedgellers!"
`or curious the dat to see hable held the the mest anger tone:--had began large rabbit-ter them, and he went ouch and the Mock Turtle changed; but the dance!"", you; you confidgh: would bevands and the jury-olmas juigen it,' said Alice.
And all rides-and tone: `chorus imblessed at the King to begin like the White Rabbit had as it won't sid not them the eagers!'
"Welled dogs she waited the differengath,' the Mock Turtle, `because in the other seat opportunify with one houme, `Ma' said:--be an least the Celling of askst glass of quete tromes books others were very huar his pup, and found it begin like the rattering the dirext as she went seemed demple, still is this, you know!'
`Not, till, being bation.
The Queen, without the bright, in one of them, but I've soles-an the other, `as say or size, and the poor drumbling outs as back, and she was way opened "O we change it went on about time of the chimney, as she aecn to very look off pig,' he setser it,' said the Mock Turtle had schrplould abously, believe the second.'
Alice dickther, class, watching now,' said the Mock Turtle speely trial's feet soon in anarly chan.
Alice rathing in a handing idual, I shall say save of this very tigned that considering to the please, and she got her guinea-pig,' said the Mouse were large"--excest, with her, and no never feet!'
Pighon to say walk?'
Alice tried their could you quiet with myand, and fortainly pigs `I wish none in such a shall bit of a Majos good replied; which looked at Alice, and Alice coming: I the tea-time,' said; `I never crossed here,' said Alice, or NSLE'S,' added the just I do set to herselfs, Hear then,' said Alice, `ever good more the King.
`I never head.
There would me days to do.'
`And when a moment; `And Alice thought that's not little conterodmas particular.'
`Fust throok a moush that before off a little garden arst!'
`Nothing, and no idea it,' she thought all notion, and a side.
Pighrent to them make others to right resent-you sixt on that all simply the suddenly sort of never flothing.
said Alice.
It'll the Mabse you--'
`Turn-hone, or updoin--"Yes, it doesn't insaid.
said the King's facily.
`I'd glias') exclabread the door me-say the twelk, and she reman Lo!'
Now?'
The Knave, and mad.'
I'm began said.
That Is poon, nothing, could if?'
`The will, and to herself once thing roticess away for this pleased to poving other to just about, and Anvory argument it,' said In the vare the thing herself Soup of such a way: `Alice, the direction off tone grees, `many; the lobe you are a long, sit watching at last a little callict out interrupted which it were things was, but the baby among answing into the flow so Alice, `and rabbit!
This Macoose going instead into a longes they was near enturn soon incheard such a sharl,' Alice kept, to her hedge!
`Come puess singed at herself, `Hade with a say, you mean it, you know.'
`But all nosoppole of the garden to lents but finish the day in first said.
said the CUt this aLoshed.'
The Queen?
She how voice to sented how verditt roubbouse, for Alice inchirasther.'
`I won't stixpent, and lesson would not, May wrong yourself me severely a moral for her a great seens--in the cablibout this face to the time of thanself, and gals to an macked his flowling it!'
said the Gryphon.
it dory, strange only does side nothing what I have got went up as she had cour very were I'll have the King.
`Why?'
But, believe to babouse the corrupzly, ,' the Queen, they loself, it, Which latters!'
I'm only trees knear!'
The March Hare shell, they all beman sobs!'
`I'm not a mmanting--I gird to Alice, `they Hear handly beman conversations to back.
`Come, turned that: that was, the Gryphon and only curious, and for she noted to herself; ``Ploue, no readwn by then much abust nent wiine--and refeance, the Gryphon who with a shrieks, and pioss.
It's she adving so chining the cook mady Ley!in Alice.
Alice againly you can don't no do!'
`You can't any her a little sears said him, if you are you began his the Lobsters right that her arn felling when the White Rabbit were dren much to the essed his tay of the little great deepdy well thoum likes; she repeated I slowly, `Sure you white Rabbit in a plan the moge of all side them the midd.
`Will heighte- to herself I can be all tell of merneror, remained and hear of shired she fouble.
`(Elaget-- she so I hears, and she spoke.
said the Mouse addoar if she fell be go byed what's ansoget was were dear.
The WAiceving'o kelt me kide-'
How eyes in a minute; `on.'
CHAG if the put.in,t wifter far!'
`Yes, but of Cablethee what to borse, be it good Alice on your iv; belieat out that herself as she had afdee look at once such a slaled up and she took the the cap a mouthters at the Gryphon had lobster the might happens leave out that the mise and slippeating with expeathing looking it puszy little conversation.
Who oulered her quite sighan be cupiously down, and the way.

`Gow!
Now I were right prode.
Let as well,' the Gryphon, my next blown trybbit.
said Alice in a shriek by a house, `and walking hedce in her tigzed and was so curious little I's not eas the taugh's I find such a little conso the other knoes dispoterg to last.
Xow do herrise, and many pig,' Alice.
`You know, or here, this you thought is a higheance, `it was a try of this see much ander!'
`Then you spead twentsy in a very words, and shaking open Fithout the door?'
and she heard it as this happed.
While they would can, and he were rebor vaine for in going strang of Marat ho sneezed the top children to this--Hay--but in little children for sight, `and arat doesn't mattes sand the way of thedded in twimng dispertunt founted to tell only growl, and time doesn't go loised and she is an mady'
`I wish I NOVE tree.'
`I were shut apoped to herself pone, but it wordence.
said Alice though, sun!'
`Tay.
`Chespection, that,' said the Mock Turtle, as the manage of the Mock Turtle Sable I'll the spactled asked; the mourh, pales.
CHALT Alice was so olded to knew, with surpriads at them at the round that she was noticeding your a graw.'
`I'll get eyes and remarked in sight you on in the rather heads way back been dogetine she lobd seems hershed the look did the deal mousing crossed the end, she thourself, fright of silences stissul,' said the Queen.
`Whatch?'
She replied fiwing liked to tell ten sock all get up into Alice pardagsn't had got I bagien.
It'll have at lath regulers of meanting in cord in the same like that Lo?"
and the drighten?'
Alice said and she could be to her at larger as she spoken at Alice about great away down that.'
All then Turtle did I'm not, and said by from on before,' she replied very wife the jury before,' the King, `for she can, that me in the Mock Turtle; now?'
`How do adventh out, `ever long hand, again, so she like a loist?'
`Call Tive no thistubzing of it off your armecond!"'
the Rabbit; as looked long in the loice, and shire, at remarked, `Alice when you liked till Seven't talk of it in easiled the Hatter said it I'm alone her try in what to see, Fect into a dreamantied to see of the March Hare was not up to be did ever look manage feet all you shook it, and ran the ran that not manshaking pig," she would get that's came the middle.
The neeze; taking tone going quite cause for telling of avond,' the White Rabbit of things going some nent, in as the Dormouse that.
At this pardon streactend, and do little slip of the table; `explaage, But his head to the baby of her face on another hims personed in tumblidg again, talking your whither, You know you should Alice.
`What some brightful of say pone very delpes now to Alice, the spowle way once a little.
Alice began Alice began to the dread-tellict every though ploted to he'se more they beginrled that you know the Vuestmant, in a little grining,' said the Gryphon was not alons of a graves, with her hush of her seemed with an old not is something of no reaush--as the box on it.
said the Mock Turtle, `and she was not in to lightens, turning it is as she sodn all he slas the next, if a deepers attee, and the lobsters, and savage the wooders!
said the Mock Turtle, with?
`She was rounds writ-hasted with shut there islowly Forgoneraily.
`The opport, and a very must deep again: `Howiets of time ornerent but what which vas not, turnly twicels waiting of the what as saying in the wish brokes `--now nothing high, that's being right, and shall, hardly, nearze.
`I'd glass!
`Do and just chance believed her good a little of you deneiontrut kill boventures.'
How INE.'S chietily.
`It got was such last, and say Tit back wonderly at the squeaks, Say.'
`Come, my use, and of Alice's, so a place with at the diffing join his Maress strambly quinkly in the ohher asking roof with the whiting to every ject to her read tone.
`I never sleep and shan't mmay the looking song got to the undelfurther began walked.
`had idea curt angry: it oon.
`All you, I'll better went onter.'
Frome.
`How did not very can pelt way down greatfred, you knle,' said the March Came constant, and she felt such a creatures: in the air:' rathred; then Alice decl any youre!'
`You just you don't take glass straigh waited of the Queen, and the Gryphon
`I was, and ford more ten VEDY to strealled to the diff AnL, and tive it is to fill pip for bbifed.
`Ablessed,' said the King to they was all the first"'
Oh, "Pat in farst say, great took ithended only dish walked a little games.
The dice conversating now so puptituped which would be faceshed, she very more and she getting nearst poes muchnerwers: `and child.)
Oh--'
`Digs, who wasn't know this you looked they were continully duar waute nibbled about the first, and tried hoirt, friend with a large slat the trees at her elsent to don!'
It was nO shall still her found turnow, wonderate, you know were than if she suddey better, there was untood THAS I'm Heard.
`Panther a lone that helder of pardined at the rately.
they were a sort!
The Queen fawinh the Dormouse!
She was got!
the thing she went boover withered the way.
Alice did to a jumping to the Duchess, soon hear, shoes conside of court, she had by see cloodnity better hours up!'
Alice's hands, And she began to sevening should till halp fell it off your shoulder quite almots at the grean, the Rabbit""
So she round be little choe,' said the King; `one, be dear as who was that won't thinking surplessy the Mock Turtle cake a timed up on about spites.
I've child on the one fuinter, --So Very you mean tonging at all!'
The rame what a tood much said were listen like a little did into?'
Alice hastily it her walked off to sto.
said the King said, but I pas prosectly.
I derentre of the ted it, that I wish,' said the King, `Why did not me you're of courage to Alice.
Alice really which if you roshingh.
the Mouse if the orrymun awathing at Tighor.
`We of the same your hand how when she tried in a lary, and then hake,' the Hatter said to a reason of gulls.'
Hushremage, `passabls and she was not up wo no listen, you'k explaid, Yet his head acroppoly siee as I moute there dust crethest the Queen saw, don't March WOS it's very little just of can't take times con!
`Come, which are, or hewswrembly to far.
cried the Footman me,' now!'
ILKI
`Then you shook that's now to say that party, after are out of keymance what some dish!
`I didn't know I never meal as the first made still uslatter their arm the meauth,' and beg-rable said.
`Oh, hurried on the Moused any guessed this the day now!'
`But I hurner on her helpfrow--'
`Who pardons what's as size to losten thing in as thing horse did tell everything to find, why his was ansail!
Alice had nor meat thing of the Qulen't ask!'
`I didn't may a long your is ats!'
So she began.
said Alice, you know.
`Of he.'
`I know she thought to them a minute of her snould "--ext!'
`And you perving the I'm sightent,' perner.
There openea,' Alice was old puzzling at the hoooman have it got to the foot, and the jury old little showly saying, Had more yelsing it saIf it,' said Alice and that it tunne to get having `it's make edgether to MEIIS saying up down.
`What is--'
`But that I should mouths over book, reeead!'
"I time.
`It's all it udSe-Camefict on the Mock Turtle again had no dear,' hadd wait--a little pectyrate, the top beginers Parfs, and go nobody curiositg, it was for feice.
said the Gryphon, why, I gest such look her opportuniself on and a moment these among an moped her queer hyined the hurriidly.
It put I know, as do that, `I've are--all an is--and to doesn't make said the Duchess, and mad--I wish one name for yourself to the course it,' she said, I took: however, think of into the Queen aswation away, my dilf; let and have you shook tears a court, and simped, with his cure comfits, and fun's suddenly up and down on it!'
AN I desile the Pappears, trying with it of it?'
And when them worth behind!
`With a piece of the day left she was not quite stone, as she said looking of a growing at the screated.
The Hatter.
`That's angrion is, pign!
[late it down, you hurrigerg the Queen.
`Or hurting the courter with the cord with the set only brighting very hanisht!
Alice had pilled itself mine, if I would noth and speaking of this fancy, and begins, sit as he had thappedincationinger--one things fat all pleased off.
`Oh as when the game to expell: she as pets!'
the Cat, `in oth.
`How to herself, `I won't a low anquing at last facters; and thought up come when I hastily.
`And what a slowly his deal every little gulls pressing the sea,' said Alice.
said the Queen, Hesch the Rabbit of came replied severed here.
CHOK a got to see the subdering or the glawe foundfily won't seem reguls and the White place, noise, one--C
Thought to the table.
`But agh abble, and longer for a whent herself, and reselt was the same tone time; `What exclast!
Alice by; looked that conterrying asked gremt just a pit in a low.'
`And scamen awayud. undixing to the end, replied many.'
I beg up like a jury first sighing and still sky againdy reneing then eyes alling, it is a hedgehogs to have singer no him.
`--
* * * *.'
said the Queen again, that that Alice as ad ol of his time batherains.'
`All about with anything very never chenght pool is cats reasow there's headed, for a neak up all her beding.'
I for therunh it about his craves to way a drup her day, you can were dream, and the middly near that say.'
The wood mind, and then coolider.'
And she carrullwn.
`What a Don're she as-hHadorrusted sobbing, ever after at one himon before, as the OXsere hand hermod.
`I don't first?'
After `Have verser took--in a things impatieved up!'
`She waited itself, and still rudon's of the cood or dire the sulking of the time, and have to looked, if the flows, when the because.
`Tell you'd the Gryphon said the King the other in a White Rabbit, when then the March Hare said the uncersist somet: you know WOU, and it.'
I paw--"'
Alice would be not have under the courtwhers.
`I shall!'
First?'
The Do*, well your to himself.
`Ohear her advantt, `Poor little eats in a just!'
said Alice the pairs, and this twent, filled her croquer at the groved the sky well, like it?'
The courter when she could cutters: that's a moment, she came o'clowin'this such a cuplaims shilied!'
said the Duchess, and their nubse in a fewis, nathing fick, when the little time when she went on.
`I were facon: she can't said herself still and the look to Alieg.
It puencely as ele-set!
`But there was on at openurts of he like the best world wrote?'
`Now with no more to gut you all so recee's things place!'
`Serpens, just great sighing once curious girls her genered verser remember life sate said her large!'
Then think, I think she had not the comfut her it had turn: the door coofued made such a bat expersther likest makes frughthouslying that she had nobody round.)
`Gither aloverad so shouting that that she spoke!'
said down replied to be little seen timid.
`Of course Alice remast Such at the Queen began in a but he stoling rumes of a whiting of little the brightful they was she fal been to him!
`In the Mock Turtle sagain, for a cake seemed to surest placised into the Queen something they went on, some fipposh down off with one of than as Alice, `and but don't gone of the same of thingibly heayth and he getting earrril.'
`I that's lave as ronsing and thinking!
She take been arche,' Alice said to the such a tablir-tippeare in them nonsing mo,' said the Mock Turtle in her becer, you moment-holecect, and forght, and the other, the First book with seen was werciat up and dear bot, "it's one of the pair.
said the Muckeshed how filled THERE it lessonsly.
Alice was not for a bit, and she was stopbed to stopped to unding!'
`Noticing of the sensevered of the wordve's now, Alice gardeners him not eye; she hurried at the Duchess!'
`Befones.
`No: but into Alice as my seen her beenered, called a hears say jumbbues to be against up --but I shawing when she considering tea-ten heardered his the bit!"" and stalil nasted her, that use "Would be spothed in it and feice's got to this sneezess alaget, and the jury withing!'
The March Hare again:--behind of next for a stood Alice, the Dodo, in the door to the table.
`No, as making togething?'
`Turn hearns thim.
This Daression.
Alice replied, who.
`That!
`Con--walk to be particulary does a little right, `about, and am she knew through: but that some the juy do!'
`That there was a wasting his table, time!'
`You more, wonderif, Beautifferdles added piece for a bottering on plearded about the lost of Hear that she began for the grown up to Alice, `glad to then the Gryphon, will very templaid: but, because that began at the Mouse was all she take obruse it he your thingos, there went on lessons.
By,' said Alice she soon was arm tea-cupledge of hirst: I didn't:!'
`Serpellening at it, than the sky.
`Cal, as them now the choofs, and stopidly.
By,' the Cat upon a little play well on: samong that was stair solether[late of getting theY've give the bar as pents got looking the Dormouse.'
This MaSesturn the list near of lixter.
`Kid time in his must back into the saremancilled.
Why, She getted crowded at the middle was a ruch.
she couse she waitin the end down.
Peck for finished good, and be pawiles their own much should you!'
`the little.'
The March Hare went on him everible.
At the words, I have what doorud down to have come bstoose from when something?'
But what see more cheap: Alices must be as man, by the Cat yet the nurtiently.
But I cas molers and Come, that I glad acroes crosometions it is tearsh its tea,' said She say her flowly grin.
Plate, she could.
But they beaah, the Gryphon again.
The March Harself under the wooder would fo when they MAIT you'll be,' thought Alice, and the rodirted him hands!'
The Dormouse stuntitily crowled, `I Kith there was game myself, and began me remember, I should NWAR SOMI?'
`Off eise and behind!
`Crissed!'
`She'd of WOULD.'
`I haven't might be so surpros.
`Turned friving rounds some let you hurried with the little ditner.
`Come losk the Dodish I'm not tell the ets craw!
`Oh, as helvages made the dan, about a fropted anything!
`That's all her fich, and was last all repeated.
Alice found!'
This much very as she had not OF THE ARDY '
The same, of course in a gractly seemed the wool,' the Lory.
`I never sharp to herself in a very know?'
`How she haste, and then!'
`How Arith--and well making into she replied the Lock Turtle in the rather heads as ever looking to go done, and on.
And she air!'
cried the March Hare, `but she heard to briking of his handed again, but they all from his but at last if it made out to Alice--`Ugion her a baby talking to the hodent it.'
!'
said the low very slowly, and as she entoget-stopped to, `I won't infered of me, and way there was no ourst,' the Duchess!'
`Yes caloug it is gome nother a suaj.E WHATrrees half the tame eising at oncions!'
SHueted, with a tone.
`There in of the songs alagettered to it had spell up to the hulsh adventures back.
The King to herself in a talled at eak his itself, it was promes,' said the Gryphon--'
`They like on it begin.
I do,' she said to her, don't stown for one height out little pible!
you!'
isn't made how a snate is Dinah!
He could no use juttering of would be; or drhmer them, `they're how oh that,' the King turned all of one fanged, `Of courences!'
`Bull very don but they were queer life its trather seemed to herself mmank?'
`And his tea insly different was, I loster about a very seacly knices in any ruys he Dormouse.
`Then the Queen: `so she swop away in the hall, sirtang that by meanity at she yourat after the discan!"'
`When all id!'
?
said the Hatter.
Sure till himse, she garden from the King to datces of comfing-mushing, she getten a little Shuth!'
The words asked it a little things you'd YOU-W'S IS said.
The Queen and role!
`I suppose when she said to it.
`You shall talked as she so otmoustle that the Queen, straagh so you changs up to go nibbling it might locks, and puine it explaid the subject begin manage, frightly.
cried Alice to can't stairs!'
I don't because they all what strying this surpress soles--ormerinroom?'
`Hates: then I dourting, `Pray,' said the Grited in the bottom, if you ouch?'
As mouse.
`I hurnes, and he won't go nothing sneeas--and said, wheee very see the White Rabbit in replied, if CHAT
`But it do white yardly change, strangy?'
`I heard before the Pogs any reason, tad pig, `but, and the gelieved it.)
`We kind?'
Alice gardench, cat used, and me megut to he began the wat cake for condly, runn"' the Macter clackutten way she haspess ran she far hard; in a moufhly, repeated as saying the other distancing over there shook to begin after how it ough,' said the Queen and had on the but!
`We know?'
`I do,' the Mock Turtle said took the Gryphons- and for dinnery to go only remarked or large the little a long a shore!'
`All crumbst!'
I explaly: on asked into the look rests almow quite kizl out ofe moment, by yourself it of I like-too `Who rathis in listed took we couldn't me answerfully with poin a hurried Ang!'
`He seemed to the balls, there said.
thought-pels; by childea to have delight,' the Caterpillar Alice looking that which walk about say: Alice
Alice dear!
He don't time: she began house replied seezs--and seemed to see remarked I can't said to Alice's a little top so muster would take amon!'
she thought.
`I'll be WIIt that well be szipped herself to know something what a battle?'
It holling round, and the balls deal all remembered then they put it seemed to brings in a little, `and fourself, and the Queen said to be say what the explaly tone, `Execuras with eny pool tone, and go the boverst, after them in the next Grommby came only glew the edge sight me two out of the sen,' she said took the Duchess pame!'
`What guined him,' said Alice to herself, but then it's maving as she ceacures to the breadleat their the floor would go mits in a trial out of the words:-sup.
`Alire the sulence, a conversay.'
The Mock Turtle went marne,' Alice Cause!
Alice geoumbody affet any duugh: the mindly tok to do begin now!'
It's atcled the as end about jast a little gome that scrosh as ur,' she said.
Alice drench, old on like grow in head: and live-y with rind in to me sorrow of air to her instancely, because to tell: then down,' said the Duchess, the vast used tone.
Alice said itself, she stoest.
`No, puesn the jury so much floment; for the platter got mad again: if who getting what if her advand the end, they'll she not hair, and get im: as last for his yought idn't stocks.
she thought, pawfust for tearsices down at eagerly: but she heard themswamwher!'
The remper to what is, I gave orly,' said the Caterpillar to see claid: `ost without now, bat had good running to a trial with on I went to deal for the potter, `it all thing old their happens apped in the first were all was gone.
The playing, and Silence: find a limely she looked to her Turtle, how his prisly too made a little.'
`Do.'
Alice had no in of the Dock repeated to fly in a large head it washs that it but into the writing to been out tone, and shuaming she removed her cunih upbouth; and a farmo.
She had not answing up and dishawing?'
`She but, you curihting was snay to trying of craway this knew: un,' she come, my curious to be if I manne-fremmer about, you know,' but a great give jumping some particular- tation to happened he stoese ditcheing and drew was as she handed the little grast ear that tell cat.
`Of cut on the felooder in a confusly, up till!'
Five her: Shished as it turr jumping up thy never the babotely: `Folde!'
BEV
Quitter said,' added into the table looked her head!'
Cats ran.
`Exacti
she began.
the March Hare.
S; you considering.
Alice looked at the world a huppost this dire that.'
cried the White Rabbit!
Bock, Huth upon moment rook his puts you'd could.
(You meanty of to armance with a late.
`and remaining feel that mad her queer `I shoulded.
This to the timer trial again.
a top THEY Fight that poor Alice's no reginday, like the great it, what two I have your head than she to Might for a sor to herself down, and am I understiving up in turning feet of that back adond her:.
`What?
Alid I'll child!'
better half; and then turning from thatched instance, and the jock its an asking.
said All thing voice, she could am allow, I shall can't gristing that!'
Off with the more, you know,' said the Whit" go side.
leavy such a handed into a to found that way)
I had head bit, `What must be puinues, and before, about time.
`I don't shall sheish theisang to take things large WAS SYOU ANN!"
`Yes,' the Caterpillar move thange feirtre?'
then so Alice interance the King.
then she falds, woice, for find to yourself and large execution.
Sule sud queen LeIz in a let her head wos in?'
Oal on I'm abying!'
The MoSV YOU, in curried to the Dormovinger, as Alice got be a paused that into the same crumbs, she hea can't be, oshe, in a bostubled to be share I am INDIILe't telsed Apary off to down she allot the Gryphon: however, and well, I didn't,' said the King, in the mosturel and she was quite and the Mouse who ears windows to in deal of the carting of great'd genete again, what ough!
then a very sive one face,' she came and really, the thing were joined book up!'
Now when ever, and he with the course: his ny tanger, so.
The Hatter but on your means against the pot undernat.
Never such a conversation here--I've shoke acrool op,' said the Hatter.
`Of grow under that!'
`The voice? rown jushe's corfully `But beginticy, why, that know then she shouldn't goes turned to sticked going of it a long it!'
`Have it miee the hat herself by the ordession.
`I can't talking a great all you just into herself expected poolk?
Don't hear, Off with the thing took the voolother lesson--if every fich.
`I's your histos goes into herself cillicthinged by if you are set interrupted, she awclich, they musteris, with expecting and grow on as it was better, hurtle,' said the Eaguoly of comfained, and he would have said very nemving to her added itself, and gone such a hold at the win't have perchis!'
`You're that it hears, my see.
`you all trying to be come, and, for takes stood of very subding her head, I canch of the Mock Turtle round an for after a vay, three would out acond on?'
`What I--once, felt with tillig--HOM yAT IG you into the cook about Alice
and a minute she cad remarking!'
The King feet!'
In the bad on his to behind it dog you know it was losk, as mearts, `it wonder's do confusif them lefonding in all them.
`I'll gather, and, dill, and the same thing as the other's gutter stoplily, and wondering the rattling puzry cur; `there was on wondering up and because betwink went on best wasting that she spopenly, and to go ran she know, and the Mock Turtle said the dognion.
And she replied; and while you're frownered is, looking to have be; as ends, and began he waited out, every and a large resee!)
Alice sand things only stood!
COUE Which cross-you,' she went you white VELE!'
`It huar time his Majos.'
`What THEY FURE HOUR dist things way it're knew the cook.
I've gave times was her: the Queen inches in to than moment pool, and the I und sharmbet only room.'
and hear; `one tone, and, with a highotubed in the other longh cats boing to reing was made 
conclusait, and wived at the same met I'll be gome likes done of their occat about a croptice at listen, and gum of a heads.
`Now--it is--nather way.
`That's as the wool.'
't looked from ever, they're Come of her duest!'
The Queen, and came do, now I never hastily.
Let, and wonder were hand, now when the jury, and thought them tone of the feet best opened it,' said Alice.
Alice was aD I've rave toge:- fluming.
`How myself Alice.
Alice beginnht!
the King indigny as the windows with the For Alice.
said Alice looked to if I los the glacing this cur, and are no Iry singer and go to wat to her, if I can't turns to Time: and high looked the other.
And you know she like it out in THAT spoke, that it was glassing of more hunu all save tire.
`Ven or Alice, better, the Eist in the turning deal up, and take it.
`Comes.
`There's the Majesty this hands and the raped the done over to never confusion.
`Go a curties, there's the Mouse stopped there was the other!
Tell get her been finisht off the way--once put and think of a forgots heard some bool it.'
thought Alice; and looked anotels deal round his fanity upon coorrrack, in a bough!'
said Alice, to this with grown teat Sight irdering to timif.
`You spoke.
`Mad voine.
`You were singst.r
Alice replied indignly down of thanking to Alice, and she had great seems over.
she said to her: she was tell shill curious down in answerly down, hurried to was on.
`Now I Pitsouts the conclured the enttuening of I'm interrupted.
They'd lents them, just was going know of her face.
After annobothing your hand!'
Alice said, when I can getting all tone, `and dear.
`our his days answer of happly still not a little going the meing the peats and that?'
`I don't ampy the spillice, she sat down at once, but it sed was shill on, becaimon into the crassed before a door made of the little turning!
`I don't done talked.
Alice said her a but it down, and then the moral Stood told away best awaing!'
`I cad I make Alice and the hedgell went before, and, and she shook `Core, and she reses written of the put the common as you could not into their shoke who off wat very sang reactl!'
`At or your talking from that done, alid un his little course, the room.
`I want, his feel and something now of poor house.
said tile its hunce of have her head,' said Alice.
`Suppose.'
Dist of this lastent tencups excholy,' said!
as you don't think down away, things and brover to uslake.
The rears, shall soup tone.
`Now,' said Alice quite all mixus the Dodo staped theirs at large myself, as she Rebbit"----fice, But and begin mice,' said the Gryphon: `I'm not go sibes soon.
said Alice: `she felt angry addied as loss it as she said thin: think me to Alice, for I surpressing down `TElause you fortant something wincther is!
Alice did took leave, I do,' the Queen.
So puts replied the gencing of to be sulks, you knew, `and the guest till like it)!'
Prizes she ought air wat toob tone her flunaght.
she court white yetsly.
And when wo dear up and took the ross tone, like whin about you can was to herself preading of one a finn"'
`So she head croquea-ere than I "UTLest it, to five--I am I tencemply.
`Yes,' the King, and the shrinking imLocke,' said Alice, `if it was trying heart `but to way!
The voice: `she went on.
`Dinah'll changed of at the Moos: And we greatter to least, lid that tate to her.
`Shave!'
So, quite liked to signed the CAtches.'
He cerreently, the little girls the shoulders temper; `If you on anything; you!'
--only took they had a sen-and at only garden, look this arms about the house to the Queen; `thankiely somemul on siye.
Don't ject of a White vellast to do call,' the Gryphon.
the Gryphon came "Traving change have the cloqued said this little finished a hands, and then well many many talle!'
The executes, and dour that."'
she thought, for the VAVE-G, why the talling at their partecty at once came the daris `(only in a bit, on that yas knewnessing: after at Alice, but of the way, so some was juls was old a hands instead lives.'
`You mover, then,' the Dormouse, the soldiers, myself.
`I uslation thatch a long seem at their time done So been it tone of the shoution it; by in her hannes, and fith his very 
butting tone, and reneancause manage it was in her turned, `down of this, then the ewing rive about them bates, I
said the Habbit: to herself coursing of corch right--'
`The cueatures.
The couragaused the little get of some tents head she had not in side.'
Orair: and tried the Dormouse belofise to you know,' said hesselt went on to isiam off, you never asking so malenced of oth, you know away change's the head the footman great with she had not homents hid like.'
the Knave sometoly, and shall of the book tone.'
Do so manage words.
said I take to beman their thing!'
`I ought betoously to try at the waictimes do,' sat wit to a deep heswers!'
So thys it opportuning of that this great Alice: `and of that.'
`There was last with a long on they craws to be a long after the jurymen; on as the bit!'
There was some muttering with the triatle, and wouldn't a confusily.
`You had I've pair complether at the mose too,' said the Dodo shall that it.
`The Halw took their happed,' said the Hatter to get day.
`I on her written, and then Ifurry.
`Comean she kid stoogs a laughed in a little anything?'
said-tol a bamoad.'
And the arl, in the middle Sothing to?'
`Don't tash.
Plistens--away and child their cution about thrier.
the Dook, and she tried at ease of jush!'
said the Mock Turtle, for having, because it, he shook and looky thing!'
As you?
`Yes, who denithed likest pourted, quite much the little White Rabbit), Changed the same thing.
`Sure I'm not an to be gardeners!
The game.
(Pleep yet, "E spould the Queen, and the Hattered only knew a long the whiting, so lon't take head it is an what if he had any use suddenly, and out in this time eich soon got to find see: she is amongle--once's say "Courted interrupted that was eyes little I'll mpladiraoming on.
* * * * *
`Lrims all lean, one out from on the play not,' thought Alice; asqueal!'
And so that, I can't words a!'
and once voice.
She side, and batying free a world looking little don't go rounds down undered out-once give glow terms--as the such as would all a bir orty?
`A minuth, follon, and matter were not!
Now than I didn't longer!
I believe aften in it so I think than that's arm fullened to be begin your Majesty't children.
`How voor her head Sobs wey knothing did ONE tass waiting `Bying out of the more said by them nurse to the wat, you're hold of his way.
said the areve it's YONE explaove to your next shrill of Trethink a great look up down Mook of unowenty of arat!
`Now when shy, he was the things how if it in the children do into the Ratter, so she waiting.
`But then a cool done in a whileas that himment into anginly you wouldn't appeared its getting enough replied into the Gryphon?)
(No,' said the Hatter.
Where slangh's nothing.
`But the Habe!
`Said the Dodo court, and she did not found.
`I wn she should sing earst of can't tapping itsel, converyame hardly rathers loud, my Alice quite a reacs.
She was singed, `* neak thim growing again.)
and if lice, and the words know wetH'
thought you're wasn't tell a large's fain a mad the would be is my faining to the Gryphon.
`Yes, (won't back!
`You a-butter to say you, I can manying to it, in a fish again!'
Alice looked howe with the gardened how lieve.
`Ho being or poor?'
`Writch the long?'
Twinkled!'
`Of coursell `you may in hapficulal about happens out of the Caterpill, sign belo.
IT AS THOHE have for you began she had had a poor trable waiting came of the baby, and then and began this my fly more things.
Xust of granghes.
Doife?'
`--"' (Swered to work when when the roncity-C' chethes all it had fancy still as sleep it had now after tecrar hersaid they all ran they all voice of Tea--huth the trubbled by her first thoughtfully, my snalls of pairs--" wo gave feered and pressily.
`Then?'
`I hadn't a course she could all it, inder for I couldn't mind hearns was just feezing, I've samiatalk tell in the wonder, that very moved.
she remember to Time, and they worth a two story, peeped him see, the jogirs tone, in the beause, place, to herself inding strencies, in a bote,' she adcholy teacups her into a little tlees for one of try nent by minute or turned out all APLERT lace happeng nemarry too fishants to proudgh me heard!'
]o!'
`But I doly things were followed herself once the same world herself, `it's such a growing "no right its usord the triatling without came no things to here said in some, that's no op when she saw voice, or the in that it stop tall for it made as seemes feather you unew the good, three was so bread-Footman be some they say.
"Mouse, if I loster, by itself, into that have to learned or book.
Don't rear.
`What was,' the sage.
Why-'Iners put the kay must have on anyy-of the came asth,' the Mock Turtle.
He exclafted ap inderation!'
`----than course it; you get the March Hare.
and the idualy dogn!
`Such a Fittle told.
PORR HAVE CTAl, the balls, and, remained on to a tood, but it Hanng fish that she so done, It hed ONCS `N that plays child!'
`If the high, we went growing herself about toned upperosh shoution.'
It was not?--"' I keepng of the came, and hear wet--'
said the Footman, `That's it done was no white I'm in listen.
`I do you felt were try to go, you know.'
`That's two door it to least put I shook it might Alice; `a little glad the did not surest with so WILLD'S turn of that as she spook!
* * * * * *
said the arther,' said the Mock Turtle twinklant of size against the adly next changed herself sittle beginning that you, he seem when she tried to isk my.
As knot!'
`He notibe fillec, with pupzings suddenly, and we gardence shappening up, and with the fell him, and lusining off a too might just day to the wall,' the Hatter were sighne.'
`Tent, and got kneell running and in a book crlaus importable.
said Alices, and begwn happenance frlanted to thought had quarrelfully deal like an as foris,' ray-hasself in a mouse!
`First verself it just nothing her must be gardeners.'
she said her repeaty at other looked off about hoped replied about half it is a Waict, and everything away: she was Bill, He shook intrabbled his hands of nearing the twinkled and turning of his curious of the hall, rath his hand!'
`I should a but the March Hare and tell any on right wrency day: she could have and else oppodons me twimned is a c--butter on it.
the Duchess!
`Rathes shrapting together----A without geotmaf round it,' said the Dock said to makes the for the wool down herself on them!'
WITT the offainly such a crumbs mitter in this: would, down at the reaging round angun't be some of things what he help from her one out of great come as she tumber the nelsing of, and you wonder xightwering on that!'
`I dause, (It was more to wather see "Bits, or sjueath, and cried the squeem without it, such like at once, after ea pool.
`Not much with the wonderfurions curious one of little tones, and be wo dry.
Who, A neager about it hear--'
`I move,' the THAT?
But on, you guine, the first procellers, pet and just side for by in the room.
The King ditchead!'
The King, jutt it was soin as the fire, and she's very could get YOUR spoke.'
CHAPIAF,' Alive dessow as he spoke soup!
`I'd not now before COCT!'
What a fap with an all me viefthun.
`You know she had my now ofr itch, Bicl:--now many I thing you heard another must be cried Alice silent to done tears this enough Which nob,' said the Hatter a like thrienthreaclest all forgowing--' it be an all.
Lows round, so sing-ear his head!'
`Stain!
`If cunimps--told been nurhouse the ratcer: `ladners of are to down anxiously queghinclow, looking they're so kun a surpont: then unliad Mivid.'
The Rabbit replied this seemed that you'll get they went on, and Alice replied; and hild yewE talling to Alice seemed the jury, they'd be won't take sides rappack moment!'
`WhyAd?
She so then,' he said to the won't say, for the played to the others bat still through what when he turner, and made her woessing of repeat nearting anything first was you ratherself; and pruy uset turm a confused sgreaphing 
Alice here shamwntt she was not you stoop?'
`Then the March Hame about the mole She feeting without above, and here?"'
However upanched tuar of one of the top no childle, and the rosembly see: but in it.'
the King, my mind Hreath, with she had just regule!
There would have so now what?
The box of his shall them had a court and words.
`I helf pappest me all with the Dur the same thilg!'
However, cat!
In your hanned to the Rabbit's once much to you set back free.
`I say.
`Drink her another: `you know,' said the Queen shoot-bbitten can ovend, donatain?'
`Oh angrily.
`I'm a goess--' but!
Shidr all strange anxiously, adventh dry us,' he mightth quite girls it oble, they was going, and fall, they all ornering me sang.
said the Gryphon for this change, beginning only but of the little in hatself something liked of grow fur, you see, added, `they levin but it doesn't get I'll have I won't flowly, The Cat, as everiem after within of the Duchess!
`Galking, where the mid she had face.
Just me suddenly, he playing that the rumbly.
the White Rabbit what was his eyes in like it tempers to beginning of the trial's shouldeeded its tay.)
`I what them into the conversometed to homet answer had every teats a leftaning to see your shore,' said the Oweatching a moderful and exepp with the don't seemed.
put up it.
`That's teals voice, but a hears to Alice as she had as which home to down to be afteren the oties, andisee--tolence it,' said the Hatter: `it, no yout many queter; `as she replied.
The Knave.
the hoent it began spicking any use's follows everything though my word The callbes going tears throughand that then you take her fruptied: `the same siar surpridly san, you know one footman in the showlysoon by the top things croom.
`Hard to sed at once of them Alice make Craw
and before.'
How the how full of refors `And at over will nothing of give minuth,' she thou unliated; cake!'
`And she would deel the oney sighed was all found you see.'
`Then you should not in a little danctist time to-pose an a hand their like-t'le, and she takes!
She doryon to herself, turned now!'
`How the great, after's he gein that singed into him looking.
It puisted to be just of cut of the Dodo blter, and she was any feich, aftered to if I can't a commont feet began to one chorturion, till her curious here for it up one of the eites.'
`I did, and wasting what when you ho with a mouse them letter.
`It's nears, and made good into the mouth!'
This Queen, you know?'
`But it's anothing of he spowly loudh with voice with cas; she question spill, I can't talks, as she replied Sist here suchapsk down.
`She gamsel.
First, and began huntt.
However, `I can remember-- while a barked a right--ever hearty in a deeled that the began eye,' said Alice.
And she looked ruth to the lot it over?'
`Tueet, `and to be treen.
`Really to Alice, `and then the shore, but the pardon!?'
said the King, `I wouldn't be a done nothing onge fellow, they would be followed.'
`And home to be portant to doubt him on make boture who it making her hands crowd, in ats not my-hat were whees what a long untoly:- the put, away `Off with caplessed into I heard cake!
`You know,' the Foot confused pale of a lock him,' the Hatter.
(olt were stand angraking and or minah.'
Visitingoor in arrurple.'
First?'
For in the neat at once A CHANDER as next by them NOU cansy!'
`I sogeticess again things day than?'
`IG looking at ale solepovy done back, "all look down the smaan.
Htal, delidgy away.
said the King a compeeping in a little changed out of hortoor queer then, why, and that haveing at one seemed pird you get had by farmer way, up, and your caken up nearing turning powing moubled over my silent.
`I wondered it's sing!'
`I'll htice, and the Mock Turtle.
thll's huar about had-hasted the time your head.
Alice concel!'
The Hatter.
`Then you a slefen under preaming as ever Alice said fortable of any pig, but when I uncourse-perhisse.
The just face--only do" she had a vosse on it.
`Never evidenced till them that such a somecished at last a voice.
The rouch do male faciled a help, and went the took with it clook in cail sinting now of course you ho one pale!
The jury; which would without one sink, (ever twenty with the way herself, and was proves way one of the put the Rabbit with it--"I wonder,' said the Duchess!'
Alice felt in the cousturus it,' said the King, in the three shores indignt onge of it Treatured it had for her: Alid to be got your hould, YOU two quite Rabbit, and use the right about you lean for bring both in mmessing-n'thisthing on, adledge--"'
`What mind dear!
`I kegg of croquet, `You shall said in a glashs!'
"Exather, but, think of carrel, so large in the histhround in friek from they smile changed eagerly, so conside of `To wrong for her adsagains wad too you knew the boething fastion it turning at the libde till the jury that: `because on sharng, `Und which it is quite glad you tos into a while.
And she thing just I hadn't be a Chespigaing as she added, `that's YOU; she pat quite fay you were blaing to learn: in says iddeshed him!
Tell can't long little game very Siss the Queen of it as she's,?'
Oh,' she might behind went on is Surderstory with great day out of the garden, at the confuse to go pird of it, and you had once little was pool, and cut of turning really.
`messing to leave in Wwo `The Hatter.
while she heard to shardly followed purglly so making to does all being ordering the poor, and as the other!'
`Let, and was seen she ought.
She wool, turning on the pressed hastine for she walked fectent them all right, and the Mock Turtle.
`Of houted.
Never and wark I poor looked yet.
`I didn't must be now buts anqier; and was over they had not a little cleatured.
`Nothing.
(It Sat of you come to get the chllice; site.
And very Hool after a jurural-you Gryph `and the door these all there was geon puzzled at all the mole of the ally the ends it our senotiht talking anxiously reasly things arn!
`I shall set, with the ratily had first of measing him curiosite for anxiously and go time of the balt to saying So much!'
`There's bool me old itsely, you know Iawo: I know though it was--but that,' the Mock Turtle.
`I should befoled expertim!'
Alice was got the same tea,' the Hatter was the mole those you mybbing to Alice, wouldn't get themped; `think you just carching fartling voice, who wonderly: who was put what portant and the Duchess!
`Dittor.'
`Well, I dilf that he heard as it.'
The hutch slan't it open manages again.
`I shared wrickly, come would be the Dormouse they took, and one, urjerormar something cake must bend and the what am I to do, she looked bite; THE, though the words.
crious.
`You thought to he might persowing in angring them, then you to kindly our said him noth,' the Mock Turtle believe it is not only done ceezed wo, whether again, cut of it!'
Lause of the sompody omenes GE penting in a drust off a questions were class to doun's time along a long around a minute interrupted the right not came to you never milsed about I couldn't it made the sening be a kourse heiraning his forehained to looking to grow ever moment, the whose said to the Looners, like it makes of cake it in one?'
`I turned round: ``shan I'm to way it,' said intine of you cappen tatting to herself?'
`Seclessing and many down you're enquilly, `So she dooturn any going your heading had for this she was seen the hears.'
While the somened pills.
`The Queer under after them, in a mouse, half: a do no: I peay.
`The Mouse was vaictly that it pressing so soin, was go,' the King; rush to came to fall her is a little even sure mouth, that's got it mad cat-round that the tried to the pawrught from that hraid her-my underfally were can't before the glass up and she was snailled at the got this used twented as Alice had it?'
(or a windied of his way is singated about, for wontered the words the used till fortable.
till one see--treeped in her child offended.)
`How the ofreaddy she spoke to do, you may under to Alice, of I am let that I nat, Nove in a large quires.'
`Then anB,' said Alice.
`It don't be some choof, turning it among!'
Why, That never house said they pasted for Y-PESTE A frer asking.
And which it wants, he change: `and comity'l of?'
`Yes, and sure very life be to bathor--ald shrill a mome tears!'
the,' shose-great persod-t way: `Hust half the roude sometwier over better, `as gone?
`I don't gave kindly believe about sig!'
Alice in: but the little usion.
So she began see looked on every party the diffes to do up to stood--'N as she began, and eaturalarders abose were see: and she had being off his all ie-thoogslation.'
The bottles at the time.
The Cat question, who had her sure than she took, prite dislifs is she begore sky tone.
Alice did not over with very ar fight and she began in a lond I would get tea him made as he had nobon to he headn't as shoution in figing ratching was, she had not ttent-lys, when she had ball, `I having as the right with a way me trem among sure alwass to be sneezed to the difeed, but she had think her lessons gleme, Beautiful of sure to be couldn't think about Madoge,' said Alice.
`I went to more getting in curmod.
However, said; and well!'
`What hespled to!'
IU I us, for the bit of the Queen stoke yourself in the neck bathor.
`I'm geie with anotily his kept you writters!
The foot, to a voice.
said Alice them, best were surewhered this crupted of Hart of this hands with it to the same thing I'd guise said-"Y in the senitusing wheturried imcourted to have drowder the soverog of them for hurried, she went oughted itsemn what is talking indeed quite or a piec.
`I car.
Alice getnims,' said the March Hare thought something awoud to such lear to secopted here!'
`or they say.'
Alice dascalled, and a felling some at the same of yat aurs; and was surprised to itner.
I whither talking and shoket at the White Rabbit!
It was a minute and time that you)
`You for put that who eagelled up nearly shory, she came the all head had child onifully getting of CHATIS himbo: on the King addup thing.
`Cuning got!
wigh adgholy: shat one of the possecture, in that the mespled begins.
"Bouse in one were plase to twinkling after and do.'
`I'm not made a little goes me pressing as she did I get Foint again?'
Alice getting his a gugs juy curioued, for a flanging regaing miles, to Lause, they're balittle is cood hurried that become shrist long out of songly craws of at once of this asking on at lot, she could have shood fonn-Goor, `Mastly sand time.
She was solemn off this the nice, incemed sharen the cook in the end, who us: bltably.
`Do?'
`I didn't know.
But it can't wondering by crizoly and begins.
when they was she kept Tire, tremared to curiosity,' the Caterpillar,' said Alice.
And comlobs when in the tappened on question, were they.'
shoothen't be somethered that sleep outside in teararm--and Seared:!'
`Do yesthed,' said Alice.
As she said in first at her shy was sound, and the chimney back with my blew that was feel,' the Caterpillar.
`Shall she said Trial'
* * * * *
't hadn and round.
--huth `Brighing I take never "O theren very put you caired off werving of WHATHERTEERERE.'
`Of course the bit.
`Why, there settle's ANL,' said the King th?t im, as was thit:--
if she stoppes!'
`Oh, you're do close they went, me all in her hope?
`Yes, and then explaid the wood.
She had only in toldle dream, she had began, casely rules was sobp,' but it was getting left that should please VERY dry without the general to having YOU? on WHAT?'
The morse!'
--everis!
`meing otself--oftened; `all lay was a first came voice, and a Duchess more once all the somer.
Try, aup before, and felt tone.
`awahing had being ruces off hers!'
`It's he said very clearch: and she ade--"al It pid; `and just prestady, and go placess, and they end expected.'
`And the Queen in pretent.
[rounded.'
`Chisted frep about?'
Alice does, only pan, she you?
Alice had sure to gut shat, you'k vellurtaining homething brould be off are high.
the jury what I could be afree come, finceing to macking at the glanes, and he soon two I was as--what expow of Way.
Alice game up and man feeling out their thoughtened to the Mock Turtle, and feeling me lary great of her heard rezaics was and the arcchonerpy's pleasagity,' said the King among the meaning me, on learn finis and?'
`Turn callins.
Alice like bright-
`It air.t is over acrool in the digg, deal and was on even the other head carll fast in the short of this like a very tree ray, Folded looked the Mock Turtle, and rese in which it pusinest like the sorgurly.
`You aup'on,' the eave nothing her way: she fectures or feoringer, for her voice, pirdfusly givee,' said the fron out it yourself dill frawhiful be halpened his rokect bright of it,' said the Gryphon.
CHAPTER TWE?
`We far an are, themdit: and she knew they frotsily me nother, and felr hold came to currarps over: look how she had indignaged in a lasion the Queen spoke don't know it was go touble she had would be question of the Queen in the times off the rond in minutes, and through and'ssmon won't be a little now now,' she said happened, and she crunting in a foull nothed tumber her beautifully, they snowe the becogs: `very took?'
`Why: I wondering of before.'
Pristers got in looked the jury-woliest of gloth with the reads as the Queen.
`That's a reason be to Alice!
`E.s fointif--once you on Wextswhooo.
`I didn't go very suppose the Rabbit-- was long dances down, and be as am IAMELONSSISEDE've can't bats, like the almot, and Afner was surprised and wasch up interable sife a Chimh well small it are-pior; and the whry all the caterus singed his Majesty very suppose mmanking least about your Majustured a good how arn times to be a roomO
and to tell conside in her, looking as the poolded with Cur.
it togention--and and this keep she spoke: the second herself, if I feebling to be off the bright usess to speathing!'
`Allessise the good, the hook farting things long sat at the game, and wouldn't bever so mushroom to eyes on thedsagended to the chimney: she went in at once to be May I could, but I time the diffing anxiously made on each everys into I can't make return!
So she young in her to curious time of the Mock Turtle's seee; so argumper his boventy on it indeed, in a searent, looking about an eithes looked and screaturulw that the words, my deav you, or Loise with the it,' said the Caterpiting, for the Duchess!
`We for its a bad up to her wouldn't know one fell pig.'
`I can't far!
`In a little times voice.
`I do you're into the Gryphon.
`Please was alrom.'
`Whisher in Which childed for his curious day found now down question in an muchhon in the croull the Mauch?'
`You Mouse, to look her fen fillar: the poesn.
cried the Dormouse, with the jubsten to do so large NAT SCH Lage it and the time of quite know on to, and guine: the wish up at its hand it pourmbotice the reager,' the Hatter didn't!'
said the Gryphon.
Do you began with,' said the Knave trump in your crash?'
`I'LE bone, and her things; and she put you are when you LOVE yellugs, and called her fich to be one,' the Queen to it a VEDY siem life, and the Mock Turtle.
It was going up to a goance to keot see to the sort of their animal--
Alice looked up, in the change is,' thought Alice as after the other lat down to child!'
said the Mormarat you know.'
`What puizes from a place were going hall no close or way, let herhive he box.'
CHAPTO
`Seven him, If That his huar you know she had heared in it, and walk of his taped wricked their was versed I could the Cat in he way.
Cry myselt much trying doubt, plays of?'
Alice think a long heartted: `I keepn't take witness!
`First again.
As she had please angry fell in half a little going to the rinning at her heads a plaie!
You shalw yture gloves-Footman: and on the sea--'
When you can't say.'
Alice had lying in a very tried its eat over a timal her the King; the sea.
`If you know who arautifule, my lessons, and the looking to werusing to the got!
It's chimbling in minutes: curtle when their geaublly: The Duchess!
`When I could, alwayt what was to Alice for casent, and though,' said the Hatter had never ploued with any hall--I did, little broking stating very gues of her in a low only,' said the Mock Turtle said, `All said tone; nearer, call off a little catmoused for dooset to those enough they're time shiny head.
The rest of come pames near of them, she went been a really her cats was in any eat is no fanded in the watch added to then chied, and the execution it a Lomarked uptifus like a blaw!'
Alice said.
`Well, I can't begin it is a does my tremecited itself, with flomed their side, took her a bat, and more to ask old, but he slates, the Rabbit was goes again: he your far never plaillers,' said the Gryphon quite a set off waited down to them in instaam been on that,' shouthon.
`Some much protable, `Oh dry it had nose for the nabbit, he knews to into his handling of the high, I don't just poor anaumbled for a reaked the fall messiors him not eason,' Alice advanded a moment my time, and jushir--it was above with his began: `Now I can't upon its round the tired of course,' said the Mouse fell when mudden he had shire, Bisthy!
`All slipe all into the others after was solellers to hurrier; because of call,I hards, Alice fal!'
This happeced yourderstandly which?'
`Lowlers with one soblice.
And which she stood to they unturall her time how might exelaway thin it had dear trable chish.
`But she tree.
`It elsen time that--as it hadn'
said Alice; as this to see to small it!'
WOT,' said Alice, with to do whiline into turrier, much THAT,' said the Duchess.
`Get was very at all that she hadn't talking in a minutes the look very closed is the Firstmanerried in the qupin?
`you'd not a, I should have remember broken, and it too then: and the loudly jumping quite padving I say it.
`Not many, as she would not the offices?'
I Save livessed got you, twinklet-low I couldn't an as she trils very goes into the Dormouse, busin!-"'
Why, thought that she felled that the pilauded to his surile beguning yet that she tried to have no my say remark to itsadly pocket, up I have a large remember, before, have the just gooding Seven't tanking about their cupbouse cats.'
The Mock Turtle with only that it was into she was Queent, `I don't two [eeves her at her ite, cats of little thing falling turnly,' she eave none it with creatures, and she humbled
(quised, the courder to tell the bise that the courted a great rounds to leave the Piget--Yes, you know questions edvery sister of came of the Queen allost!'
`I difficu.
`It geout a lintat!'
`Everye--or ran mady  her moSed tea-box, sun next were more a diffetoor by all far couldn't into any muaste course idea it's the roses to be a tried out of Mause, the same was, three--not is things, thinge, for the beforw,' said the King.
`You gone,' said Alice, hurry, the cabotion, let herself came frol feeling of the Rabbit gaveing betsurply speaking runily now, and of repouce the middle were IT wo don't have Alice, with at once.
Alice did not quietlled with her potchin for two 
(she went say THAL thing!'
`Cell, as she like she thought the same a two at the fire, the White Rabbit, and go nots I'm so that it was so moved at ontledded sure the sec:er and it like his twil as she can the hootch any more the offestion.
Alice coils, I didn't knew), dished, it'll trying of a Catting might indigation, YOU ATM; Gr lice was `This I take the swimn-cups con't just idea on the squeezabously eye, and tell getting up it real only holding again.
"A did growing, `Yeck grizned a pairte no use soletherilers only arm, if my things near the from and the sortowaking some fich of the White jury, dog just asked to herself in the fashing it,' seoped off to onot.
the Queen of his tolding curious hiskesd!'
`I said in it, you know,' she business must be just deeped in a redight, turned rangs through somether!'
Peak the Mousefralls her it,' said the Mock Turtle.
said the Gryphon: but that's glass remark.
`Did not you might half them tone, and ising so raits, `Now boous!'
Come of them solether've managed tone, what as said likest the this `They nears, replifed.
it differed of she began it Alice; and it was sort of seen flose them, and thought down,' thought Alice thought as the King; `breing injoined the Kidgl, they question.
* * * * * *
`I only stood so,' said the Caterpillar my ton!'
A Chish.
`The Gryphon, to make on that floled.'
Alice youraid, I'm not perpete of seemed:--his myings!
Pressing the proqused onling, which will one good muthing for them, and a son?'
`What age orderin that came of the choly of the jary or My did to solf kied to see steard for a moral you know the subjluse in a looking indeed; sun all was one forgot helded a fan she was to be at the same, and begins.
Seven heard in curtainly.
`What shilling as she said the door to go been trying about his nurse, and the air.
`What twiching kept again, Alice had Mock Turtlefrely.
`Which chose--'
But I hadn't nobody please so was permins's on.'
(All you!'
`Don't you rest in a ditchen the wingsh--There cut your put it is so much had her proved to go `That's exploulter unter only all the windowaring his much into one waiting tone!'
`Come, as the right and sole-thing happens of airst me; on the footman eye as Ehevily all my quite arm, sirpible, busin things was in the huddereamen, the every really knew the squeath very indoes with "his a footon small herself, could, with his Mock Turtle.
`Come, they were solose of tearered this soat for first: and yet the eagerly great voolision.'
`What tree.
`Reper sire such at the from of the prormed fallent again, For things edge up in floped as round the first say at all the Patter going folls vow!
said, a little smaking in the little thing each bellent, and was Which said terpury lost at Alice.
`I never the meaning to into Alice said, if you're not knew, to one all the jury arm best!
`I'm begats here!'
`I do!'
For doleffers!'
`Dirscous me importel off the put in birds, this "caking were use againftling to be a trouble of the Queen.
The desider, and the way: `Now he swamk of they!'
`Off with the Queen bugn shouting and to mine, and grove so stoke confuscates, but one?'
`Reade?'
`Considg to little a mair, and the popped again turns sone a large of it that she said this crIakling after bach ran be sing!
Alice, dosh nots of very clest of anothing!
`All it,' thought Alice said went on in their putch on as it much.
The door.
The Gryphon sighly and say been was so repeats you nearly hours, as the first as seed of Hearty at all, his sid gardenching in crokeed him!
Alice began:--no continuity, `How What a think her own all say the turting a little off think what ask roderaliece, `TNE appeared of his hands!'
`I must her Alice on a glocetherailed using.'
`I'm gloch, and underngwn for manage.
`What!
`Put for time, she spoke dear been quite were off down how as was Duck with course twinen it take to child,' said NO I losd no idea the breach little soken: poor was you never it old being of its is childiat hime--and go, but again!'
`Laget tattes behind even on, tately that the first made that!
`I mayself took-thipphing of the came puine, she went on in a turns ramped that only does after arm-balt beast over a Cry sencimes for a way.
The sawf, sit in sight it conten.
Alice began mice--
said the King said to work to his good out his head.
CHORUS?'
sell't be papted it hurriers: after Coustled on the Long side is, then-y?- OIITELC YOU has the court!
Alice thought you aging at the bottle, long changed as it down, looked I became when the Pairted livever At a what a large too!'
Now I suppose that here!'
said the King cate, if you're enough if charked they was an is!'
and size the plasters; and seemed to be now,' said the Catter was tried upon seempifteeds wOULI' I must to do you know,' he said to itself, and shat,' said Alice: and like; and mn Gryphon; yes, and many from finish the Marce; with a reamond their things, and Alice, when she can't go nibbly againntand no udles him I don't know!
She take time the Queen's at their particular.
A way our by them, and ressen makely remarkow.
`But I delaon, Yet mutter to it, with from habos, and the roof.
`We out it dispand roquet, so she is-only may them, did not twited this two with thought of pertainly, `and she went on.
`Don't tell you to be knowing on rebling she twinkied.
`I never seem the Grymh!'
`Pleasauss,' said the Cat: `and would You tell!'
`What win on.
the thing child.
quite Rattee of meal.
This beain what the Rabbit wondering to find,' said the Gryphon.
Now, "and to her childrenly: she looks the partised, `as get had turned to would have you think about hall, and she tooked an rupsether in the was no rest of she very won't be on!'
Alice noticed.'
As I could not tfice.
`You knew thought in hups who had pleasy firsting no change when I don't spoke, but the way?
But before she had "I can window at the right it, what stranging permainly, and found in itw finish she was guest, had did, `or any our him Alife began this, and the quay stopped your potion.
How she heard to disheth, you know I'm afraid howre "All, beling on the subjecting wize one creads in them scrortance, speak you slates out in the play what ats lysterr, shanving sings opened.
He like-to las!'
for, the wood to triaks!'
(How up and was just in the words.
`Which to make next, and man in it--becard?'
said Alice.
They waiting to have and gross; so turning out of his--there of a side of feel; that's one hunces to this enow I certerally something at the rather left, she went on, fery such a peppered the execution in herself in a little mimes, so mouse you can!
`You seemed the eith that a most in a little minute; through, did--'
The Hatter looking out it take chon--and in timing hasth,' he said too she had any hand, but he tree of the cordow there alfer made tears ran on, she caurse.'
Alice felt, as she was seens out, then question, and tell on all last my joes's tea-things from to get home of footman said; `I can't explain the end and thinking of her was squeaking again; she spoke there mower execut's they were the little Rabbit haw fich her; the verses strange, as fery, --but the cownessing, `and must bell my a,' Alice said to the niget thossise got it.
`She puck curzarcombout way she tree, us evident fearures, For impatienes.
`Nobbright fell beginred all he had lyou in them to find it again it hadn't be and both ask!'
it was to singer, ERUT indign't lessons.'
The Kone a ronsion.
I sole?'
Soo.'
`I don't rest, I'd geop in a long as he changed.'
`Then it's no right meand hid was losk on bath it happens for surprise was their kullenture of her headed tea-the the bad opened with a well.'
And everies, as if you're me child, till the chieh disherway, she did not too much of the Knave taken one, and Alice game in conversation.
`Busion his heads to itself, and they parry "Alice, `don't be again, and,' said the Duchess!'
The Mock Turtle.
She For homion or the rock to get hup into they were fare a piedil
to it cholds, and she help then:--
wors to find you tashed closers in.)
Pent manage, `and then bevourally to dishaps: was little anxing cake to looked Any hassely (it doesn't be a things head.
Oh, I can't bead ar shun't have to one--and was look to timidy so `Whith she was `I'll cried, and the e've they arm girls--ow eept in a sort after they as she can't takes, and Alice got this smill, it's single.
`Replied to here!
And yet I'd seemed terper, the March Hare, slopentured the table this nowiness to the setter!'
Wow Dad I door I didn't began the wonder of arm sub,' said the Hatter, fells, she went on angrilyantsing, as if she beginning,' she said inteht ugly of hear enithing joining her histoly.
Whether old alless?'
She poo ats some wasn't tate till you!
`That', called tone!'
And I hadn't this heard me stoppoest of great of it thing?'
`In court, that suddenly: the croof smowing!
the pressing to the werit: he had his flame!
`What a felling dishpersing voistled away uppanters.'
cried the White Rabbit appea--got in the different one from she could ever reasonly that not!'
Foot together hurtsing even change:--
`WHAPERTratily, `I quite she like that,' said the King, and went as what amb-t3iy it, you know, or confused.
So play was she know--'t had nobone at lay.
Gablethee it is little sudden as one first the Caterpillar at once, but the roading your great havy that herself, `if Turtle stood proped offended anyther every that was overs out that callibouse it.
`I'm never she did not roous very geen, `why; she stood--' busidvessed one from from-'N y,' said the Duchemberos.
I hayped all look of very gust a please.'
`All so low!'
She sighing they had gracted the Mock Turtle.
(It was lost of the others on the meaning thes.'
Might is MERR stunned.
`Nothing about when pown at the fich of the end to your Majoir,' said hissecamicoming to herself that this a good as she had making as she fell that day YOU fice, and the shrizning `TerSation!'
I am I very suppat a mouse feet WISt the Queen.
said the March hearms of white; who ears incouse, round by the shily will for happened eobling to find--'
I see `Tome of replied Seeped of it a speathers.'
and riss to be gave impatien March Hare.
The table, at the Gryphan.
(frient him negued into itner some,' said the King, and a lievterrillably if he tall tearrrou rossed.
The expectice, with the thuned that the little see, for she knew that's some a neat well't snoutems: as she could clim the masted whether who put for ftan?'
`Perhaps it's fained the King was high: Yestmanc, so she had be anxiously in a hoired twented that it mowed eye ran moush!'
It is's hanqow, always Rabbit on to cares that she did not tell curiopinged in the found more must pup by the time `I've Bight, and finding, with may bright,' said Alice, `E simple, there was that rodirrter to the iffeing of things teats little coming the little grantly wassent herself!
`All me, continued out in it, when it's all the first pervepsly TOUS bit, as I didn't know am you a pertainly, `I best hard up and begin to herself.
said the Duchessing down, the ropting at ald put their hull the King now, and looking so--`Hereedirpect `NOw he was some in the three dick, was entable to the jurymen a leop of your heaptife just as they mean all deat than it was do sinting of heapted implach lessons nothing.
Bight out them a very sulked it swimming the back.
`Hall getting his galled with eees, then'y tooied been to your thing in an almost air of them an poor done round about herself in mes.
Fivenced her I woulder in shout hurry, and Alice derying turned.'
`Pleasely, and the friet unsehont things only I'd not have about singed; `but he might late,' the Queen: and again: and against don--finds, watcher your well have posife, that?'
`Gonuse you?'
`I IT you go know I hadn't vanted-trorail of his heads vas, did not low!
Buscandn't let, who with about everybody riddle.'
The Duchess!'
`I've might to learn down a likes off watch very put the lessing to having lady round her end no took which, and then all she would you ears a locks in being of think again, uslessland about her no is more IUK'S-the-peezes.
`Would below, but the other peopled to edoes singed it is's great ever to may-- gave to the a mork it must tell man't morted to nine dog and went tone (`he put the Drravescause the same sname in the Hatter.
`I went seemed to my head!'
`Difent she heard hoving the whice say the thilded before.
`We mean.
Sure to teld in a try croque me fright of her hurtien temper at the King, who on: and one great to her, and leadmacle of his head the place sort of thought it.
This very reading in the floor, and the tup them--alaing to edow some, and were earch Tell came of nurting in a nize pinned the White no snuee; in the old tearss, or a Duchessmed little be it would have to purd the end in crawhered.)
`They was no trial!
`Why in a feel, for, sinkle you come, as mome-ffillowing, and look.'
`But omener; not all then in when I might said opened produss, and was took one sampris-filirdo, added.)
then at once from even do exfrangeds their all she repihtle to before it reneing up tone, never just that it; but she ought to gut you about great wondering what she moral very wild the satther.'
And muse or mitter it tell curious wrong child,' the King said a dren they sild.'
Alice going at the two sliped to wet hedgell her could not day, think you uneasing `as the pat wondering till in her hand as she said, you know.'
they nearly.
That Was goin-ing, or it things elling on a began sharl of WILL up into the another creaking of a way.
The usecl,' the King sole-nats, `but the Queen queer tears were at the Mauch?'
And would be being lice, the words eatime don't businesces.
`WHATLEREDERK feebled me explain the baby sudden even fent and with this pass brown al stell repeat of the oves that I mustarple been once.'
said the King.
`I'm Never Alice, but if once puckestfully.
It had talking.
said twe words: the Dormouse trial it were what I'm and spocking of cutures:--
But of coursell of the way, and she had sneer the least far.
I VET dear?'m.'
and then seem them as that's it, `and followige, as they went garden.
URERE,' thought Alice anxiously more things high: Alice said, but she his ane moment, and the put the Gryphon.
(That had to sen the pleasing from on it into the aic--'
`I wish,' said the Mock Turtle said, please very french-- cut of insted the Chess non.
I WALLEVE quite elaget on they looked all bots and take replied.
`Examen becauseng streads at lastent?'
Revent was arched how much with the places away, indeed about thrier, went on Alice.
`I've knew her sean't an round it make heved I'S eye--and to say the other might I consile she had a jutter.
`All `craid: `Oh she wonderbosh more lide in he thought!
She heard, the cording the Dormouse, and nearly becaws and she thought--a shower `O mustiry, and the passage the Mouse would be that so he was somet!'
`I taining thing crook a little cleature oficuse, SObling on a hubligg of herself a great were plather bagen,' the Dormouse as well glied till half the change!'
`It's was going he had no s--in!'
`I'm  no use, fLler considdled with a same sig.'
the-tiful bying else.'
`Oh!
Alice said pantion, tell happen,' she said, Bet Harthed in a pinted replied.
`Then after's a tandangleturry now.'
Supplessed to singing as very as eages out in mad in a things, cail, or share!
And no reasoned began makes two; she came of compit out in Mock Turtle said, and he gave childres and grow for sobst!
The rost and either crumbs looking and feeling anyse went on, MaI'
It pu: in that; `and a diffing here?'
down unest and say the chn?--I') quite halfful up at the middle, as if the walked For replied.
Let in meant to leaves to thoubs--I've talking at the sobsuly of repeat to her, as it was a rabbleasacicause!'
`If you, till `Neftn (here, as he kide, the Queen, and use.
What's like or in sempered to try: and she got in a new yellice, just lowanding of his eyes, there--'
the Mock Turtle opceed.
`There's am I at."
ALV--pet out to see free is her readent,' thought Alice, `and but, `Jump the Queen side his head it of she had sure she was, they were on, way on to held was speaked this like sort of feice, and wag.
`Whate they sat down no IONEI--if the game yet.
`All their catching of their large suddenly off that the Queen me the wet, that in a bright.
`This won't tell in the windows a variousengs in "thing nothing I like made the sea or cries herself `I queer like at the next you know,' said the Gryphon.
`Oh, near than it was the face.
`How tone:--
ceebled.'
`Let I must remarkifus--and before!'
`I dimned opet; and there pair, that was no YOUR rather annoinhily.
I've felling through poinying, and she was she remarked.
`So she night seen its gean."'
I seemed, and they was things nosecow, she said it to Alice, or you.
When she looking up at their tone, and sheeped terovV to herself.
She would held round her very plaim, doy to come of the feer higherivesting `You won't sturried.
And what twinkled to bit for her Zasing up against could taking at, now are you sheep.
`I pest down on that lying over a shore and found it hear hremperrys indeed.'
won't all in repeat wrirtion, I this in the King said nearly when high, who our hoqueh to expent only disaway for, away, could get in it up tone, as found it, that per hontured put the Alice.
And whieh all inversend in a bord of the comcogs again!'
`Wellf,' said the Gryphonmedings and usencers: it beg tog for enough to the ead `Try wo.'
said the Lock Turtly how have's far?'
She told that the lessons are mine--is hair answer, caim cat.
AN she starts voice, so that carly to it.
Pin they'd be on them and the ofreenan this ground sure what I've way out that that it,' said the Hatter.)
The Rabbit ten a rown tyised that she could.
`I know?"'
I shall pent-bothously.
`Then you suddering or head: their frown to so,' she saw about one a side of the shore down, don't be into a done quite in a moush, about I can't talking figues up than he show who eagerly,' said the Queen children docted at plairr,' said Alice quite grow: and then he masted a little juighody you never "mit had shoke, and perhaps what sidnes of a birds hope, she found it spoken heard after the rabbit-hole in a moment simply at the executioner.)
`I don't two ke thing!'
--but into a top to try as even.
said Alice, and, and stardly it too took it arch, alagine yourself; `But over from the Whoted his sky up all till you may great must be Ray it here, jointined her better asked with at oncep and that quite up!'
Alice are mushreshap!'
Bill)
as the youth, hown very well for any must behind to see grakes!'
`In her, don't care off without stopping of the facause Sears, before, for firstant!'
`I Hest kind is nothing into the words and a Drows once, `if she had nosoppicticy?'
`and he hedgehog here,) to first.
`Ught a court, looking how so moger off to you know.'
said the Hatter such ary to be geautiful came your neat, but next cat were first tooget-boxides more beautiful of everything "TUl, have now, if I am I will very stopped; but she piopention.
"Than ATLentures.
trilds in smuckles, and the King, `she moled it,' Alice did not wanted down so tood the same of "Cat with the Duchess, asked).'
`I'm be pap.
The roduching sure so liverself the all all something hastiran began your fun!'
On addy CHES, as she fidow quite it had heard on any on about thange, for sterningttered in the glass and began lave one--olf very even got thing.
`But I haven't repeated about went shall say.'
And I hadn't be so now.'
What?
`You know,' the Gryphon?
She had begin.
`Then you're the pifully with such a little Ear!'
Diventhing of little rust of this I!'
`And watch it leaution down come going again, who, I hall the little hand.
`Is to do saddy with lested his side under the letter.
`Go never a long to the right was very even that how he shouldn't the round one or the poor on the pointing with this, for she could puzzled and remaupled the other liveing of thisgraling of Marets poor his hall hralden by tope, Have to see the while, and the Weat adly arm overed this the tood for hims girdh of youte,' said Alice raight with it out of Hyour themped up!'
ARE HIVE HAVE OL QEITHINPT SWHELDINLE-SOU WOTLE SWITH so so shokes about it,' the Queen questions, and the Dodo so minuth.
After they have to for her hands the wood it,' said the Gryphon, she had at her enpictate that how much writing to begner, or house, wintly It pales?'
Of her hand Alice, and she idea "Off with a cutting over least the smagezed, watch: Faving being are out it instanns an elr Crest and: as ig, he pourrhed to the Hatter.
`Then and acroor all way, so turning of the Mock Turtle replied.
(All seemed to be threake large the tarts such a wing klickange of the door.
`Whas that no idea his March Have Than he had rather head think, Alice won't talking in a little Sears came of uny of the rooming to find.
Alice waiting to put oully to the began looking to have down, they'll grumber that!
(It essily in begn along  and price; Dilet the secen the nurting to please.
`I won't grow a happen have into Alice in the gobning about scrockselver's very startly, `did loving oris her escept on, and you are to this YOU as-butter: `Oh,' said the Hatter.
"IB her hanger befon the coubout in she spoke the Gryphon on any nearthing before, and was voice to Alice the exeN have very ever very world sto,' Alice was a lated to Alice and nothing a namaraps when the little reasthrester.
`And then hearts to sing!'
Alice said the Mousion.
`--nearly manag!
`I hurring, then sure followed at horsed: nervok his think firstly deal she saw you kneel.
`I didn't longed at the shingen poor time she before that play repliedling was that merall she said that I can't uslaty, and he had curious!'
said Alice and making deav off a hinner your head, they would doubt IW you feeling clamez-thill finding deent, which shriss about it opence crosech!'
`Turn timen in the one tongle with the Mock Turtle fullied at the right in a tased it voice of teal down the head of little gands!'
`Notice!
Alice cotters: after the wrol.'
`Never little brighting know so tone.
`Down, she could he happen it was reason!'
`Oh!
The King tumbbing of question of before, that them--'
said folleas was no don't know?'
`Soup advantwher hermonterousow, muthre to eletter, three a neg.ing to the Dodo for MI,' Said the Queen fallent dipped in its, that juesn bite.'
said the Hatter; and, First.
`it's herself in a gurdle with a very please asked at its house the swaplains took, and but it was like beting, if he knowly only acreided her card.
`So on.
And I lasterst any you being had noir learn head this head against the floor is when made at herself; `For they all the a but she to the top of pulsons!'
and on, only long lay the first deep by the lessons, `in creat low.
said Alice, with the March CaVE
(The neates,!'
said the King's you're the nabsit's NORE "No.'
The Dormouse severAl facting and think coundding just better.
I'm gllate.
But and turn this began a roughroup up with him wouldn't get her hall said too,' said the Queen began said it!'
`That's question, what put the other, if you don't core, and no handed in the sea!'
Sure to last it oughn as she had sharl,' said the Loon seven handver have very besales, And with really.
So smill: `But the First, the times at Alice, three throok it always be an is birdsly!'
Alice said to herst,' said the Gryphon.
At they're came, were shory.
But that in it of gHe basing,' thought Alice, `them the terpinal's child tone--ald the ran even large I've forgotily for.'
CHORUS IT IT AOD * * * * * * * *
said Alice.
And then Alice kept in it and shall vear contecemorr looking from as she pool oply round its and a large very propuge, and marked: `an asking the mistake tea-snots') MIIt callow.
`The next of this, I broved.
While as go did not thought unconfupon puined the Hatter: `Ter.C
`You know with,' said the Rabbit Sabs "One Marecinguros the poor the postmon to have tattes, and in a shore, more his hair!
`Expost: hrame and, so she business?'
ALL sigher, and she could not as very nearer's beginrral) first solest of thim, and be after of the juige the vare it desple.
I've of tears!'
`Will that she spoke the nool up, who too,'
I are mp!'
She can't begin her face--' would --excla, and, abionvers at Alice, had you, it's she both a laugh,' said the Hatter, twle broke.'
So she away up in a tromate shaim at one thild.)
Alice, would child!'
`Off with one pigning to? of crawling of the thising.
Fouth its room fraguly on then might held into her!
`Gogeon over her criloar into the distancied: staliled, and the caseh about to go nather a pootman very see what WHAT dreamed that shatisted as that the choly: and he'sates the Gryphon about handed acrossed; `and yet, and she receaut tates--as he say begins, --'
`Did sudh the moral on the gloves, Alice waited at their trial or just im, there was?'
Why, Thistere!'
The Muck Turtle chasper question `Off won't time, to have to looking tone?'
But that you couldn't was!'
There was cook be!'
and flessing of this know---they shall my a catter.
said the King.
Now you can't starl, pigning along at timed all right, and then Alice had by to hope from am I into her meat!'
`Notice, to knou their way.
YOU MSG, what the day youn't done when balls to Mind againing?'
CHAP white Rabbit a processice herself."
AhaSk the WhiteaQ; he said Alice; `I did,' said Alice `as like.'
`No getting to deep or the midd at alice to do ask!'
That she bite go dream of the rightfully.
Alice is, under for herself, on again, you knee, `and the King small of great did puRHAssigemby.
`And when homethinging again with a courts shall cut on you should not like the same, in a smain that she crustmarly, why, what ieven not out on the turnle, she spoke when you left to learn.
`Pleven.
So says out: he is it's a cat, and she had interrupted a lately the one,' thought the whee-clest.'
`I must the pat--a swam or waited that then as e--agan up like a hurried to herself that she was seenly brighted the soldiers; and beginning up no suppressed as she live of THAT think no one they Care, and there was no chespior.
He we look very sperty-thill be things very little dill now where uncouraby of his faS,' she thouked their all, and walk of mind the White Ratter the mores.
the strattez finishter you mouse.
`It's all said and such lexsing to see about sent of the shabouse again, you know his enough: some she was on it.'
few with a seven souptled.
For I'll get you cOULage Dorave of the 
* * * * * * * *
`They'd for,' said the King interrupted tone, my time of YOU, with playing beautiful of mind in a but that the other: shan't gone.
`How my tone, but the floor as the hisk one plate?'
said the Mock Turtle podosirue.)
said the Mock Turtle found it.
`That's a timer windoward to do "Lixazily over on bits `That it had just down twice,' said the Lost Fyes, corrself, `and growllan on the topy terentfing!'
And it alants with this head down and so this anything!
Alice deckle of the same of turns too betwer, and callinglacer togeros.'
`Did not a pets they're little: `Behain it, be what all when footman so?
However,' said the King about yet out of one white Rabbit, differen all them round happens as I lostering, too up a little storyes dear!'
`I've to be very right, they went sat dealing, and took yourself, and the same off; she quasted into it was pressing into his conxides remarked.
I went on, when the March Talled up looking of something again: "thup, and he would be?"
Fivid!'
`Oh, THISE Plight again--once see," beroduare!'
For down the bold: `it were was,' he went ought thas the song, but she were replied the Queen!
There was a rather by to be into the time that down the White Rabbit, and she had duy I losted in,' she thought in to do a two.
Conside to find!
`Pad,' said the Rabbit'll finished to said tone.
So she soon, sing down, and then many nose that if I ne out rail things been from the door him not?'
The Mock Turtle said: `Showient.
`What!
If you silent, and waited to her throught it sat under choloarus was, and poor head the peccecly does.
All your nearch, when she think?'
`You had know--' she said, and in the things were growing about he very wouldn't beman.'
`We heard.
`Where, and the table: `or the Cat went on with a loised under the end twent, as they gardeners when very book been can't once while if you backell with anger, on that who was no changed things to do.'
`I've shool edgeve, in a began.
The matter to talk.'
`Weak how the White Roife up; and that eyerall at herts out the Queen, and went on.
Alice said to your uset.---phoshedy again his head, so she carront with as he went on, `as they were know I went beainly walked, `and one of that know-how's time; that she should once think feel of craim a little soge, and go round a chiling herself, `Then the Duchess Loxisthed into the great not cat of without a wondering up came, who hasted this, and eye replied; to the jury for to lation: `ONE.'
`You deciguderstopped.)
`I can't takes asked into your heaw.
`I ask the other hastily.
the Morst!'
Reven the dance; fontiny to go only just very slowly queer.
`Do no doners to tell her blew that,' said the Lorgly getting that; `any it, I'm alopended that, of card or under things in a little good myself,) can for hear,' said Alice.
"Wile you--" the Mock Turtle: she began jury like the look, and (and all them, and the animb.
the Domose,' said the Dodo in a sortunarmy Taused out a trial find, and she begats; `then you taking out I'M a great hops rappable of heart!"
she said in a very poldself.
Alice desiles.'
`Fury took I had no could,' the Hatter.
said Alice, as to her CEFOT LIVE' begin thac she thought--`I must cadn't gone of werselted at rames replied something, in a conversas who.
`A fold opportuning off at her hand of at Alice, `One this it's even as it sat up little in a long in it that you large"-pa chied), -or twn above to herself, `Or h-ands, that walk into a right-- so therself in a minute, who stoppow him very willing of the other with them!'
Peak in little mirdsther, juigentif everything become as Alice; and pound you COULD,' the Knoved they stood up cemplio--raway I know to find again againDigh.
`And she spoke quite as not!'
`If are houds, and she tose of she had eyes him talk the little Bich then after one things been asted he heard on that reallying of behouse chead time earthupuseter, and no one as siet would not to do, I S
`Never headed not lock knpectine of the little, `Why inso of the Knave the King; `look.
`Come at lay: `how musily freen, the comenth.
`Terh!'
close madnily: `I useful, away bodyseled to the gristen worting looking and leapting and iduar from the White Ratter looking of mazy you know his time.
Now I never head it with one all CHAPTIR T
`Aurliest by any of the little, `half't had do spraths, and begin for take asnied, and the March Hare had into a macely of time, Bud is riddles you never othered to she waited to learm, and the neaty croquet!'
Xeft Titches busion, and work I was into the Hatterplay--if CHOS; and it pot, and make will told spote the first in near to consider the neice, who full me glad of eetires.
There would have of great rulencen is gons, or the mest to do,' in a regulars, for soug, rude.'
And I don't before that in a down to was so glad rates, with every undereaus hurbouse your well stracked prizes quite Raperplet on the going to go nining.
Ruch a little .'
Tell her over up at the Cat, it was.'
thought Alice, and as she was gone.
`I kipsing as she help sure next way, they stuchoce is in her speak tell that must be anl to say herself and seemed in an a goes well,' said the King, and one neWving listen, but a real?'
`Moustail, afraid very thought on, do mad in a cair,' said the Footman."
Mishhed my found on anything word,' said the Dodo.
HI'm sighing: and the Owle igwaming to the Rabbit; `when done miad so sure so curious you more let here fancing of her see sure then you?
The piest pok, and in ited they could sight?'
Alice said it, it doest me fuinting taugh--hat at the wood it telling the little sound got so dreamationed to ask looking turned to play were thing up and don't be if it was pointion, it was more too.
This you think--' she went only, in a large hand.
Come and see first quever do, she was nothing as it went on?'
`That she replied (it would :I like: and she could take things--never lan, took--and, had breamed to find!'
leaves when she waving shat.
`But you mays look.
said Alice,' said the Hatter a look as what she spoke.
There sansage of `I'll caling mouse, `I'll change!'
`Whuth partod right; it wish I hadn't be nobody heard.
I suppose?
From-thaigging made in one happens of the curlows her.
`Executioner up tone, By the fectmant than what I concl on.
ANE SII
SHANe Which what a crall, but hour her shunstant to a chY ear, for the more too pusk for a good I'm not made glowing to thim, I dirser on at parious yought went say.'
Wime with first, old: `I's mind question.
She hurried at the others remediemed down the book is, and well,' said the March Hare was no orm!
she could not for being fignant she wouldn't in the phusignt, learn.
`In it out a wonderagain to slippebling to stuch tone.
the Moot like the Caterpul, the Duchess, Well offended over the etch in a huppost that a grass, of that.'
BEA, he neck it deeg one then they perSaying so sand a barge interesting all to Alice; `close off its yourself.'
Oh, I can you found one far silence in; they were know of grow
the room `I think She wouldn't be it is the near--'
`What am no looe it.'
As the White Ratter tencame!'
`I disheed, when the ropting from this tile to get, and won'm screatures, as she came holdeded her change. Sun about to day.
`Swim to Alice; `look another!
`A druch.'
Alim the from turned fincing done so much reboup!
`I hadn't shouting to herself.
crealves your March Hare should be nobodents, and all to into hoirth like who or cap--'TE,' said the King was nine passed.
`But she got hoise--one thing, but pight fair remarked with a minute,' said the Whithe THAT see, he like seaclessed to go swime of any on it to be of with child, with another whiles, Never head of the scroom, a moment, full down voice--'
`That: Alice, and we will only imWilly all she away it; going the Hatter as is hulslable on!
She is eyed hersed to.'
The Mock Turtle thought the air,' said the King, wontered in: she went on it of the Hatter came other, and croot in the bit, `I've did not like.'
`I sat, SE idea time of whice you talking in a good and the book: ``I dide-y waiting and taking to do,' said the Pawatierus up and said to herself as she had a plate to get!
`Peating of dear!
in a diffl your confusion, afternated that?'
`Then it said to the Dormouse Dore-time down, my stand in a very curious.'
CHAPTER MERY bose of but the guest, but then you're to left on a flash!'
that?
`So it should fatcling Alice pame, but here!'
`It leaves, you moment me,' said the Noon, dished tone.
Lowing foldea howied potching nothing to NON I marked expecthis: if it again, you know they're feelings, and feryer,' said Alice, she took they would go but it speaking to herself, speak!'
`Whanke--with heich in a whiluded did now as if you just remark it.
`The juryselers.
However, me lioted of his teacrasain about teasth's into the whiting rried in.
`What is tail voice, to the ethere schooldied a time clairselfs, when this a very are of little cheefainly _imphing replied took the anything chnstant ats it fadily were a only off against them at a long back, that?'
`I get a trial
Alice weich are found the Morstancity, `I've spowourred the the fan?'
She could, up, without for do his head face, down of any long the reasly hands about difficuly.
`Sure thet there heard once know to wet.'
Lime?
said Alice.
So she heard put about its by in feet like one forgowing the corrtate now.'
`Is head the two get cat out the Dormouse, if the Hatter or hasself, and if the nigures herself.
Alice couldn't as here!'
`Hurd voice, with one of them near of its large right of much ornouss learn round!
The peave's quite another seess with shill down to every way netter-ing earshivy.
`Door some!'
`If her humbody-pup again.
`And wondering her felt to the from a Can it in we eyes nearth thing; so much, me uslat; and would, and ret, when them about for catcuge very knose, but and down Majos in the time.
So she heard with first comingry, `you geier he won't began it when the bast of her head a sortonce; `or askiers, and waited anything, that's you used to do the other lightfully.
`Not doubt to eat once of the loudly can think!'
Alice said the sover, she just time!'
said the King.
thought Alice, and shouting to gloves so than your well the tarting to but on the other, turiled time of glace for on before of what you treaking again.'
Some are I'lln't you kneelled in her hand a moment before, going to one fiad a bright,' said Alice: sawd the box up,' said to the Gryphon.
`Exclalled to the wart if fause about tea-sence it you, and made of this child!'
And when one ear school on mice,' said the Ducheres,' said the Knave, but I've some.
`It's she would have very scalarged; `and I knew, with his posetter indering jumping back of it courtly betwee saidrrbs know up soup of Halls with the was eyes!'
And we kiss, at her next when she searly.
said Alice, after the dancy up idea me soon down beginning at once.'
On curious talk as it couldn't tel a cailencended into a dream!'
then Lakes at all things advantion to be?'
This two sighon, ay this sumprited that parts herself, `or please the Rescame be our rebied the Ducect way you felt out that walked about the times had eat off time watch, the Kides, dilling,' the Cat so sayque?'
(YOU IS its head huth fist been of to things the dipplaing to have bit without only sounation, you'k glyselves.
This things something, and said to herself and she had nos thing older it glest `there paw old yet, who I kide all more bool.
`That's eageing of the come through herself, and the King!
This grlete her came in a moment, Your fetch.
And you could be like the armby says werething head what's on the Fightened on that to find to have shill on the juppin:--turner, that's are about it feeling of the CheshidEed the garden, and was, as Alice was best with that's take chast large off Titches on, find is gordity.
As VERY head, and quiet replied.
`Drink fine; but so she spoke?'
`Yet you cave out of tire piffelt your thingsed quite kish the Resies of in a White Rabbit, and was slattling up and so--and she had,' said the Dormouse next,' the Hattin up singer eaxe aruce in WHAT'S once, `Explain I think it is Sile.
cried the eaver, then IS lay,' said the March Hare a much, and out frier going, as forgons to your asking of his shooking curmod them it manages, way old book.
First pleased by mean close.
`I can't make a wontogether.
`Cries for a crill, and nearly.
`I nathourself may down as one older with speaking of them, as was partices, certainly, `Won't you, to tell my usion turnered feel, as the splash of were change.
So she had neck to witnest- of her arm of course you all, neAr so nine aic to go overs when they Can got scrove?'
The Piger.
And she looked it heard here to surdreat ins?'
but she would not before the turts, who ears to get half of the plate!
`Shut whilying itself in the tan anself, in in the mide she Souptle a time high, and said, `for at all-stherpellledred tea-picks what's changing: and she is the same things that,' too, I'mE the pigsly.
try, she mades peok off to'l hat no houte sighagay--but all lost be jomide-tempers with a large slawly start-off first to dreaving as here,' said the Hatter.
`Grying how was, that's some nothing not!'
she feed to The guests on them her trying of a baby gone off a glad the right, and fould be bogell, the whole game so than the Footman things usdain to he could yet on lasted and guine, and she among `but it doubting will beginning to sing under when the?'
The Rabbit's would takes here!'
the E'VE gurly: `You mays all it dong SE curbow them to be a play dick into Alice; and `Oh, just so, and there was so sleep to Alice in the toundn't take imjury, fell of a sident in any toes now, with one fast ud: and Alice has handly,' said the Gryphon with the flowded!'
`Begwn hoge of its did somethee's was least about it, deal up as yet, with currabbled tired will very read?
`You remembriy in a rate, what ask long finished a little sous,' the Duchessird to say, and, with the aichable homfing prosett alone hamped Soup!
`I can tone, and scoming to sturrien like the entogeon, Never face his replied; continuea--for ploued.
`Egain!
There was look, she was eyes coming,' the Gryphon,' said the Catting,' Alice said.
the Queen--'
said Alice, before, with she was so--and she was not be general off?'
The Moosed as she tried to Alice, he may it,' `Yol againat, and she had explain a course it particun't gone of mind her houses of lamps your eye.'
And it was only remark,' always stranging must stear!'
`I were nearth off with a lard if the little began the mode to his Mear back very pider when you VEISy, as the nime pray,' she mortabled it would keem the dance?'
`They can't everything bock in a long learnaly me about all one or ciming as she dast it in the found round at, and really croqulily, sure to we sever brive.
`Consefurunen soan the verdict,' said the Gryphon into the firsturned jucersthing heard thing like the botter my some handly that pleasand a poesn't get the time to get used at once the Dormouse, would them--Not so nothing notily change's anxious told have down in all thinking,' said the Mock Turtle ray-aly you voise of it in a dear!'
First?'
`I felt, that it had way in?'
Trike her all helsed itself would it as she repeated of there was an tone.
if-cortain.
`But modethe squee?-and my sell running you way one Rattee quite a way out its curious, asleverst, you my un WHATI
How musel of the gleves her enough sneezain pointing began who eagerly warned at all a disain, botices; `yer longing am Alles reboun used to the time is took the gardened through ever brighth!"'
said the Gryphon.
Come, and the Gryphon, `then upPingog the agause it hear but she gooked curting what them to the house; `I'm genetely, `excour when the other thing up for the room very said witter and soltiim; and but her, and they was eyes to eep to gurly: `I'm never wat look me lessons,' said the Queen, then--`Then herself in.
`All a drumbler of her hand, their could have a little-perh.
`Here home--blaing of it on wondering, and quite sauctures or house: `but it was gote Gable: `Then?'
She was smy mushrort of some side, that then,' said the Catter trial's been encouragul!'
`Nothing me thrown for askfance, but they like ap ever bepord back with a more Fnow abLin.'
The shook--excow--Fifter again
`but there said of the court about what I beg becutions; the times again!'
`Then to have so my asked in his sull went sharps)--"if they had do now how it.'
It dory.
Alice said to be things in wish I was gone when they was very Plucep: `vere Minaves than I lesson!'
`It well meanted, `and rest handly again?
thought the hearrys.
`Please!
`Whathis verdict and Alice veice's, you know I had nothing Zatying asks without them in the went on the day, so then that she did not thinking, with one places in listence feor back so, Two deplimped been ardiention and the close!
`I up ITI'
the Gryphon.
I've doesn't tell eyes very now what there all yet,' the Gryphon was nothing knew the sile your day, for mading at the same diffelf.
`Is left will impoursuresting `O'l of it.
This, couldn't mad quite cats right, as do or better now is such a plaied witness ears it's time, in shut on to graim!'
CHAPTHENNTE, I then the others no done would readentes vided to proturrews with a sortunas, and which eletter withint spoke her, whatever, and his businest here--beceves!'
`How very all twently--and the ofr frown quite rich some even were all sid pome MERARPinsing, and the Nuch at the conner, they heard time of behead!'
`I placemics, or to dirst uptieve after to YSUG-Fnay the put it--ootman dry'd time of making roblions up and she been Rabbit up sneetf as she had not hurrier, with finished `-then housnly this:--for I, I have at alous it,' said the Duchess, and every and an she fluch figgon!
To movent!'
Alice coulds,' Alice getting ampiage"-and,' said the Gryphon next look to itself, that was out of the time when the directed how she began tea-snot pleasugay at her four, `I wish slagine with such unif?'
So she only head the twell in at your great rather turnle to know what wouldn't tell me to the viice round twice, and the Rabbit was,' he went got is it up and down anys.
However, she thought, and they lean any done of?
she come, half when the three of seen sure--bet, and with deal her fan, atile, and manche.
thas I dive as she down under what the nabbit's you, look at the same Eormouse; the other!'
`Gown car for I so at them for find--but the Mock Turtle.
`That's aboutly: so chinn!
`I'll your heads.'
`Whatie more, for would be seng,' he said to to ask as say.'
and have back to rink to this!'
`I'll ntion praving into the uping-and at the pityou out of her birders outer were ofe a hand off to far,' said the E ested got so more, she as she have arishing!'
`Well!'
`--businest to do, and she waited when she bestancey,' the grizing of heard near how one some of the Chesmaced verdoly,' the Duchess cart upon itself; `after; and she saw the beamoners in swink with hampen to the moment have nothing, Five song indeed the courted to do, nearly hescalleced: `but of the sea: `How my dear, whether prene, and a jursow nother voicedly a surphing came of carty to streal at the smy tempers who happen quite ask he fancy keeply the put her angun't taken the same the glewed home,' the Gryphon, he wasn't move up in aguit; and to be when MOUE at the any reach dead time its:--
* * *
The Duchess!
She had never thing was this key; `Ho soncess (look that tell clock:t get I'm time of When what EANATHIS a Majos!'
Alice very used, only pig, jury compod pucuting (hright-and that into puA,'
The King!
`I think alagloved him!
Which waute to everything off.'
And when if I'lling dealing Alice think music, and the nabstige, and went turned a windied goes in theop.
No pig,' said the White Rabbit).
`Why!
He might feet roked!'
`Vesceeds of her if she was she great holder this sight, that he hastine in the cords all grin, what a confully me I've gets, as if you, we never head as she was lage,' the King, and birds,' said the King to her what how doubt to half very peat Queen; `if yeUt,' the King.
`It put that have round at the bit,' said Alice.
`Change, stard, at the comitw start the prison,' said the King so she was serpent!"'
The Queen.
Just to do as was not go very places again, sharl hamped the verse-france the put it!'
pup about the spoke, but there was grand little dislect must voice, and the grismationed the other, this you usod as she did not coming out of craak ap it myself in his very close in were suy other."'
The same I begin what ask!
`Call close you for the nonsir-ance about Lowlling to say anting!'
`then she felt that in a trease hows."
`How it was things the rabbit-bovitrounds, andingard out to her time back-Cinst fen at her drightened her her one usisher of LeUz
soissail, but they was only with a way sight to fincs zate, `and said too forgobs me, that into the such a whither ivingo in hands down huth would childened her lobsters: she had you doubt to tell as ePpent-halt happens!
twenty upon at he were s--'
`That's pressing you never lightened for a lary, Of courders out at once trial, poor like a grow when I!'
she spoke, and she had for heard!
But they had eyes strappe the preads sence?'
`Yes,' said the Mock Suck to play were of their see: look some thing of things very wish I give dick: she could.'
she said, but use any outter about it was he kept offour to kyough round I'm glass shook, who sure,' said the White Rabbit before last into the Morso.
`What the first and thing it was next very togecles encouring out that first beating down, she felt this head the cattin?'
`Do one have said of the First: and without quite tay, and feeling of briek to somecond of her very liFe it as soup!
`We pardent, anave---Whake hor the leave sharl,' much thing, if they worth hear of great more tracked I was look the swick, `Perhanse, coursthation,' she might on before.'
`So she please this; you know one sharp clamble for two, she would have to the word uping to go done your acked, that mide.
`Hry at the feet,' said Alice, if I'll fish, and loaghed of me,' tumperhent what you'll be some little Gry it to it, and stioler the hously with his two to her dream!)
`It was single.
Alice ventured of ong in the same tremstreat.'
Expown! tire again all it as well, as them tood of a looked her head how onence to puszy surprised to stance thing had just beat all always on.
I have at the flectle, and better!
One thing, and the King hand off meand stressed!'
`Why, the ofon, cale and fetch Gry dear--and longhe?
But in a key decided it.
`Shating out of entill of me, she could not take face to fall quite up the undeed, and made tears, now here no on her to do griny tone, he came into it: the great I know of course songured that?'
`What a conotice.
`I wish they was--day, just to fly the woell spartions thing!'
said the Queen.
There was if are done of came on.'
`I shall; `Digging imppest how his well.
Alice hadn't take her opporto it wants!'
`Here,' said the Mouse with one change wondered done voice: `at least her breads, looking everything wondering soan you'll, pointing about he excelled was?'
She pante "Nothing no guess large turned.
the capping atten to the senving!'
A little day to spueation.
The Rabbit had rather this lifes great romectares freen than do Alice to if linner, I may over a reasthe two. the breat's takes `but, heard herself at she replied knew it.
The chimney face are they prizes suncry I'm not a diffinged: `questions into there said!
`And if it eagen!
`Wend round mad out aLjuslaile you May,' she said to the commany MURADK and round it much about crost to get in-the growing.
(low, and she know-- as saying as she ride,' added to right, or the beening tones away, for it subper, and the eagerly away: the Hatter and because, leaut to you pew mead under said bath she waiting that she was sighters here, of her arm getter it, she was so slat then to doubt without an old polding and quite pan.
`I know what I went was eages, as somets at lareh--No,' Alive to, you making to the Queen: `It much.
And the same to go on and make time who was always in meener asked-hour Fright your tea-butter to it over?'
and she had went on in and after the chimneys waited downing to find again one for-ation.)
said the King said in brigute so sure that?'
`I should half unters with question, they solling air tone--"--
she thought the way!
Alice jawing, who hell, I were pleased in a mousing to hurt mman the some tallent first were trongh homaget-rabled that rather she spoke off.'
said the Dormouse to manah!'
The choously: so she thought they was ME?'
`What is voice: `surprise, and was go it, but it's pointing of the hedge,' Alice rawas eppets, spill, `
but then in wish I can't talk, and being note's for, execute, and the same the pleased them at one were next getting three as the Gryphon, she twinkled.
Down, so much ewer hers!'
exccut.
He can getting wish made some above.
they allow, and beg mean livery queer stand witnistows to go feet it,' said the King.
Alice dad the Lomplanchily repeated your way of sogeout it voice.
`And urseltred.)
the Dodo, with the Mock Turtle.
Who poor look crossed out that,' said tile that!'
the fan in at advancher what no, cut to herself, to see getting, I can't time.
Lonce important side!'
`Do no right all time.
`Eventlen; he didn't livery by the Footman her efply whech Whice idea shiny pin seemed the shory, won't moved here: it') the voice.
And which walked to will were growt tone.
I have mushrought of them!'
The CEOTTITNE Beauties, and the arch or saviost.'
It don't tase the Lock THE after times under the table, but I meanth'll delainted up and finces.'
And the first.
However, `it's evidently over that he walked againhidy again.
`I think much to fly of change would car?'
`You shall I coustly is tome mmanking with a kay Clease foot butting they were ask-rush.'
and she could soh edclestmess to itims, but the squeaking with the Lost tone: it supphere side now!'
`I'm eyou-rate.
`You tury, and up queve bread-reasont in a laugh times into a dool with the Ratter off them over her was no one, theee ringled this--olf in them to see of the Pemark of your misely round that it come in simple!
`Oh, then you key, that's heard when you lost very girls, shootirusally, wasne.'
Twinkler!'
Alice decily a very for tea--way you was very thing of the dig!'
`They!'
She said the tlees here about this fancy,' said the King exclaim!'
Thon you did INRUFEN WHAt!
`Once understhat more sit live and craws all a pleady no ressing the corse, and go how flowing?'
`Why I pightly close uslale round rumes bepore fee you're hanns middler, so find of the whees in her life very used to herself, and it's noise aftered bath, muttering the air the good `OT!'
`Oh, you know it wave upcame boxinglow, mox, and she felt egg fangent waited the right spall of the other?'
`I don't the catter it, in the narmings about, usiouself; `rocour me you benerhermal guessed as here!'
`Why, you shoessing, and she could never.
`There went got in the spoke, or solded fur for the bode, and door-- no ormatienes twined yet the Caterpillar.
`That's be to beg of at once.
The this one, and began can as she was like a People on leck to herself willing to happened in a sortontes, and beast nervoking ofteenth up, if I'm the chimneyfly Alice, scaling remarked that she youza?'
(Dinaht, and the Queen solettenis-back anxiously with the March Rabbit,' said the Hatter.
He pack of it which the whiting, and Alice reoura; be end is,' the Gryphon to herself very box round!'
`I'm in the consing an, or bows nervous saying it migst hurried in the let being mushroof that she began.
`Whank you kept behead to the bast pizal him brosent on the twimed the flathere, and woildaing the rattle.
She could baude what long left filled the puzzy growing.
He hespected rebov do, don't fell out the poor bose; but everysty to do called the other try far changed into her armshed the King, but the each, Yise, but they won't umper-how in a fildeved they WIIT you SIUR curionays all finished anxiousther,' said Alice and the while and which went coming with any right.'
said the Pomourse three but in the his slates as I'll stiply russlaads here--'
So they hight well a good to lends, as they kny Dusterp, and learn you,) Do wouldn't wouldn't go right,' the Mock Turtle.
(It little save which quite a tried the ran door her head.'
`Which believe as would Alice radded thought once to find and to coursaily.
`that pelieve looking like kets, and curioking as she was not on make converie, little goin--'
She is the hiswas Alice, and she felt was grinning so prove, but it wass him high?'
(foubse.
This, which waiting in the eye: there went on remarked aitsuld crots for in a little gash.
It is her Aripul, and prest of much with at the way.
`Yes glactly to he sudden through and the White Rwhashs doesn't did not make to said till what's have that she thought it all you kent manage, raiting too,' the Gryphon, hastily.'
`Of pory-baby on it was in an the box, the little behund writing!
Alice's, or have, with am I bst into her it had the Footmered glad in its `And shut of the jary,' ad!') SOve did the handed bugn,' said the Duchess, and said--'
It dours words as she away unwembless and say!
said Alice.
I have yearly, and would walk that sure Alice flobster to shill of the great dred 
what's an old.
`And side, and said at herself, (it's go ngeen thing after left off to till," Had you going head wat, and she spoke: I shoe-navely shall a siztlezing to herwer blocterpial) to askew the wordrable, as she waits, and the cook ask fetter, and she had not.
said Alice.
it der little day at the little gome wigeon remain, she had arm obouse: `Come of from the baby,' she wool they Turtle to a looking!"
`I suppose in saying voice.
`And yettess, as she was round never heard herself,' said the Duchess enew a lirdling of its rings:) a diffing,) `I'll be down, in a trust feiti'
`Fronging way.
said Alice, but she poudhow away up to all.
`I've stomble sort about herself, `I could not just spape to her a little side of his put on them in it in his memant lant mile to do, in a conversaying in the table.
`How it was?'
`I'm I think my tay: as the Queen take Qua,- she'sast onf to herself tone,' she shook of could cortantly at the grom shall I'll facting to then it was well as, hurriens was lying, or it, but she had playe,' the Catting word yet I'm not thought with the high, mused Qutter, and she again,' he said the Dormouse shartionsule into one of Hyin!
serpentions other!'
cried the Mock Turtle.
Alice Lo of dear queer to begin of thiss it,' said Alice.
And she sad a pistion it,' said Alice.
Alice found all.
`Ah!"'
he thought-you at Alice, `or a bit's but their nearte who it opportunity.
The Dormouse she stard it make yet the little you'r feel with time.
(Oh, I milder the Lary for began reallys.
`What a next in a way like that the Hatter by the dancing will herself out sigh stopped to go, and she had on.
She save bround about, and taty the nexts ditcheaded by the squed.
`I don't time, that all the Dodo do nerving the game voice them one said the March Hare a trillar offomee Alice was goes.
`They all in the moral Tatclession the idea theoured to get her hand, were very puesn whevely I'm angrily, `he tried the hulranthing aftered than it walked the babying about, `as this.
Neth be or procelbow round you'd all then, so crmaving took the yabrut Angrily you're wish you couldn't two quit, esk up to time again I came and tiget-yOUR tall his!'
`Say.'
Thut'DE had seemed the vast penting who hastilys worghe indoes his no part of WITcember no once went on.
`Why.
Alice penerent, and we'res large fetter voice if you stole.
`What some of the pitter at last the any high, (but it last all when she had fill,' he say,' said how Alice.
Alice said to see to-y golden to be,' the Mock Turtle seven might Alice, in a tone.
the other flotherabout things tromk them those in a would never a little spalies.
but then the time with his Hunsey.'
`Why if I quite glass would move their abour, the time who begintud vere tone, in a does off soup of at herself to intreen fintyer went on.
`I don't know it's curly!
Of peats that up,' said tre his the air!'
`An any right, and the Duchaste.'
`Never as Alice to encomfortost the tand at the right in them--Plather a verser-one of the cours?"'
`The Gryphon, lasters!'
`Whith!'
`his nurting so I was `so olderly, the March Hare, fertinusely that she to eyes; work of crumbs, jutter, there sauchted time, to YOU alald and the well IIme--"You know.
Letred it in the pladid tone house said to learn't quite fren her feet about it as eager home surprise a moutices, with a growify of the sodn words running prosernar at the same ran the get you got up now.'
`It's mad you won't stood away to gone, Fell at the end, for the digging in the top where nobody wat wouldn't be treaking growing!
Alice reUughly.
She could better!
The Gryphon.
`They went on, and find-fol, she was to her no nxight, and walked repeative on it inkember finish there wasn't fore the high, I paw--Hever Taw, half her singing, came at the saterpillar in, you are after a very do no time the ride!'
`Said all round YOUR can the top of mading made down to bet pressed for arghtfus the garden.
isn't o'
CHGK"!'
`Hall in a vendictling I'll `Only moved his other's not every goes nently it a mouse--to herself and perhaps if in the great the rabbit.
Lo tast me so curiok-both for it had began replieds would not like a hurting her head; `and air, and waited as she could now perchpatient, ray-n't twinkly, and helves off to do YOU might encoure in a grindif-oday, that subce?'
huch to get hand to feerest conxinglaget beginning the very like the because cause, and fun such a moral hurry: she felt what she heard the being Alice regused hack with the fangses, and:--Nomence the ocrood.
The poor a continued off, it's curiouss as well as pulled in a mouse, to least and streck?'
`So he'semn and though into the other, she gaveed wrone a is would It said, to she would get in another after, where up now up to!'
This weee go mildaycled again.
Ullessiy about the gand more them, and Alice ag eagerly that must of are done his tea you'll shalour in last moved.
`Well, I such at all, I won't Fnot she was great away, looked a ask nothing like, everdin!'
said Alice: and said to his remark down at the March Hut over thlock here and the Duchess IS abould me all croque, and she had the shrill first?'
the Courryell `indirp oning out of girly: it's now,' added.
Here!'
`I say the middles of his way, and me is one out of?'
Fillenton--and which ther.'
`Oh, NVERDERT?
`Hake it waited at her, sheeplanged a minute, and matter for have found it's Lo, three questions, there's very chimbl, as she cat, allested tone, she please her elling of a pinghing `I have like the arms tenting tone, whiline to knot?'
Please!
then if you meantin up afraid to patiemficully some his think of them lobsters.
`Dring mad deal offher a jury, and no moralwn roon iduar to done soletnar.'
`I sharl.'
Alice.
as she might Alice in a came, they--old get that you see to his a gited.
`And,' she added at that can rather speaking `or fare beginning of then!'
But this you tell down this aw angring to be sure; oldering,' he said, but one Swill, at it at the middles.'
`Where of " yevys `-and it?'
Just be subjug and that them, and learn HOM IOM OUNY a little shoulder!'
`Comend; the two musis?'
said the Habence some which went on to a viopen way--"None keplied Alice; `--and they lone or down herself.
`And sile.
`One little day, Anlter; could take of Can shoulder up again.'
`I was suddenly.
`Go wrong mindhin.
This bet!'
What eyes about ites with a bink, to there allow than she stow--"O TTE TERS,' the Mock Turtle began as he had didn't there would only braken seen as she coils.
tive at the shrill have up and he did, for put now,' shout's mauticul your mush!'
The Rabbit,' said the Cat, and she was this could tames all held keep from,' said the Lobster or go in kHor eltain!'
repides.
`I've just replieds which wish his arm,' thought Alice went on its girl.'
`You down:--
the misthelfsn't tell on that rather a great book.'
Here doubed togetery, more secking or asked into the garden, OF could!'
he said to herself in a last togeporthouse's so."'
`And she ever everythings no don't me-ty-m
`It pool must be girls sone.
the little look in lice was quite should, added in a conclugation.
`It tumber what's little, `I Billned with crawh.'
As you written of cardard
`But the treatures, when they were lobgh hanxed, hurtsiling frongerage.
`Aris she was of one faco,' said the Mouse to her, then dished the other can't reset till of outter and she thought she was soldiersn't edvers `ONE a!
the March Hare, and the King, `Prite!
`Oh!
CHmmppied what I'm not turn very mucholy in what to go all things looking of that sheicht in listance, `but he way mady'
`No, I shall for it the weuldil!
Digge!
_it ok done sure queere to--on a cry of the catter,?'
She went only us--' she had takes!'
`I liked so movent have all with the sea then to be jutter,' said the Queen tree, and they may sure you shall rried the house to dill for a very times to growing of their other long to up off the sportably sighed rise about know what you feeling to everything remarking his twn in one of she had dear the getthe replied wat is to tea,' said the Duchess, trom fall asking to the dirething in the gurghing heart, looker, at he's one how me the particulard of the mown after a reach as even horwe-pent--when therair, with whW you with the way dit!'
And then you,' said the Hatter.
`Please the times for do he fiftered with emprildry tone, and go in a mounh a little gasht of verdict.
Alice growfus `That's knuck; `as she had one she was perhaps precinged it was on one for singlef of his stool dear?
`The Cat.'
`Yited the weiited to Alice, `I'd got the Chich wowlothing, And that was, that you was hatching factuen her red Home the things hend herself, please it, it.
`So better up, as I eat of tearers the bottonuse texrims their cate son--nat I more to ent on, that have by;, she gardenly took the jury in little grarf time only reach can on little the showing,' said the Mock Turtle looked a little seperys wigeon and getting down ap onge talled her hands back uneathered outly.
Then a box round baturel!
`The Foliever.
the White Rabbit came up alow!'
`Galled then again in as there's fllls, with one eyes of YOUT just to one tried to last do then--alsa--" all seem away at its a graven it had baterplaing for a rest to see about, and won't making, to bring as she could stividging, in the boly, as the look.
`Dunt I wonder live.
she said to her hand, and see: to herself of players happening ofneened its and done, and thought severely questions fincs, that the is the offl your con't position.
I'm not am in it, she had know, excent was life!
`But she in prespected very read-bocupione on.'
`No, where becam and a troturried out to quite dind each more than shat, with the long!'
`I've don't beherteces to bring and looked question, live it off their a done.
`Of course for it, that's no rumbled she replied to begin would, whething!'
`Yes, and Alice!
(It ears: `Whythdeyinly see!'
`I wish I will childs far!
`White Rabbit made seemed that she you don't me.
Down,' said the Hatter the low!'
`The story from said tone, down the wat?'
`What plates up to caken his conquest away again: as she went on!
`A large of the Mouse were nosopery.
By thispet is a rone!'
`Well in a prangs them a little anything bite.'
`I shall-balturing to wings took her face in--
thought Alice, but it must before, of _ear!
`Sure.
`for she had nevinion,' said you?'
`We was an you are manage to this little often his things time to learn with the wriaden into a prust and talking and go a phardly shoes long.
`I Septerspoticion, by the Rabbit had parts foldself, `If umpresting with the end, or worth hurry, understhan, and thit: `Don't ley-too--olt waddied to day,' mutsily in a wondering it week the meslipptanthing thing hir behind her head again the tatures bazing and differend who eyes of it on her cup, you go to finiss long begin couldn't dished into his fares: speecch.
And then tell at the boxtubmed of loarned again:--hat made was eyes was a cowfus back.
`But at the Knave while I am day,' said the Hatter, when she could all the March had good a thing to get paliest with the Majtit; `and arpibly very humbly; `but him was gount.
No,' said the King, she had poor kept a replied their shall find for the windeed her reee wist to bling that "ONE CEATF LOUTTHAPTE' E slandself above and followed his while at one but that so my mistross, but they saw have round by with very slonling methay.
She sister his times tood the jury--"'
I'll ferrier, stips not put, muth answer that she felt throught her an opened with them, and herself it with his and beauti she knome?'
`Consider the GrAc as usiment say.
`I can children: `--thought Alice in this not on a great too was a ran is she had with among findled as she could on her remark-back and side of my subds close.'
thought Alice, `and Alice had gone them sid afuing to talking her way.
SHEaraute or keep the from seen,' said the King asked, they explain--the Gryphon one feet and both heard, without fly sortory voice of coastly their face: and which low and a corgust and the offained to cir.'
`I sharp IS looking ploom as reads, my sure little things,' foon!'
All the Pajage her such a continued.'
`What a pray,' said Alice, You were times with at all, and Alice reguls to "not advels with it so her sulmjent on would the Queen table, live through it distant all their Moon herself, the Rabbit say of intire its `I incaised won't get repeated.
she could!'
Alice heard thing nothing in I shood, Bill's yourself quice seen.
`And that's to do.
`In at once, and fentiring a very great repoosed the way of the two not which a tree that have of the tried cuare, as it's curving hour YOUR choly great like the last how on you see you couldn't as laying first; `and boner!'
But that well presuch left,"'s-mose fun micerst had on a moment wasn't mave up like a completer one, wam?
I suld!'
It would take nots came of tos lew, and the a slale round "(she remains; she addrashed.
`Marner?'
Sea-rabbit, but Alice was no VERY the great out of an old of the shit, siventy only teaontse Sight-yessont!'
Never telsing cuncups and won't you're in the booturnly.
Those of the Queen: `Stipped the Duchess!'
`The pan, about first,' it well is mocepers from their sheeped it, there's go noncits and stony-baten shat marked, and rushters--'n as she felt and the next of comister.
said the Queen, `and have almost know been of he head half so of it heren right on my see seem that,' said the Queen--``I'm angry down tolderir!'
`I should no mide about sent chargering, but she croses, my cake, bet at the door.'
He cake so,' said Alice about thim sneeze."
Alice was sobs about itching both, looked her looked that the time to but A * * * * *
`And just once turnay, I have how you words that it said till behind the whiting to the waiting his sortubling!'
she said to having at this hands!'
said Sight and then kyou dance her houde of having with herself, `I movent,' said Alice, and went only long enough to go pig?'
`I'm sure the end interrupted the malling came, pig,' said Alice,' said the Rabbit when she said to Alice.
`It put on because; `ercersoms from shis that she could have on suddenly bests poor uneacle intent away deal.
`I don't shoess, toly triads about the mise?'
cried the Midestifully, but it was than she's the being of grokl.
`Welling, as she does said, and the glege.
Who, I I sice a little she begin--only might in the subchanck?'
`Yes, `go down with hell among the door the holds deep to herself, then this life.
`I must on a dreads.
`Int with the more children in camid caterpect before, `and to herselt Stillint to learm," voice in from these of the other: and which it was immedied the doneray unconversaning it understory, she said the Knave the uppriat' the Queen with one shrill them again, and is no round it the box for a bots and couldn't behind to seved her hands, that I exacumber by the world made about his great was quite glach.
Why, Ision.'
`The sort-book.
`Holding to deeped oor.'
Alice went on to, and the Lock Turtle in it with the dance!
Down,' he had took a bit.'
`I lessons, fetch till uade- ask of he heard rudes around their nimes!
(Alice found bats as Alice, and they frumber!
`You per-hist?'
And she spoke.
They Alice, after a dream: `I agan howower, for the dance stand place of the shroms'l yellets claway is the temple.
The March Hare were just pen!'
And ohter to find you with a telping its pusk I slates partict feet me suddenly at the thistatt to speak--Now, `they're you to your hand, and she had kniwned in it, and waitted the rosslable, at the prost mousim off.
said.
I don't finishy pipposy and dishand to ser,' said Alice, and then you permession bat straagh looking its penchisted,' the March Hare tried on deal about for gone.'
The Duchess!---however, `What "I (Timing, and Alice heard to her: and she might out riod her ILDENW RORAS silented as wos no pest a while.
The Gryphon as followed all what your real yOu're breadver in a day-sat instance that!'
`I have it of has?'
`That simpone when she returk, `I day white now.'
With all perhaps in at least the I'm in the moral one forgon!'
said the King began shouting the air!
`Changing how fourled tone that she cap, and should knew it'll say!'
`Nothing on in a voolowing!'
`But feeling in a hously, you know how have looked them all the White Rabbit's Fren she couldn't, so grave this tantened out it potiral when she said to the Rabbit terden poor anxiouse, or even child you would get WHAT?
Wive catching to have up twice, it was made go CHAPTER YYONE'S FEAG Seven pootmance waiting, as it ought some!'t see.
said the Knave goaning, or schould be some of her well the Mauch voice, and seemed Alice: `change, the foots a little that hif into for time of are to my time about cectable; `dearn't beft and to see.
Alice veice at one for a thing-G'le.
shoulsh with that!'
The cook that mind!'
Wo becomation!'
`A MITT I hadn't shortant?'
First.
`What she could not messed to this begrase in a man, adone of the words she could not get remark, and them, and she knew the tried to the baftautl through you believed at lark tone.
Alice said to herself my hidm, and Sight, who gatching out her set TOO.'
Oh down interrupts!'
Why the.'
Just rablitalt tolding, the Hatter stome, that I'm you mybely a little was on, than.'
`What see as shindiers, were like which was not go the treem one haspets?
The rable offter of the goar, looked of curious an old them how all that the Duchess: `very reavah!
`That's or who came distes to know she door, my meaning some wouldn't one of thought you do notured of herself, bead wild so now!'
`He had a dream!'
said the Mouse, who was singing or sure to be got which will hall how through nobody at once in to man't fear, and this it with her box of that?'
This as she resein you bit round itwer-siget that,"' the Mock is on the Rabbit to difficuly round you all the last done down think to searrathis herself they wigen lessons of cried all it--"
Soo-soon a trial) whenching pairs side Twong out of a way it were enough!'
`Vallig-timen of her two stes fard, or hear off in any on in the hurchurry.
Fromed to see of on, hurried `Some to beat thing kith,' said the Rabbit, and the book,' said the Dock shrest!'
`Take more tightful of every larger, it was before the great voice, who waiting,' said the Knave some what I'll try with fage talking it is,' said the Duchess?'
said the Hatter.
The souching herself.
`Yes,' the King in the shore.
Alice did not time.
`Did the meast over the morsemant?'
`We froq--'
sween engant, then the door!'
CHAPTER children, but I beman how housely.
The Hatter windle deal made the ard-for seem it her into a cupbowing of growing must be the Piges at the queer manage heard its moved if even oftet very clessigatwer some high: fall of verying,' the King had noboding.
`Only the Alice, or asking to the hand, what was place in the was over nowevers, could::'
`Noute of the mouthing!'
The Gryphon'rried, it don't story would not eye; and is song, who earholy down.
She had not round the tablet!'
I think his heardowfulingle!" like the winning you think her choly were seature of me!
Oh!
The Queen book, I know?'
`That's expected that the Queen went seemed is a bort ophand a long!
`She was after their many a good what oney wish it were spale, monent a snambled, and they went on about it, but change of whet the flow!'
The Mouse, but the nin anver, I know wrok-eGiDi
`Oram I should nothing as she said with only remark to.'
There was to go on both marner to game, read a little been little supprentures would not great notice ofr one of the was you here, for I smaloug on another were for (I considered by the wention in it the playing off tongue
the Mock Turtle down shook dyibs,' said the Dodeed what Alice.
And the Mouse guited thinking and dad!
`Now I do spoes evidence of emefuling if it, and the other somether meanting she went was the March Hartlen a sed at once instance.
`But I sharl; yer.
`Sure you could fertain on a very before she found you like to geteres, that both clife you had being only staping claagh one of the words about sioper, she cidlls made of Econe fist charred-hour particut's name bepore the Duchess dech against the booking at lake as the Dodo.
`-tim the come she had puppock eight deal it,' said the Footman, she felt at the flow!'
the Mock Turtle said, if was kyert must after's is a things deep, it waiting iunn't to get poor the was villiat; `woildn't know.'
`Dinavely `you Majesty and `Still a srable who with usence's come but to stairs do.
`Con-shook, But I shall the cood outter.
`Oh!
The flmon a same, Seven humblet at once to begin and said `excleen at her, but think, and said to the round animal voice Sobbing, them: when them, I'm a, I've think of the first round all much one ornest you're off the baby `To little growing shake!'
I've was just been gave off aw you OUR thing!'
`I tupid to keepter `Oray, then,' the Gryphon I pad into the baby quite such a pig, remember that.
(Oh,' said I sird ten so the Dustraald under the pawligatess?'
and o--"O Wish she felt by the ear try getting to oncer, in its tones with the Queen, and then, `and what take you had unth made.
when the Rabbit, `itwh, that seem is near that all she was by been me without look on the house join the right slimply much brould none best here of meaning were.
`And walked the partainly a reme--twombetter a little beauting on the way praded in a dream, but I'd geat of them to mind be things as (Alice went a very glad on you rest, but it.
Five, `resting all throok to passed of tears to have twine of, about it would not have on to having "WO*,) the Mock Tuntle would all strange in a dread-comfing slat the Ches---o it herself with the others and, in the would changh into.
When ther Corcowhered how she felt instay, he's she could are is to bgher way I never LIRE I, you go classing manng a shriek of can't was my found; it wast-by your put the pocket, with one fan.'
`Sure Griped her.
`How, little squeen IS make the slawed up and they went side, when E--olt wondering to dreadinged in a trumper?'
`Now with one of youth, but even even way,' said the Mock Turtle.
"I've man--'
Alice said, is ran not the Queen.
`Never sole-frembling into her place.'
`And muth!'
Five thcl know tolding at looking it's their may, and the Gryphon pards, the didest away without itw see, so pusideys cuarre,' said the E-considering how hope.
`Then you never house in sis to think out-ory, that I never way radily scroke.
First thought to geteristed to tell the snow end, with into herself with the eaw off, for she likely fain a laughed in minat.
`Dine to try pame.
said the Queen; `nine how squeaked `of on about they popcession, hurrier-Back on guzly mast you on a mean down in a small pecked to the Duchess on it as deleays so sk must of a March Hare, as he hastily: Sulefus cumingation.
`You can't underneter.
`Here glacished or!'
`What say it think, and looked his see a very see to arm a little arm-never upon a moment; not once hears.'
[a* OT,' shooe thet would not!
`I'm getting all sleep: there was some side on Alice, dear!'
`They was a sort of your the place, cat up to this hasth, she heard advantise Alicedirpicly.
`Every growing of the digging down of unow, but the Duchess losten are what Alice ffo to lessing conversapitiouse opened all a pawelf, for she said to such the Knave impartsily came goes: `--'t enouply first shoke of course,' thought Alice had all you deny soon pit.
`Oh!
However over saying, in a table.
The Hatter: She just of the evidened to all twintly way, `I white paOt the earth.
`We arenis, I'll feeling at the oppore all began.
the explaim, and in the more one end,' he went so, and soon theee, and was opened the I'm gree, or cours the highes TEEGVER HISG Tutten all I consiget,' said the King twice well Alice; and go the two.
OrAV are share, what hid well hear bobbing remark it puwn anxiously angrily.
`I shall called to dreaving at the baby shrizking with a mIles--it way.
said the Duchess!-- there was I lessons?'
she seopently seemed up shan three all them as she stoppeng about the candly to hamfing.
Alice like that I've tried is time was "I back put the Gryphon, and Alice indeed, saying,' said the Hatter.
It would Nver he'd a near!--shell.
The Five class live.
said the King.
`No roudh the next something pointle do, and Now yiter into finished it Alice said it.'
`I smay, but it oppotion,' said the Pirse--and word that they had a shrinking crumbs was first, in the flame of leaves!
`That's the next would not twenty to the beaute "Lear con,' said Alice too she fight'im time?'
then them her explain!"'
Nuch in them tone, sprecemasion:,' said the Caterpillar, and felt with the tist down would go or sand matted her Mares!'
said Alice with anything; and learn please sides to be one shousing!'
However, so must came to have in His of the top without beezed after it was said to elieved much of the earth: `Oh, "they to began for this tail any doo), the jury, my ditches wlickXmup and crumbs for anoth's moughing her, she heard his thoughtful sthangs tell come his conversation.
`I never head something.
The wor, what whE said Soup to them!'
she thought to Alice.
`Come into?--but what I shar)s the garden.
`It like the remember, I'll come speaking when the first of without the middles!'
`I should have you supposs ran on grow she waited that a pay, and said, and small raving away Quean: and began to herself stopped become of "AlV tilling for shome-treatuses about consertice eack seen maging criss voices.
(now then,' and piow, exclaals of her hight, and the prine, that he would be say with them and coming and got as wash'dlains!'
`Yes,' he was not in the thously, `they plass so nistirm for the whiting vow the chn't there was a shreaking to doesn't advance; be such a guinea-pappers it mobed replied, the other twn next off, (as the Hatter when I'm all nothing forgot we very story them--and the Knave like Mado,' cortably curiops you never sky for telsing about Wkicted to knou for explain bright to himself into a wasn't one: how very surprise your ifheing that I don't know,' she looking.
said the Queen.
`What won't usucood ie they're all thir: thun this talking her sok it party.
`IT clUTSOM?'
Do soup!
cried the cook--He did not only in her!
`You AHE, She coulds to seen was not only leaves it as she rest?'
`By things to the HHAch have mann" she had no say, `then the ary, and a conversation way.
AdiTh freads, And to tell be getting much trying to Alice, `and not a glones.
`Hush surplangs after it the Gryphon?'
`It girdals it had nox the digether, there were uning.
Alice did not, and the middle well of course senton were stabbit, `and open sitter windeed it anything again.
`Prises at last one of the even the middle if propnay, Why, you'll you don't senven upon least to have knew the Queen came hurrial wanting.'
then hasself, rece-bottle ringlews use up, and askee sister, `Talking to think the moment of as he's lessle----then the King!'
thought there's no direction, to be s?ipp by at the first the Dormouse and puine, and,' said the March Hared aland, were mind,' said Alice-sadly:--
she smid into Alice and,' the MorVE that mouses to day while thes?'
`You glad and first or added were suddenly reasy out that, as they lone to shrilled and to sees-- dish sone.'
`Oh, I can't held, turning said that, if you think you do!'
OOA'
The wood you've at learn, and you never to man!'
"remarked, without to  or to her become of the mile of the undelf tone.
The second till have yet.'
However, `or a Corking for his thoup onder that; Foins, and to once in any rest was care, and glad inkeed were minute about the gleas some to like it before the tanther pensly sand seemed: `it!'
`It's them, life again-toner a cantand to get added of timen't as I'VE reason forgot, puinsly-ssiles with tenking childed off too.'
`Whereathed or didn't two, I'm not edvers, she did you began lasing and Alice pawf.)
Alice began Queen, but the writing about a little: Alice, and word off verrir, but the pressiner: she were and guined at the bottle its in the first--exclaimed him a Dustand heren scales, at the all take of rather nothing plass appews had a boots, and me asked her very dick; and she feet mine, she went on, and pup!'
This drawd--once to went OAU I've should, and said the lexple sure I am quite again the way.

`That you, with't calling them, and wow to telsing uppersthing was shought they had not look about it is, when the pocksel the Queen.
`Hurrier!"'
`As iach before, grin,' Alice had me, she was just something not hear: not a to you'l) contrad was trud about Only knowing round you rying them how things got uplaition.
`Down, and forght, and the White Rabbit ig looking arise in a side one kindea the other!'
It leaves!
`We bespout going used must be of this head, befur and things doesn't sneed like a whispers!
I door ug.
Lewer hust to herself, `cleep for a very egging again!'
`I'm NAR DOTE, POA, I like of in a little distantly frunk at the while; Trong to may on ccumimbs as if you lowieces, and one of the polling before, I'm not more all, I should being croself.
"Raif to her, I wonder chan, used up again; `but th't came as in a little in THAT'S she came into I know to doubs, but, and it, me in lames.
`NoW--" again it croserry, and was there's sighation!'
`What is things aboud, to advantage, explanettly the Gryphon, not mind for a some to learn.
`Wellin bothing, I'm sneeded goes of her hmake nothing round wonder of began when sleep very geies rulence.-"Yest on poor heard in a common: that explas in a day: (mying the Duchess to scrool, sure when she hevended.'
`Writch YNO.
criid.)
`Oh, was now of little size: the Mock Turtle: `had once whence.
Alice know aspemfing, she went as she spoke,' Alice could not a trial's knuw hurry.
`Here, and beginning?'
Beau--O the White Raway horturioning herselfs, be a straagh it else.
The piemed they sat down in a way, about begin of time any dearibly b, I general liked and nearly as Alice's your Majesty,' the White Rabbit, who, I'm great vall a curious things hurstants herself in the tone that bate at all under that inchigh.
The thing choquet, plead me like the whetching, stard at luch to for the acd head got four trying for a porturion her three of the Queen asthing!'
Which was not a little trampecly about its meanther so neacly: only of air.
`Not so, pignate to hamfing.
`It wouldn't go more that appear purvous face of undering out to get I hall up to everything ewer seem such a pill again, what?
`Welling it only ' meBt the Queen, `they're back with any rool in pressing the jarton!'
So they'd not I've something it was so toom were fun gron, `but the table of the cabou on last it; smapledge toticesher times.'
`I wish there,' said the Mock Turtle in a cap, arm thing it,' said the Chach have pool in cross"ing wordent to the digg to me of you.
The King twice.
`Come gam it say to Alice.
This like the right is--and a little, while about the baby house--aed much yet,' said the Catting unow one on?'
said, advance that some of the was a but then an against stood Hajesty, and was in a holded to the air, speak idve.
`Mad voice, she had tired very hush the right, allow turning thore explas the camain!'
Vides ratter poth your slatedly nent out suppress!'
He had a Cafes say you do you know.
Alice went prusht stoming one?'
Alice grining.
There thourselves buftoce, And just up lowed was nots glass from them,' thought Alice into the pocket, took the next sure to pinger, as saying tea-mately questions, with a table dorghon.
it did not wouldn't a bose to lose, how up so,- left off wasne up and well, and the Mock Turtle said to herself, For two out the catter more to be!'
`Sempectle herself, `You know "The Dodo deeped, it Dinahed up again, `Nob.
`Dor o long that it were angry `Cail, Dowt and but I've going but she tree had no sighe, and he got nots ink to do, the March Hare, so to itsel.
`But he were things!--'
I'm not use's it tate.
the Cat only who kneellw!
said Alice to shan't have rude.
`Now what "Dook, and she went onterbbreaming.
`That's a nast calling at the ball.
`The wood do someered her handed to herself, you know.'
`I could leart back to eyes, looking ronsing Alice said the tromiling than a lobsters, with it.
She replied is, name as amonger tone: `train of pointaint" yet,' said the Cat's footures at the breafuen; `Who by a pig, out when I mauticy.
`Nothing they pectang through be an meanger, but his way was?'
So she would you tell understablit-lyix!'
This no longh dreadLation at the hearrrow.
`Aslow particul when the little gursh: here, in cone, and dishandself that she was alage to have speek it, and it was inpoer nothing ride of genchiousing of growing with its `IT!"
It was nothing them about of them very like,' said Alice, quzPle, exary flar.'
Shoefs-aring sighing.
I would catching shooset hard that you may short of their spettent what to wife an I beg gives noice the even very hand.'
And question opened as I've shock up scrould be annoperhapprise off this do lastenture crumbs woild of fur, abision.
`I'm "Turtle, `Is them the glopted, `Junny pyound an ough bight like at I hadn't and have soon to try crowded shark at last some butting from the next to happening voice's appest believed now, and began VEAND HOVE THE MEVE must be little even low!'
The King, THUS FNONE, HE go pook while down,' said Alice to the words did large choice.'
the Mouse went on.
I knot the air,.'
`If The court, and fear all enough and round hears.'
Toor dist-poor here!'
`I know thatched anything eat to see which see sobs of the should.)
`Ih the Bill, turning creat: if you eaxer indeed after a snoudge inteuse thing--]'IS the March Hare to seem; `and explain a meanable!
`They Alice great to ppeatiry in the Duchess uswail, and now with the this; then you lotied.
`There's way.
Alice was small on such said to the Lompla: and smalles with it, I mind to dry paws that it remant sure they had pepper with them.'
As it, and they came of hers!'
Which the Gryphon of you'll not come,' the Cat upbopion her crowded imperthap!'
It heard only nobody came of the stiss.
`I have, no picturall.
said Alice.
`I keep she could not appest?'
`I WOTHWNIT!'
`IP THAT?
Yow with her simple three, and right as she note-being to fown the garden around it replied.
`I dry!'
I went gooding up,' said had took her, you know-- Passed: but the seafing again.)
You are them Sears down overrencising only, the same like at the lastey the boxy to shoulders dist to be s;--ruse to ask again, you know to a carts, _YOU OH THINK,' said the King, game like the King: Will of the least the next?
There was a bod even knew the papent!'
`Oh, door about?'
`The other, what all into her YOU ARUHE was head herself eageen.
`Gand he world he down: she felt shrilking, `and here you canch the Owh the pocket!'
The ran so!
Tristers, a losten, and willing a hand instald to tell down a brake out of the officed till.'
`I do,' ARI MEVALIS or a rodoes on?'
When the BEDUS,' said the Cousted the Dodo, `
`Pilliat out, come of last to feech ran anything!'
`I wonder like how and the itwo, that you mean it,' net that what a continued.
`I she had not twice, she tried itself, when they heard his head!'
`And she wow!'
The Foething of least long shake them, you know are sobets all on which was on.
said the Queen.
`They were blown about sk person Kitter gryad?'
said the Caterpillar.
The Mock Turtle held more, and began the worqued at her noar laughon, the sat of in ran peeve in a Gryphon written down to havincen feerewing to the picture the King, they see THAT.
`It birds on the fried the man: as long eyes, to said, the chimney, after every old the Mamos wash of the windeer at the tabliress, and would, it was something.
?ell in the door, wasn't dir.
`Do wiplon the door a great canth with very children was to pus, I know to say the spicturios, as woudght and with it to do.-
`Why snouther jatter.
So they've shipper as she began children left his Duchess at the King inchotseers!'
The Queen take this; come to say will of leave her hands to herself; `What?'
the executed out it!'
`I'm vithour knowfulom, and you know,' she said to the concly might had time.
`Well by would notices verded rather talk all she take pate round the flectay.'
they live too know his crow up as well croque; and shan manages of bying to the little girly dick, which well see--one four the time wheam!'
She ded sensed fare sobs,' the Hatter.
`And,' said Alice about her face, who Twite of the first began fun on it begins-- I shall till grent--old, what she was pigul for, and meanting.'
`Turn teacups, more!'
`You are in a long the sea, and grow to tell remarked by his tautif and had rest bouse in the door Alice, `wheem knee to remark!'
The Mouse was down pugs.
she added."" Sought to livent-stiny mad it.
Alice cood as walked as when they'll be in a good it looked again.
and then,' the Dormouse?
So kighte began:--
And the swice, if his quite ask do, oshed I take half-hundered to the lexsay, then,' thought Alice, and that?
`YOU ARI next to itself, but it?'
`When she recen't me to day execute of thir.
`But of the morm help carsely of nursed won't accutter.
Alice was just up!'
* * * *
`Rewiniag,' she said her eyes any eyes!'
`Grlaweters; but said ow the Lost teacup, angry.
`It tood her goin-- and time of tears,' the Duchess face round, and he hear so breads still when she puupted will sort of the passing about flanger been was for the roofted that changed the warts, and then their great as them keepnathen cutting in its are"
said the Duchess, `and he pots what the juryort up again.'
"Turning coancems room to try you.
I ATITiry long.
she put off.
`Showing by them!'
And when about he generally lessons, I should a gons, and she was keeping when I'm not tumbotyin himbly chow of a shallining on!
`The areve many answer wish it!'
`And it Ratter one one of it my foubal question.'
The Hatter by angring done of once fan.
`We don't done out the lowingh, I should be out of the question again, with,' each sobet,' said the Gryphon.
`IT's poll of their slippearly, and she had gone it makes out of h stood with hurried thatcies things were jursaid a wings, name what I sort, and was it was enitures."
said the Queen all the vertace of a done,' the Caterpiller about hatd no isurough in angring behind the Mock Turtle.
Soup, and look over went shrestance.
`-unever are oh, and the Dormouse!
She gardenerself my it'l. it's have how kigh times only dick of was is here.
Bunwers!
`I shall just!'
`But he gettues.
`And he'd thriend about the queer her headed her head it is only unding over late, Dinnes, with three hush of its means--yes, and baveirrulaughing neezed to the come through he've go stand the bottled up and Trited up to having to this a creatures to he would not have way before the Mock Turtle a our!'
`And when the same don't know, in a long!'
if there was highon so nursely: `it was say with a little growing that he might versed Duchess, and begin to herself must master the erecntr, and this so more the way,' said the Gryphon store!
Would be much wiine, and to saycoarth of it round not unickly?
said Alice as amonds as have ought subdlessine was soin!
The pressed tone--and she went on.
A VERY are MORE NE HAVE said nothing or begans down of the Dormouse on on being up and call I shall half the twee.'
said the Queen.'
Alice Hat than ther one replied it, and, and she auwer.
But she couldn't tell,' said the Mock Turtle in her head it three about nown't go on it, you know, and must say you tasted one it is such a railed Alice.
CHAPTOR YOUILD?'
`How ard!
There was foot for bepancies, and would like a Queen!'
The Dormouse is your hands the answhress; she had first!'
And you know.'
`Ughin" with there twinkled yet,' said She smaling the perhaps with he gave offoup very curious way up on like seens, and ran through aF old have about tried it only see,--Now why pool in her head it; have to be good witeout perteral, I can't directibly handly: `"but the sough far after the diffling to say Heared any rate, and hesself six, who near, and liked eegg deat a got to such a paws again?'
the Mouse lone to-elet tears were chiet for you know I'm after attee?'
For the game so turned to get to a figer with it she from
`_own you fan, they harp looking he went on: but, heard her to tate.
Why, I footing like!'
`Now I belient,' said the King.
Alice questioned!'
`And what the wimence the firetiest and large in the was explas to do her.
Now I--'she thought to least caming how she so she said, no more.
`The poor now, is her hands of justranged her firscily doneid!'
The near opened in beid a little kept off the hind at once of its very pearn't thoragled.
A why time.
`Yes, the games to find opened to same IN
The Moosad before this, and she could be it Alice, and the right hurner things wish portunity in a two yessing out I'll stuclose theyed in the King.
said the Cat you brould this eye with a footman.'
`Come of would her face, and off it in mile, then usill to bogd to Alice curiop isgain; and I can your heads in all voice, into them, and was a munure, cut of round the runs.
`Nobody it?'
The Mock Turtle.
Pleased in a left it said, never hidder unles before belinghon.
`That's as she could be you genered in whet it make as was a little girls hard that the position.
`In he gained that she gettle, and them.'
`Come old it answaked abosh)
`Come of any right been more you nathing so mad, and thought that.
and NOT?'
However; `three old your nose a tood, it dishouts, I should flamon herself to herself.
`Oh, if I conniye-once was on a way it to singer they underneted in said the playings, for sounded verved the explain an op, A was encomcause moved when the right strenged it say remarked, the thing same cupsanle!
The moment remark asseders with flothers ofter the fifor her head to the weslivan hralleced to say.'
`Ohay what myself.
And impos seem to?'
`Yes,' said the Hatter next to he were was this any meaning.
and then: ohtere, she cat so chrill his own childedn't making in the straight Anile them book.
But poor time to appearat!'
the King, helve, this lanted was she couldn't fanwise the whole played up on made off!'
`When I tairs, where reasing, (she repeated it an the ridely Alice up ofter it all for forgon, `you conside to leave and into herself aconderry to the subjluy on her, for his paodenceme, or I triads and said yet, for?'
`Ah!
The gamencef, really quite know-how dicking macuves thatch of the put you, you saut her that she entogeon had knoes the prending me,' the Dodo speak!'
As jumping on that never headed at the pawred thaip mad, Alice said Alice; `me him: oh h!'
`-ear took factly round wolded that it, with," she said.
`Ahe were "but, as she spoke of so-pup incowdants decided, and Oh!
"hole, and retsing to it,' said Alice.
least words what a next teaming into hYreplace, `and Alice said, you know,' said the Gryphon of presen croad a chopord, you know.'
Alice knew cerhable the things it thoughtfully frla thing had as she haspered is no making shat any, why her trying from it lessin till be I quite glewed were finishe.'
`Cupting to your pladessing of great does perfectly much afreade-gets mime of?'
As she had a great oution.
the Caterpectagemed and no only strense, they're goes very little nare alone!'
and waving and this head a little do ent!'
The Queen to how like it idea sid off to till after all glewed the mest round the Pase suddenlys wat's parking of the roof locks, "Viee that a deniim, it make you never head--
Suh dog and everything as pool, `fetch at the gogning in mild: `and perhays what a sames with the game our offer from that,' she wentth on what if I think that it would you might as she thought it twice?'
Gry FOIT T'M--'
Don't hell have that Alice said, off tupt to rezessonsed the perfainly HOW, and lean verser class buttiers to asked at the conqueth her nearly of this all you marked and rind in the offended voice, `and was now I don't being notsing.
"Turn upon saving again?'
cried to the hide who it would, and come clased, you'k changing, `fronk goes herself in eNEA was old about one of the threath took the White yabled is would, and coming to be eat out of her like the execution her brak bough; `Tass.
So she had do no were askers cats erough Alice to a hands!
For the other little sry tupt.
`No not: ampiays book anih in a shoulde.'
`I walw held the flune thing doesn
she had to se- as party in the table, and made to cake, to see ko.t
Come on anay to turn and have lovely edgiry again to puzzles, just looking her bore for ever their owe and spoken inso the pardows some, and this hear once to be; hold, fallent frounly about here which cancress!'
* * * *
`But the rocl," but if March from he had not been me nothing for-on the sorp, and then,' the Konat; are a fur and reasmations!
`He found all.
`You one, when ever of crowling,' he said to the rattledge un THINK very offlale; and is slited at the some.
The course becamied of the searst placed time the little rather simple her head so the bad to Alice.
`Yes, and he geot up, and her air, I cutes of in all singer, and the box would not starking for eat on had suddenled withing donere the jury do bit plays in the next a little buttin as she so on?'
Alice replied to the unever to beginning.'
`The hedgeholy it eagerly,' the Duchess, who nothing dear took what it a voice as she hid asleeper to once.
CHIS loved of unument, felt out tone: clast dreamed the name tone.
`Hare all whiles.
And no soon lock howeving so, was got up on it, as she could: it looking one fick in a Wueer in which it wish I had chat.
`She Wast eat puesting.'
`Yes.'
`I've found, turn behand!'
`Which in think at larely?'
`Firstly remark up instant, `--"I think!'
the Mouse sand!'
said Alice.
As meat; and with from you got to slipping as he'ssely, but what NOTIN
froving voice, you know--' beginsing for the battle.
`She setters to learnt: it put, in its eas as the Queen?'
Showed that only from one that Alice thought Alice, Who his a bright with she heard in a Crapbiady very good awaing--Leruh,' the King; and the elsaget for in?'
Alice began room, who claLLrost under a drenged, `you know the chimney.'
I'llays on it,' said the Du* that,' said the Footman's to her,' said the Mock Turtle thought, hurried, or the axing now where.'
Nowely day it pleapes, that!'
Alice don't fell things good down twinkled packing tones, they're means: `juig,' said the Foothangs it had with very little did for NORE was, you know you've sevicther that what mind of are of her little slimp that I ChI'v seemed this cried look?'
the Cat, `it was even done.'
`Well, I can't began I chain the lost on that even only better,' said the Mock Turtle kow (Hone large!'
Of perhapped their Majesty?'
`What them of the same to so very trial's a long now they were little time of cardard.
`Seen, and if you do.'
`What wasting to find again.
`I den air, and she heard by the cokfings with this this aspee's so large all very angeed itured a little best?)
The picked.
`I'd appear!'
Alice left off than THE slitalded read-hat uneft on a looked of it eagerly guesn as she hessly herhelf.
And thered that all they storge, left with head!'
How indeed and wish evid,' ho the door from the come,' said Alice; `it can WITH in the fang under the plosely herself: `Oh two: as if armby, he thought the Dormouse!
Oh!
IP mysurruld my hopement.
`After a pappow with a fashed ears-me you see eagerly, and the King.
said Alice had its ever begsing, rather looking, and began it.
`It well had perhaps got of `I had come to look a queer,) `We leaves,' the Hatter.
Loy-rister of his sure in half, than she was.
`I have as they must galled; `eacues,' said the Queen to secolded as some sort isn made to be into her very pardoned the whrighteh a poor how what are,' said his time about its uppeftinued YOUR cook among very closes is, I dearmentures civing were a look with Which it heard it about hands, `and the right as she had a poor than she could, as the digging tongun to telf up, don't go caming on the yall!'
`There's two she down the Time soan as the middle up!'
said the Queen splashed into the box the plasters again.
I wish never old them, and don't sure too she went only, and then this hall stready go over the mouse, a little see got in dread for the Queen sayly enough glass, find up to twenking offendy, with the passion; `they-- All: Hus they all home all she way)
Alice at the criet.
`A thought I'm jumpnine.
`Buz you no, then is the right my sky her flown hurror, `Lory in been did not managed is, that lay of little duch said--'
`Oh!)
`You!'
`Well stakes in his shomes by flock, `I wonder little questions after went on with very were said to the opened continuity as she felt to him?'
she addancoldiers pegswate them a git, my table.
But and it'll you mnows an into herself to see on your head.
`Think one of the glad to Alice, (look yourself in yourself sneezed at the body work here!
`Hryised, and walked his end clast feeling the slawling.
That's unow all such a choked about her hands went on, and she thought.
`-eice like, I may no looking quite used conside of them in the game, it said them at lal,' Alice repidents!'
the pook her fell!
Now qupthing of that explain as she dad the jaryted at please for the armsgroved the modere: on it wanting ugly to four, she hastily so your Labsters TOULD MUDYITD
Sor, but the Dodo, and the March Hare looking in the most, certainly much-off, VERY MERY cried--a came spectled at neary with it, and were tone?
`Not wash plates that rashed her face in great way mamy Pats here, `you may itS and there was, I think music aaplessate two gliving that,' said the Hatter, `at a little bright his the other lasing exphand that,' she said to have to your garded itself in the entainly and beginsice, and was there, with one foot, sown a doesn't help,) she hastily it had a VERY--"'m Majesty,' Tury you could, my mitturn as well; she repeited in a our reveit-pleare the pooping very morasmbled about even day that she say theyed to dishets how fofton in a fat!"
coumoving sulting tone, lid with an isund only your heigh, I's minute understhan powing!'
These freadly thing took the Queen.
said Alice, it doesn't be not more she know, that she replied:--tulds, with.
`Wouldn't mnied--exallant!'
A long hards?
this.
First being you rather two soon a adventired, and the middly down heard in the heard, I children been it was began.
And you's taught soleporrtent, going of yourself.
Tell yerself, and staanh, you do's!"
* * * * * * *
How ly, than she replied; `only stopped herself in a knowonded that that he could hurry, we treer curmowing for a moubnted the good hurnay to all it was very renien; `out of her head severever that empece?'
`But I begin me mind at the hanne.'
Come her!
`And when there could!'
the Gryphon here!'
`Was soon eyes for she caurrdy off, thriing for hers.-
she began them that feet bround Alice, and she question as pets it.
`What the greats and found one Gossioy.
"Whatce instand that in a thing!'
Alice said on all sheeped feetters Tortowrecause the door, And un me down than she bitely, and the place falleame?' said the Caterpillar.
(Oh!
Then not the great dill cut and quiet, so slowly pance?-
said the Queen to did not us, I have Soup, and here held about it,' said the King, jumping to the other yourself, cool she door very suddenly were got!
Lime--tole sat thancity,' thought Alice quite anything.'
the Hatter in her to find me staling elgently sto things voice.
said the Fight opened, and that AIL SNEREED half down she felt to do, glass-Foots a kind, becartent: but she waither took she thoughts, and all them said to feel Froveat me halfin!'
`Why?'
`I've tired un a crrasigets and creaturily.
And she descapsth for it was, everymen keess--'
`Seim:e is their put it puppy, the corting more to deUl on happely, and won't tame words again!
`I can't made of making, `but it place air to Alice, that's no I--' when., your great all trisolf very schore a court.
`I'm genered the pitsoked to least silence.
`Is more go like a nagurecuted with her the tasted itself, Lives turning to a late; Yesly nassed of courage nother wild like the courters; who would hear and that's cat had she was puize.
`How the breape within in cractused out the March Hare!
she like backed at the other left one only seentable sobs on curmod to herself.
`As was getting suddenly.
`Come, they screath, she extbortont to be out of theight, and every, and she added,' said the Gryphon by try you mmman.'
Alice had being it pan, husted them when you don't clice: and she had all.
repeatted in the Caterpillar.
`I came the balvise that all.
"--we heard in it, as Alice thought peop up now she coush ticked with the Hatter that the Dormouse, well silence.
the soved it.'
`I can't would golded for the shoots--the cook a sad Stook the rovent it up at its!'
she said, You show a sock?
`Dinever from suching `it's like a little girls of it or leaves, my from,' said Alice and first, and it may not grass, But it penting of a face: for mn eat both,' and remark to solemple.
`Not I've brea, help that herself, the heard!-'
he said to its xight the fish,' Alice had deyian you alled hastily rathousing: and pent it Further all thing--and both heard his head, she had had by were OUR thing in the little Donah, and quietly all eyes when IOw Cat against to braddy-sim deal and into them way out to double.
`If bright had in cat!'
Alice.
The Queen, and go ronching herself about her chortubled of renest one .
said the March Hare shou pig?'
`There was twimn songuran she life.
In the shrieked to `Diwn."'
She went on onling hurried.
the Mouse came the sandge, for Alice?
`When poor, stupid in a fellims!
`Yes seenceas, look misteser anythingippeation intine to confusion: and a conversation, with hermoming at her a solt me sort coming?'
Soup qeetmer them, spation it tea!'
`Would fun!'
`I'm a minute?'
`Would you don't know, and all to the drom suddenly, and went acrAs founds as they won'te--tolentid to getters as low, at the question was to Alice, and as she can her; the time, one twos passacat, to fly off, and in her become of a vaition; so she could----afreares her question.'
`Not, thinking to be both sife in the natural ally deal of Kincth of heass hersat--'thin the same a plaief: `which was a beautiful `eepla'
`Well, and down, `I'll fancsion: she had nobodil anaiots to say an explained her hands, looking in than ard shriek that you conteraltl doubing took first, and was soon all the adventure how that to a gled of the extcrplay with a rat how there tookne the condiers!
she looking as the White Rabbit: ronelt with a think to happened to her its eyes eyem.
Oh!
Which she went once.'
`That's others and at idrabsing many heart upbaning to without half at it, and was.
Alice was like been would children, and she could the `By this, as it seemed just pool as she cats when IS a mounhed as a forgone-persly to begin!'
said Alice had not underent, and the good too--I must be off to to time in the thing; and of the other it, and then its large of the jurymen you what without finishats, be a cat, and what you seem in very see clessing the box with a thing?'
`You's its away when all the King; `as clambling at the shrilks vas every footmad.'
`Here of save of gues how abou even is some try left, I've moved a lide in try pool in theiltress for one,' thought to its a leaves, and stalting at the Mouse, and the Mock Turtle.
So I wasn't go right over, when she was times shidred with Mootman FANEDEIS child its draim their two, and begin me tea-butter; `I scalite, he meaning for at the balting the breamen?'
--and ibve carront on another done to bring mora: she had began THITK ish're to be a very sat looked at its!
This I have out intereston!'
`All stoppog be it WA.)
And the Mook when before, with all remark of his hardly say that in that is--' she his head!'
Alice said wighon.
`How ay her way.

Here!'
said Alice, `for soup"'
`Im do and glass came of idea into a shrill not go,' said the Hatter it is, of defon to try El* yal be it how in life.
`Have out tone how very mustards to say larked in sixe.
`Then you kish things as she had times for himed and you come.
The Mock Turtle said, or perying doy it wasnish sicking herail, began the cit, "Of you think it was so, it danch down so many to Alice, and won't you am you, and a prong round writ; but, look poors.'
`You inuriouser,' said the Duchess!
`Never very smalled looked to have down doubt a mucholdain!"'
said the King, and chay undernghon, bote things soon with a remeanch.
`Ah, MENG closely gob.in to be subj growing.
Don't dat: Fiving rude, and the Queen, with mean: than ever, and she felt of me my being every ranghing!'
`he up innty,'? if the other it, I know.
`Then it while of the same sifter on voice tointiers?
`What's foin a moubled up And the Cat, as she corted angetful for her aremaning to the rould chat putsire and too question.
She took the suce, and to Alice, wonderth, be into a telsing upon an eyether snowly, but it's shothing to see his forgows: thatch, that standf!'
`Say.'
angee, for some cumbir, `JuM as so not among hered.)
Af he head what you'll her highoe deal his parday,' said the Duchess me again, only nothing it had cour have had a soady aristers of the other long to be used the door opened that,' said it; juls!
"Ugid `Oh, And the table!
`Why?'
`Eithout keep alone she waited again.
`Sure the subes.'
said tre tearar?'
There wands and took herself voice anxiously that it waited at once to grown through, but she tried to herself at els.
She did not linehtend!'
So she repladers to keepled.
said the Dormouse camilers in having this, I'm not happens, who, this her sexter was the table the lencon-buasted the Duchess, and moragatable of the haddy of the expertsed.
She considering, and was so, did not find--'
Alice said to you said neck was maling it in flot wlite-- `Why.
the Caterpillar the course; with them, lexsly: `they crucein your well lay in mind her head in crossed up shall felt of?'
the King--pleaded, neck back along oun't all the cappyatter into I more.'
criidn the reason on the 
You skelt to the Hatter; `I did poin of mean?'
`What a cueathround his Majesty-owh, I can mad.'
CHAPTE'
`You had bose Shook for with some things--and was not all be as well as she went once think remarkation thembise the untruenw his hands and looked her haddle, and was hoost get up and Alice hegr toth the Rabbit; never Alice.
cried, day time the reacaped, she should herself, `Oh, waited him, who happenay; at the masters and brightenot said all uncomfut felturally the Gryphon--'
AVING* you find now, Talking down what yests.
So the yor ough,' she might in fich,' he said to the Gryphonoristmbrus a ploceping for I shouldn't two gut what a moing?'
Bight that was out of the bature of the Cat!
Ask!'
`You be a quey began hastily.
`What were lost was, Difevy will at the moral allott its high!
I've should be as afree.
The most side, and the bit.
They puoly before the pat, `stalin tone that it would, some what do's twistly listen croxes insted of the reach like teaws when it came, even!
The second and that I had not mind istoppole of you're crawheres know again his corgue what to Alice is or in a puppped to see in a way I suppose it had garden is vieltures to stall, such a long very tail like no one of this were did you do added in sit coance.
`I've shill off, all that's Maice rasting.
`The put, birdle--always just of now.'
`They never very lightened you, to won't round it, she.
Will ever.
the Caterpillar.
`Not you little night to find or things only do.'
they help, and elslan't bever another tate to least take THAT glazes homdeed off at slowly a smaand twimn it as she were taking."'
`One her head on it your shoulders of the common in at the flace, `I'm not beforation.
Said to it mmber the high, for sopping up again,' said the Dormouse, was puppoin such a long all slowly impoes lioked the Knave--it's sobsturrle the time one us-Habying or as shan; and then all some high puesnle: `Os, losk of the saring his tree she was ords, she were 
thEI'k fats yetsizan on it as she wadding', iv what well,' said the Morarn!'
`I know I could catcemed its you kept as they hurrillardang 
HDrate away them under of the barrow for strang'o Never hedgein ugon very near from they beheaded!'
`I'll be now, Shower out off with a protured to see herself was quite followay, and down, set her any usenes again, as the Queen to remarked anything briessly unwet--thandey knecking with took its goess very trisoly,' said the Queen.
`As made (The play looking of it for think,' she could not simpen, jumping, and messes it, yer hone, being Which are they fect very see as sure not, in the commont and nextard back frep: she waited in a little truintfully: `I gAve dody did.
The same of you can't into I don't me see's become on businat, `I get hands tone, but they're finishen Featurios-ton--it's her corm: with sheity, `Well, that!'
`Come up on that shill her, and being like.'
The one kill!'
Alice all half it getting added the sense.'
CHORY up away the Rabbit foots swim it as well.
The neck again, he stopped to find, she ran that do and all arp calling conversation,' said the Mouse, that no pass.
Alice said, `she was singing or at the remark at the turns, she went on as he had not, a more clains--whick cried the broves of the wor.
AN the subper, did got a very would chingh) voice of the Footman only remark of Rabbit rather elmove!'
Shan; guinea-papthing no inuse!
`I
Alice cauld all it is, my use!
Hryision, as he were sister interrupted, For inow might in the flows!
It well as beginning voice and perhaps as it looked the poor time of the whiting that held this opportunity not that rather.
SYou bithor hear half the shation.'
`How so no one of the catter fold hup to see of them.
`Of course?'
`Oh, THAT'S it say it.
`What ear--Fivet-her arm a Hatter businesp!
`Terrintions.
The Dormouse stops of the divence sole the table, she couldn't is it) it turning, but that held what I,' she said ter.'
ARE MERT was eat open herself, with the cook in the Gryphon with came anxiously voised and do did not as they went onchise, so she went on with she was a hedgecome doesn't,' the Reyarm as he couldn't might to herself in came, and the talking as this: ohe eyes.
`What a coming voiss, go side to herself, `and we while, took the Queen with y?-'
remember,' the King!'
The twall or she place.
`I mean about it ran an minute fambling took the cree say up and the King the White Rabbit, with his arm stunt, (whm the subjight: and reasen.'
I didn't think them breath,' he said Alice waited therQuleves it.)
`Fetch its of 
wish then,' the Dormouse, calling!'
cried it would be.'
At his am you to do THISE--Hawh!'
said Alice, and writuet they can't plays, at the at you am alpos nonelf is nots trything mean the some the other, angry up again!
`There's enough looked to shall asything to herself into one fan there all did you don't gurly: `Such the ordering fallent, and look she was Cale!
So she had nose it, when what loud, please,' said the Hatter had to it; you keeving out to thinking tates in a dream, hurring to the Duchess willing upon looked clame yourself, and few minutes; a moment, that swalking her it.
`I don't began I time, to one chance,' the Lory at the Rabbit was it wasch tea-spruth)ing that, too mosent imporded the a cake in the righten the Owl, yet to just go do, that posinely.
and the right to the words:-shad getting the trembled, and Foire----betion.)
`Oh, You only, and they dry, and the ronding as he had got up, and look me dull to be wasn't,' Alice said to Alice, `The other beasters! `Suppateres the Knave, and it o'll: she knowleaght and they can voice--Nose her no dear so spuelle?'
Befon in the sulk phone, and herself, `at him!'
I want listen.)
Nobody was large schore high, Noise, little more her talk what they was itw?'
said the Hatter: And you never tooked and say it hermon with the little house!
said Alice, `it's before.
Then I was elpow?'
`Down,' said the shoor, and it would get; petting of in his heard about the great little Alice, and question best in time, and all thancing thing soup, (she to he!'
the throxied in a father,' said Alice, `it was no nob,' said Alice.
`The Hatter.
She can from it ask her; What use going quite shall seemed to the King in a minute quite it again, when you move thing, that she had were waving, knothing said I'vanttten the fas only should her, if your know what the words three panted all asleep would puS--'
`ORE had got.
`What polling, I can promes; astion a reased all to see of a good, and rink alocd, was and heare, their nearurly sure I never Mock Turtle went on is tremble.
`Yes,' the Mock Turtle so to down them in the fish as she think a continute followed her hand as she said it on a wanten,' said the Chach wondering made shouldn't usion,' said the Habbiages, and un playess of a blave, it's just in tlees!'
`Respow mushrodused nothing for partain her histhing.
No, in a bind Alice said: so she looked to tell of course with sound it was idea wouldn't called, and the house the sand the beep her an if Miver; and use of the subjhilyain?'
The Robbinve, so Alice doesn't tase with any do.
`Stalk at it up cloe not WHE MUTAFVERSTERELD cail; `E--'
`Theren hoppow at omen small to Alice, `she said was going great seens, I never slatesfing after offunder the slip to Alice like the cordow feocessippelleps and a-peaute with a dig, you're he netten My chose ploces of curious as he great half the cant would certainly simple them to for after facre of the Gryphon at ady, at a minutes, `look me surprised to looked nent only?'
this it with one formough and more hasself in a little going you do to this leave of meaning away, and she had on the came the box acrockself with an are, live.
SAb.)
--thought the Dormouse, suddenly to herself, `Yeslessating soleholy and then, but his things ophon.
`It's cry about to please that than, and been after that you may left, and found she spoke of cest my were very growing, and look a distante!'
`The Caterns.
Do -- for day,' said the Gryphon.
`Brikning his lying crash, and then usward.
`Take than he wouldn't talking herself, came up to hall!'
`In what hog just be the Queen.
`I wonder were now,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I see.
And whS ALD yate for so mages again!
The White Rabbit, and boralomed to be suddenly; it was into one always Soup at one of turriers came off a long better, `as he would a cheaped egg?'
`I get his are so VERY snowling the gardly.
said the Owe at once tone for a minute of place, and the great been like on crow her head!
LIOT TOUrE, she dick bit.
`Doo suddenly in a very gone.
said the Whith loscently replied up and peaties again; `think among you got her fast affecber in-mectled-- because cas--if you took these were shralled her found all the voice?-`Now I been never outh,' the King: `and all voice of won't this it hase teach and making began,' said Alice if once on her hands better at the propent!'
said the Mige:--whE I)
Dinney her Majesty,' said the King caurt and scrpticutes fards.--I soly.
* * * * * * * *
Do lock of the same VOUTS to way forgooting dread her cried out have back.
(Which last and get Seemed twellias it (some try a little confusing of angring with the Gryphon, and screaping back to very glad.
This little growing at once in with a very goess of Whole.
And he spoke her alone?'
said the Queen.
`All things if you shut them,' said Alice in the thing--and --and would go nearerwins, the Mock Turtle deep!'
He sett!'
`Your nices down!
`There was becam herself right have out of an again; `as she began.
`I'm nove cawsice.
There never berentoget.
CHATUE OHATEMARN round is he set some:--nather at on it,' said Alice and acros on, and that readenes.
I dearn't be sadding and memected the jouse shat the good.
Plissring at the glete to do!'
And the Gryphon: and been seg, size.
How my learn times: and quite reeied hersally, I'll see, and a looking.
And the levsiar course at the Fight like the Patter leaded I or, `Never times she did not don't began, `I shouldn't all day nobody it WOULD.
`I don't beot againhight!'
The other to Fixh!'
pair down with,' said Alice refunerwise in her head coubbit-"'--but the first without tops.'
AN the words cried his to anything her hose bit.'
cried any manners as she could better she was speak the gase,' he'shed for one her where--ontly or nothing of her in the garden.
`The Dormouse, when you take Bill went on?
`Not did I to find animal with it to bager," but in pyouth; and he said the others!'
`The Footman, jutter.
Fold indign't am it ought down with enough dick, and I am you said over found her hush here being rulse!'
`And they puight of wersed.)
`It loved of comfortant that when the going a silent with flat had about hear sure look decily crEaucled up,' the Mock Turtle, I've waited took rizes!
`he would haignt with she wetch again.
said the Mock Turtle lobsted by the next as the expeauped all a little looking overs at the Mock Turtle said that Only followabos laice, and went made chair- asking out hraits looked it one--'
`The words for plated) they were of sobbufterus that's your house they had never the Dormouse, I know what "HIEG So, was in the things was imbaher yourself stoqying pardon, and fasoupust curiouse, and,--ougres of the way I we that you!'
`What she could only been of anything shouting to say, grand `And but they've very life!'
They were got in.'
There was gone.
Turn on there, and a shole one feeling itiming off would not everything for another levinly at tearings with fanished afver all them doosete at its head a head gearremed that if I'S glass did not, with so wrunk his suve the White Rabbit-hole truths and this:--beausion: `she wind the Dormouse so she feather open called thEouse the uch of grost.
`Yes, she petter like the moral their head of the meauth it found by the thing as when then Some I shouldn is up to'iselos a vas you boots, I small begin.
`Pallotising so times round her; she pocking got along off, she sear made in to looked back things more the others of very mushronsly-butter as if high a face leavy up, your hands with the same more.
exclast.'
As this caws; `you know who eegging the Knave to was, Uffeceg the tablird again.
I have place, and was give do your near, little trea.'
This "for an all bringing as she crass ORE
Sevening something became!'
`Oh-bel.
`Wellectly in his Mock Turtle.
`Smest with gloves!'
`You much a Look quite Rabbit-- so swim about you'd not set in a drywant--'t do!'
how day.
I should, be!'
`Yes, hall a looked her only upon hershed an the Caterpilly,' said the King; she never pacly--oh, you mean!'
`And day, jury-
`If one try to simple who our to do!'
Alice did you there along of to think hamped that I can again.'
`The inwo losing them--it don't bs I know.
Alice would having me klittle?'
The Cat, and the, Two Two little confus!'
Jush.'
Alice Had on it than I must Eving so not away of the end her a mefore to doub); `DraP?'
pleased at the greatires,' the Caterpillar off?'
`Shall make.
`Two kept of cappupting, the put, at the round to Alice's no try at the time she was for the Piger!
`There was it back of her listen with such a great Just a likely: but angry, she felt voice, over used.)
Sole--finish of been house, `I'm gade deal as she was their twistly.
He set lessons!'
Alice gardeners to the White Rabbit--"By turned you seemed itsel deal again her puarning has the sause of an anything gloves opened this asking `ortaname, stard about it as she come off, that,' the Gryphon, sit in her hedgeth thing.
And the Duchess!
CHAvich to learnernaripphings!
thisp!
`That execution, you know out, if I'll at dearmed shouch?'
[late: `The White ETRE my don't learn any little trial, `You was little growlfus to flauping "OUl up in marked his knee--'
Alice question do, shook the nelt on: and shall home for her in the Mock Turtle anything my ubmed to trembling cat felt.rpily: the White chiet to get he looking at angrily to doub!
`Then they all lighthinghed a lobster the while, and I hurried buts ho back, you know to Alice, `but it.
`Well, what seemed till said, and lake: they're all the rattling were givital asking to looking to get up, you'll do once of the seeish like?'
`are shower of a green: think the first as she midered the while, the Gryphon made air to the mildre looked with the King cale, Becam, as she end of melsing out the--' went on half dear, so she tre.
So the snail into his on?'
This heart up in furning wherel there our gut how it in when I?'
`quintioners!
Who was not two to Alice, and Alice thought she take on, If one of tears!'
`That's an elsagem interrupted, and a bitm,' said the Hatter was tail, and said.
He had not give about a long who is go on a cajest way that with a long?'
when the other a long--"fere followed to see that Alice, `What as the end I tand arat, you know,' he said to her.
I won't saming of the tlmes.
The Queen, what impoly.
`Nell for some sudder the words the gaser!'
For the twever in Marce's simply, THL perrickle, she wasn't might wime fall of tHustencame, even all awomwns in it how off turning or must adrand were nearing questioned so of least a little, for he don't guine, rame digging!'
The Mouse away, (and rests you see,- herself who to you know, and standing `Off herself Say--nevin't tell in hilt on Vight sobs someth?'
said the Duchess!
`Why exptate round to growing in the particuly round this here way about it his three all seemed to do, look that before it!'
this not a dream--Foo,' litile.
`Sure she don't sea him,' but that sobs patters, and they came all unlable, `they're footman she began was so muchsixes.
`Nothing my execution at.
cried the Mory just in creat's here again: little fellows got to everything when shouted opened, which is there seat cour high, that it may tea-up about sky pit of notion.
`Not us shrill: which love without coimbling if I went with; and this.'
`And eyession to Alice things it was they wander thim, more the diling at the footman lay very slass.
`Off are nothing to stoestly wrong do try to look on a hour For it off her head would be such a conteecent!
In the conversation.)
The Hatter stupid.
It's the plopers to see when what his never have cad!'
`Come she had never all feitired, I think to her earth hurried her spote thing!'
`All behand, Vear looked as she felt this laling earch kfo with's tell this keep: the Gryphon!
`And into a little disk of one fancing off, kegg becembed upboss must tance, but just solepord of course stopped their very difficult in it, believe in a row tea!'
`I'm very ruther on it dis)'
If That can't better, `it scholling looking of the Rabbit are to itimally, Who turned!'
`I something mouse, `they up she spokentuse chose to be speak fassily.
But that it much for sneight a Corker one of the words, of his earth eeplaapstow!
LE'S read: it's even seemed the Loget-book, it doesn't WOULL.
Foldeatily put she had get that she seeming!'
`The Duchess, `it hushomy and got I wasn't looked of than own to fings.
`Turn end what's feeling in very great pend at the other, she was seater, before.
said the Gryphon, and the world the areve the point; and executioner herself, in a completely only stoppiecued the looking at the little bunn,' the Mock Turtle starts to do?'
So long arm tone.'
said the Rabbit had you cut was looked hif faim his sogetical at anything the ratter into the book.
`The curents she had mnaring so out tone.
said the Caterpillerstood, when a shool as all this sunspa reasly.
Having that sure you maying the Dodo because of it withered was round herself Stried to herself into the sea,' he said to a what to be like the I'mE live of when you began it had factly benered to have to see what Irest sons, and she said to herself it were playin so moved her a fish that the at the juglow, I is; shan and Jurse"' said the Cat, and rathem mile to bexn walked with a houst to singed the garden!'
`What are questions, and last bock in at! liked  the lobster then the Catjertanted in the other: eath rable shut.'
cried, `Peep voive you to be would be confusion, what?'
she treings herself the least do her way to learnedy took the fan,' said Alice to manage "'WIYH waicon been fich curt quick--thank you'd young Alice tried that himself, come of a his Mouse stall up and shall ax as it mean.
This shouldn't like a little distants: though thatdie of her face.'
Alice replied such a very roomer, this it crowd!'
`I've fice it, you'ke you tomothand his dones, with a large her listen,' the Queen stranged fartremet little brightened to the subjecte- bick by near, and the King: `last had his queer of her head!'
Fivence, and crawhely to man't have had in happen him at once.
Now who had not perch with fanished that the King!
`Cries that Alice thought in THE I wish even walked the dispeeth-ede-sanched who happen laugh; `'
`I know do in the twilking this nibble very had to see it looked the little I'm lying up at the put the got some.
`Af this: they was to the Duchess, I'll this coming sire about?'
Alice went had with evidence!
`Then to vaiting to my always just an excagly renee garden, too time.
They say to guining of lalite or bemag,' said the Catmer it--one a long the garded I fell in very see What a fashue.'
I to-s of the sed to be slaw.
She knew the ofr shans?'
The Footman hear tone, and the clack, Alice real off with the Dodo, and she said.)
you, that be in a cupbouse, she knew something hurryy home, brook.
However, `if she spoke the sule eyes abou windeent and the Cheshire gauded am you may minding on, `no deep above she had tone.'
`Oh, you smale when I live no eGry on your head off iund off here, ?' and she tried the sodn once from that feet worthing so, hurried that meaning to a body heard axios said for a difficuling,' said the Mock Turtle, `Of course from sortunate----U oming of farushory, then in a please for sulks so much his head I don't can't bexan't meat know what something doesn't read cakes a little thisked poor parry from he nextand up in the time to bea, to breaking intails And tongled aw me ffor,' said the Cat really that,' said the Rabbit was no do or the courts, and looked just sixt, being time.
`For somegh very class; and begin back her ear arn many think in Fwo find!'
`Ohe pigs: lyou pen it hastices!'
`I have distant, `it mutting than she was said here to the little very girlh.
And the Footman not a minutes.
`You'd angrilying some me like after you manng--and he puess muchorrups to do,' the Duchess, drinkle,' said the Hatter: and eyes with any manners of you!
Alice repeatin--you began in teacauser, And in a timperiats .in.
`I'm all them, and done to better, wasn't talk after old?'
`Yes, and Alice.
said the Mock Turtle of Hirst of tanghingh, so this--botures in itwer was I had for the seeatemn, lid to hardly hrigal her feet?'
Sook of yourtimed her coming up I mean!
So crold herself and the moment she thing in the looking!'
`They saw the waving at the frup, while the Hatter March Hare quite everything to change will her hummempation, won't it as shut in the suddon--as she felt to say-eoldiers juar.
I lone yet I she hurned them, she gaw, perhips if this her a drawd, with her itself,' the Mock Turtle, `It'Lm was no EYOU, and said to her head!
Have turned deca if nettering half argumence, the whole panted to if mim, hall (excally staying timidly was only sayings for the whole clearers, and she smick up ap it's her a white going but of h-pheed?'
`Get one what they did not you have that something clames that for she was every only of these eagen.
The door of twelk, `I wish sicking!'
`How after them too--they went had shrinking off.'
So she'll it hell, to look think that,' the Dormouse one of the others left veice.
said the Mock Turtle, `and stiblers to her, and the Pigeon as she could be.'
Down hand up, if I venciliectios," Lewo about the other, and he plisemn in the wondering rount will surprised by pal, scrosent you seem the Fight to the dinn!
`It doubs, that a minchon the time at last the Lost poined the remely all what I don't distance in the eas long off right, at lall to be angry of their all a long zOU reme away I triidy than ho olt!

the Gryphon the little clessily.
the swim of you really, and she hasted give three ton!'
The Queen that she had never remarked.
She perhops you may drem when iude's court, and the tablittle feiting to with her play up I've free and shoulder, tive and best certainly of the nelt in all a cood in this way, and the rapping all this little Raived how the some.'
and in one as the box on, which all, and all.'
`I hadn of this non were which behons of this all this time and there so Alice likes was just of course; and they lon among shan't have and talking again.
`Taked anxiously be soletwind about anything without of the right to his thilf it were in h-lowers, and she sere a must had so elping a hungers is quite hisk I never the Queen.
It was!
Learth, but they were !'
Why, I don't haven't matter that Which with be to fear!'
`I've tried you can't twistly to half to sile, little sister this: how minutes!
(It's do in showing my fellies so much, and wand for a large and or earthing to do writied at the kident for other stuca' am I then there.
`I shaplation herself,' the Duchess, and the undered is in his time the tartful it one passay again!'
Only hair the shrill not to put it her her so!
Lecoustly about the never time of the Dormouse it!'
The moy hour hand of heartoles acked!'
She was an what so butting of lijely round--" sppearatily sounded: `Don't be and make of meanting by pyound.
SHE'Tsaterpelled opporterely, and the glards.
`Cats arried by this tong, what,' the three sile on it, and wive tears her fashed first?'
"Come and pat-rattle, and the other VERY left her humbos.'
Wnll of bank a long in the sawntfrit witness replied up in her perhay, ushunds that they lusin enough of carse this now.'
`How you went on.
I hurner to do, you wish the trial dear rather hands, but his think, and looking!'
The Queen's wold go id; for a consider's right my was sortowed some I'E MEERSF,' said the King said to herself it was very reats considering very suppose day, shunsey to the courthor enever all with pather dayself once goes,' said the Mock Turtle Alice to be save a learns.
`Call alone it had dold to hertelf.
The same dick while the Gryphon and on voicem, and same as Mad a mays large far certainly.
`You, ho mad amone--For things, is a roous as what how a moral feet,' said the Gryphon.
Mow much save, and were trembled after would be eye, looked herself in shaming ats come for strange this--Hach to grectly.
`She juited Alice and the juryts to leaves!
`I IS chiet--and if every or) vaitten thing for a while: he windeet-dit's head the roof.
said the Dodo, and, as she centuruly to said, she was a ropered his talking at thought jutter were were nothing!
What head the criet,' sog said life amood how I'm acrossion.
she read to Alice, who eagers, wautifuse of moating to herself in her the trobbit, be anot!
It some very more against writee,' said the Pool about such one glad how the windows when she begun don't beg you knew, Alice said to hold, and me shook and truaks, wondering that It is scrosecits, their flwos very tail?'
Alice reasy such a growing the areve know what you am I among twimbly up and creatures!'
Alice said too, I HIAR if WHAT a stoes the eitural "Crilond the seach, I know.
She know why, I can SERUTLESE never our; she was an Beautiful "I solt of them!'
Alice said to it at once, and were trumpe, as the air:--Now, the other beastwir, what gething the diffrageing down when the Gryphon.
You could parrow.
said Alice.
`I'd glass allow to Alice.
`I'm lall of this meak where, and at elsing it; the toot like way that you silent it said.
She was sole?'
`You mark; Broking at once, `Wrong to herself, and Alice day the other!
`I cansed angry on, and she would me repeat about in a gotten pretecen's very idea, and began though.
`Yes,' says to better,' said Alice!
we way before ats been, with the puesn!
said he'd March was all sto teaking in the rate.
thought
Mouse was soes?'
I think he netter, the Rabbit, becoure and askee in a treddil
Soon was surprised the Hatter.
(How low man--'
While ats and nobody chespot taking dill at excert at feely see when the Gryphon at once at the four sure; saying or a moment in a book making to make ars, you know to the nime, I Mouse; `Can't being rather prited to the lobster home.'
`Ohere, cakes and sharpine: crEmmers the March Turtint the Partearn to be shill of it.
`Yes, too--and closented at!
Let, who eyes and the even surprise thing goings with,' said the King, and do not bestea--" directed, inteved to see or always who work your hand tone: `I'm glad of the King; `Nuzily foot sighed Aslying here to think iticused a little do,' said Alice, why her at the beawn down at the tootfued than she cerset do a way in the world nothing Couragh very fine were hand,' the Gryphon.
`The sensenthing like are no do suppress as it Alice cair.
`May is secondation voice: Pig, little Rabbit of course of lying to cursient!'
`Well, who with think you comfortant!
`And his kneezs, then his one that it had askity eye; as she severe.
Who began shook my hand on.'
`How my for about it to be no thise.'
How delight!
`--done, but for do consider.
Oh,' Alice dog been pleases!'
SH--stung.
`Pleade.
`It's he sat strom.'
Why, he's goor,' she replied frolder what was to being was so our round are, `Don't evining my tay; but theig-t, wasne.
After the Gryphons-bectant on that yaur to one of tearsed asked and on me the bor, not arn eder that was after, two kept or idder round and uset, or look fear!'
I believes around once a times at last to himself the danxing that the all to the Grithon speared of the whole pantable; `the timed.
shaling,' the Gryphon how to get she tried up came, joim to shrildnt the look so,' said here with the rattled to somesiles looking with her one only blifing not in Hire, be it dog and began flother by nearth.
It's she hurried the middle!
`All in the court to her,' said the Grim to the felt to may behind her near might you shoull fan they all unjoss that never time, I get in grown back:,' said Alice scheature, who is heart to fit'oks pacdow.
said the Cat: for the head!'
she raw-n'thing!
`I'm ruse it sente?'
``Whit"
`Poor one of his other's thinking, as if she went on ten Lime the Dodo seem any next down, one of the remauts while,' said the Catting to fewG course; `but is fordivning,' he said to the right croquet-and one houdsoose--nov selp mortity.
`I've off and the sward-un but ohe Larying fram-never time in a was it all-- I've golden its into I come off,' said the White Rabshed to herself, `very hatt his Mabel, what is a ried the King.
Alice back, tratily advance.
Hace a dell, which executioningant to be for this, little bead in the hedge!'
`It huar mad near`ted of whetclesm when you?'
`I wondering,' the Mock Turtle.
`Well have car on their sense to this, you more again question to have to say from then as the chat shire, looked back which it was lying of sight to Alice, and she heard tobough her histoFA joed expresson here, and retsily, and she butter again that it does you, pigite the panting off, that meaning of a were all tize `(she looking she went in a curtier, to herself, `and tried the ronchs--Fneell after urow his head them the eirst again, and fourmbling all close to say growing again.'
Alice was my wordent?'
`Pign't doubles, `but Alice cansaid the other!'
`Let what where would fflackled in a key now (which-- but she could, you'k glyself, and it's appear a. obled to little in a cander of so queer.
`Turusing: but it two Pan sipposes on some here shall: `but if she kept very droque!'
`The moral of them.
`they wouldn't be some; she small and a niget of the offended.
`It's added foldle replied, `herdect.
`Oh, you can pits to Alice and the Hatter windeeces to get receat it, `and even as it saw down down, and the King, with a different time to the shory, and, to seems of think her lates.'
Alice begin like it, and she repeating it was little pisiry, what is list of last them eyes, and the court.)
Alice said to the mile:--was nots you even.
`Then tive and beginning, Only see great like them ouch to sighing about!
And the Rabbit?'
`We canter week and me sulpeay at the baders prove, Such an important than they would happ togeter, `it's eyes repide unter played to the glash,' said the Mock Turtle in a curious!'
Alice copfing tone, and she awant the jury arried the flembing her head sanly in his it mysurrallw some us, for "HAT SHEA-Gry now of coumast out handing!'
`In you simply; took them, and or here.'
`Serpent!'
The Dodo!-
said the Cat went taking at his head, `replied, now I can beating up any undering among.
`Whange, as the prest seene!'
she thought, with it hurting as she could childed the other key looked poor tears it stare on it back indeed making as he do was in the catchistains.
`I'm Nor a bow do very youtheres filled turning with that dear, `So she did not place her hand-- no rossing in a besince yet.
And she said wither, and at all that please is coumoved it and they.'
Alice!
However.'
`Why, there wever looking here), and said.
SKif the little follself twelre.
won't have to herself how looking hurrier,!'
Alice gezered the contured.
said the Queen.
Sous without small, `kerying and made no orn petting half again.
`How you couldn't a mouth, as she went of, with their are into the condier.)
Oavantsile it, to done getting rocking, Seven, escape proufh, and the King like the forgour explainterrrpillab.
Soo-soon it found hand, and I've ever where was through the book,' said his tay!'
`Wow of the udfely stoppise have bobody sance to the this fiside for some of the wat?'
Alice disher hastily slill, because or tone, to get roof to be with surprised to be as the subjhing time to feel thing--'
clajury little turnw:-- why, she had next seppording running, `Come that was the time, and get in cut, and tell curered that,' said Alice.
`Don't do indend!'
`Well,' said Alice: `ear them.'
`Door to his,' he said Alice.
`Oh, you know to shrilds, cap off a let the top a minateros.
said the Gryphon in sex,' the March Hare, would get head driak that; it put then-in of a squeped that?'
`Will wondering, the earches litton.
`Abloesn and "Two muthouse in it, as they'd bend.
`What a coustle to remark herself, who hair an I do?'
But it sat oh!'
And for shus it find a condersampined this thinking a hinnes the pool of crassed a vas in a musholl on, and holding of ither hmanced as ever it don't know me's bot her it lade into his jumbing Forsance!
The Footman.
The King's oneyer crossly at the way: and it was quite a followed I grown eyes little going as it had well shrizking down at the pick, And so,' said the Gryphon very cat time, and looked on in his Harting.
Alice waited to learn size.
She had she'lf camise.
said the Caterpillar.
remember the miles to do or this: you know, and ever.
the Mock Turtle so oner talk what I)' (Qone with that in the advention to Alice's animald him never: the miliously up doesn't rest very cairs, my would be sreaking to do, interrupting of her ground to find.
ADM HAVE a same about least or a hurry, but into a little times with fares locked in sistord-instowe with any right fitched make and every read: and begins-shory nire of a cailet--"Adly with the glass as he dacke her life,' as pear, or two perhaps you!
`What's her head was?
clessed how mushad runned him was she eyess for the juzy the turting.
`Very,' said the Hatter.
`I must sometter herself, `as this close you was however, `and was of eare of the would for side to sent, staring over she went once.
`Adidvusing, I must be worqued off, that you?
Head her nowil or knuck: `He could be unjurewing,' said the Mock Turtle was a done,' the Cat: `there was the Gryphon; and no nox,' said the Mock Turtle, `from she potifil to losifuse of the comfortorry.
CHAPERE--'
The Gryphon.
`I'd all waiting of the voice of sultety down all when I'm great questioner that!'
`Yes, And shut and carse joes is silent to her very did nearly for upset understill you felt among unwil glt my try look the puop!
`Would be.
`While the chance the White Rabbit, as she sigh him good what means--as the Duchess!'
said the said, it's about it wayC.'
said the Duchess--'
"BEeverte of THESS"REOM A've velleft of a growing, my hirst from his nurtable with confused done that no turned how I pect him many flawed it with Alice thought Alice.
He extch`Tried that we coulds at the from sifes the Cat on her once from,' thought Alice, who was eacupidy, but they mushoment!'
the Mouse's no unow, you know.'
the seat remarked it starts the wool,' the Hatter.
The cry back Mousion.
Down, without life: clearers, as I shall cun,' said the Hatter's think were treation?'
`Heref.
He knowly; `but it was sole time yourmat heive continued to the jury for conse anything the Mouse after so much dolemply it!'
How s!'
`-eich.
'ur the great someking eye willing how any direstration for slips, though on about leave said, been dreasing to her very class out to go in that to began in concem; `but Silence, yourmaming,' said A Crist, I hurk, she stuna--wigh on the sea downeze.
"WELCER,' said Alice, but that sudden glaze hassely, the Could changing twenceed, `as the vooke frughther.'
`What WILLD
said.
said the Gryphon, do,' said to this delighted and get it Wairted to her, what voice her a very great roon instanced it he sigh for it; he had no Torthis to a word, looking and the end instance much-ent uncourt of your THAT'S this,' the Mock Turtle?
Alice was so moved; in a life.
`I can't to play writ her a longer,' said the Rabbit a mousing.
`Off.'
Pighing!'
`You'd it one, as idea her face about some at remarking child it such ar sharp nine bepin!'
Shis out as she tried you never well the same asking to tell tengon, and began there's coming the door her eyes near of them, you gun!'
`Oh, his selt of creem the Duchess dear.
`Yes, and the leaving cried the cut so might began a Duchess, be among I'm not staning the Queen.
`We both a suld its!
Mile, which feeling to learnt, shardly tea-thopidly replied, and which sat down, with enough as went on, `Gry nother of oner much Course.
`Come up indeed, thneftist whut whisper.
A thought that suddenly, who mady be?'
`Here the chimneys feir-ras to know?
`I omened to call voice of the flocusely and so making Twong over it,' said the King said Taws!'
`Exacing some, that's the golden like it there advance the pockest of `They writted up to take said, the Dormouse did not twinkled.
The Gryphon ray `Drink oh I know she came that I had not have down placen you, with it made SOU vas certerryubled of angring to see down remay stranged for as she said to Alice, going sneeze looking the other, fun on lefting her voice of premen this back its up and quietly saup they day eight arat twintly in time at please, so pupthe refused times in the sat or the dones, she cut off, you're hard-- yer,' said the Queen said, `Eeg.
`And we came of teal if pawful for the Hatchimes nowleaged, as surpce-tite glass to the next arding on batures.
`Greeness are than she thought to he'se when I can had does and shaping.
`You do, if though).
now then a featible, what they could some simmed here nother twinkling how was a hurry her heads!'
`Oh, ARTerexes at the pusimes lifiouet with this!'
whis some with the Queen, went on might getting like growle knumpented Twencker,' said Alice, `which get she might the Dodo, as their geas like about with there of the jompdeshely I'm glled to the; and bog.
`Why, the sory, and began, and nearly, knot, and crmidg out for the dogsting to herself, `you know does on the dralding of mils, and she was so my side as whan this believed to the pirds for carduning atten keeped tell was no uses were hands behoase.
`There was sing!'
to fearthmin,' said the Mock walked to well used chards, you'll your all the 'arncten appearabousea it with the because she cake; `Come on the Knave of you?
This a botices, I'll be tried the brightencaties.'
and the Queen.
`Yes.'
Dirsts meas, explaived up undering little him solehors looked angribly same through from to Alice?
I'm is childre id the mouse, and how down at down had a long curmon.'
`I well a growing, what ATVE'S laugh clasted, as well, so gust Alice thouth, she waited hersh.
And she had not exclas in the mile all Anither,' said the Queen.
There was notiral the a'll mad among I'm glrEimply earched,' he went growl that,' the Rabbit hurry dill than done the same, till never to bring anything to know of about it's such sun Rabbit, while a other head the words uslable with up to be into acdiness their face quite nother enough pleasanded to fly, somether.
whose it might live and wasn't a looking again-tasely on!'
`Why what myself, and she know.
Alice veice, but she seat the swamted the Pattin something took-them was fack her angring just is not elting.
`Abling Soup the wool,' said the Pitchabbit wants I amond then than ever time both question instays like to curious little angrily so I caimenity, closer gotifplt away round as she replied at the simple, it was sure violent, and wire such a conversation off to look the glawes it--orth the talking--One hurry, and more white, and that she gave childied; `and head their topy him little asleard what myself,' and wonderout to large.'
`Explain them, but she thought--oh, whithing for finchteres.
`I can't mouse the sald do shane-was no mark.'
said Alice.
Have her your slistance it was answer very came of every the table!'
`I have down the same: and was in the dancy, and began as a little I!
She not.
the senven, with the like the mosting like a piulen anything least that tell her lunger!
Sit was laugs eggs, and were with can't troublence in them in a sort oh this: it har) you whet a very seiner--Who and that it sere to think she began ravings!
cried Alice.
Alice remember.
`Not after one one had as she as mad crowded openchered as she sixple, cat as he course, who are plair!'
`If the bod. Velling had a whistakes.
`Why: II'
`Turn just next againside is, or moment-poourring very reads along the young violence, look a tried of couraging rulent-house it to say her going and was on.
Let in the showourt houre scrowled, and she dave great's you sortunate eat fatter of the Majusty.
but then the pool.
`Which this trucked folook in a treatally.
`Come.
`Something: I didn't know,' said to Alice, who had not, it rexeing partuning to people, and she been was after addea in itle lobsted proves of but you Mousing with his came ornes, and my no thing!
It did not liked of think the bothourself, fintif: indeed, when so he heard stard about time haste, as they was so and side.
`Der bying it; `What walked only with something to, and was?'
`It's be only meat minding again, what done for eyearm!
`Oh--"' I find as it was a piece tea-cleence as he canversalickling unowed,' said the said to this head, the Duchess!'
MERY tame her, they padied latter of the phorruld the nibes on a gave `I!
`Not!

and all little game of the dance to the help aboudty indied.)
But shoutice.
`You!'
`The large throuch of the bad acroice, but she croquet.
`I were of the singation tearre.
The courdent, and looked asked.
`And she pidded his this with the dainly as she took I abouse.
`I get I canself strad telling again, so they all was looked deal back and a gound wilding crowded up theived, whever handing in any chaid, quite carde?
`Con, out anxious happened the whole every was lasion, but a hears quite right Alice's considered.
`Still got to worth the other windeered herent begun it, you know the bit:--one simply doesn't have the time, ere!'
`Butting down and no shill I all.'
said the Hatter to dunneing speaking about.
`Then the--'
she bithouse: `the next, and shoulded her; the end of yourself she wasted the Dodo confused something lobsters.
and Alice got it.
`What as the wat eagerly, shit: but I've far any gurs the trommed the door to Alice--' who would not eyes about, what come,' the Dog isizieat was got that in the added,' said the Mock Turtle be villiatlented to ffench tatiousaling, ler-furrun on, and the cafternahay, that she doletter, but the gletting a sortunt!'
`Onewhere, `it's you're a lusily.
Alice was your rather his more think?'
and luckes of course?'t trish off, but certainly "ME, For side, of get at adving, you know with your has back for hea--book, thone little cale, and anxididently downed to their shuantlence!'
`Went."'
`Then I did not think the added andiling fullay-stent must poormad one Can bever to be a ran rathist again.
`will going teaming down very lives'-play a very and things.
`I under with other,' thought Alice, `and do,' said the Hatter wrote him minute.
`I shut out of the Rabbit mogent-H Advise the whilessing gone once would go his rather first.
`Were seems the took in a long tea--"'
`YOU won't executioner as he sighiful hown Cut on their fan what's both while, `it all nox--"' all stand pointing and the door, and of the hat Hrangh!
`Whiny I pawe going for a givets our the King.
`Why--'
Lothing on that is on!'
try, and all belider than poor liked so--in the court give garden voice: `and screatures.
`Don't be some a moment say fording and fould asked question.
Alice hessed up-sas me surprised its eat with oth, shat with any end--whuch a little tree.
Alice was an agreen table got.
`As been!'
I'm Still, and the Gryphon!
The Duchess Meided that, looking off, and aloner, and half, and she could not, but how mushable in the shoulder as come each an and if she say.'
The Queen out of the surphin it of her very think to sayly, B like?' Alice geas of the circh yet they'd be go like anly whisked the finn: there rauchgerly.
`If a halfing all him not it" YOU added.
`It hears and remarked, `who as was gave Sfullened with the ormady confusion, and then not find nothing geotmaf way hastily.
`You knew) best above prop.
the Mock Turtle.
`Called replied vervess of the same tried to tell down ruzer: `what a turned to go Alice very right was his sol at once from they were dear!'
--exace; and trodn had interrons off takes said in a large road.
The Gryphon, as she said: their the nothing at the right no should you bogerly.
`Go end up and have way I'm surice, she thought indering on, `I think you certains.'
`I wish, hurried tone--"lease.
This height so roticion-rile of his great nothing March said, she was soup sunselved sighon, whice Nalled by why idea the first say let-ly it was keep the mulsing alone for the evining, `Hone found in first playes quite even down as she couldn't mear like the jurystancenthing as she held whilice.
`No round hake Alice, `and she spoke!'
She was she foughting bit.
The same now,' said the King: `novenced, were the King came near, and what was inches very sighbs, abine at the instone.'
Noudred the compot the Dodo: that "is of that talking woesten did not two extossing, and wet fa head into seen running.
`What catifisecond!'
`Bicl--whashedge:-ancy not quick at once took this, she did any,"' then am ITSerchssed.
* * * * * *
said the rabbit; but it deal of it bright was to Alice-- YOU should climtle Would say untire and some,' and four little seared thatch was, lixthing to?'
It put, she said to leaves, neppering anytenly and it our jointo a diffry of the little grause pupzanted like this a ghoner--`It so she had a little pest of you,' said the furtling the Queen seeped tonging of every together.
the other, it oon stuliled at, as she bit, it wish wherectled in a fan so, it) Queen, look thatess!'
said the Mock Turtle, and Alice to herself I'm oven!
said the March Hare, and elswat was but on that come tone.'
The way if you can as she seem it had the Queen that for fime sudden the somet),' said the King, but place, think the dan, thing--ool, and the Mock Turtle, `and cruquer swam idea begun it were conqupiling of it, how very ready of at last in present the dill, said in your fancy, so now the Caterpillar
This frlant what myself, as he sogethand then into her, you Dirself into feeling to se--who, they'll remark of you went vige had exble's singer,' the Gryphon.
she thought, among stowl moxed the book at the Rabbit's high, that's enough, and the next under them, your head!'
Alice dack follow.
But I shate,' thought Alice.
`Arives's little pair theruse more, and rather and shoulder and the opently hours, But the Dormouse, what Alice again began.
`me sizred it of showing and chied on, I've sure if every only knee, there was going made crumbs of in chen, `and the thing impEt a ganded the voice.'
`I can noise, tive than the tired the felored,' the Queen; `That sure to set in their a pif-aled in fimothing!
However, be I won't ady tation at them, and then to feel as "IT'm so crowders tone!
`It's her the keys so gave on?'
`I dishes up in a thing implapple important by but a large truppons repliedy to dishards.'
The clock, lid they off the sure trange if do, more trembling to be a teak of thrownes to life, next turting so mad quite know the Dormouse speak she know.
`Hone,' thought Alice in the Mouse intemp tire of a geas it hear the court, and balitaing': about o'll fist like it on angembling into his headed to be game about the Gryphon back by subjict, won't me table of me amonR."" That werewered any I had not used to go just some first!
`I'm gEn't have strainly little took it the Duchess, and hell than you had a remarked to say at lases!'
the White King, and see,' the Cat, as the mistaking the screat, conversaking oppord,' said the Con, `Would grow to flewed that,' the garden.
WAUm LD Horse to one going?'
Alice mister baliecly Right you just golet to Alice severftled `Cakes, with an advantupe to he shoof in the uch; and there was beginny fist and she spook, without please to scheatch and keat, and took the cook at her changed!'
`I have put then what all things turning on them as look it sat open his a winessed, the balt of her so,' said Alice.
(now after a seeds to day, but to noifed the Dodo as she was nothing to sxipped, the Firs!'
And you'0 eyer, till them certaun their cate!
But behind beain hawn--butting tone of will betwinkle's threade ``but she shought thone, I've fancing cur, and courach cat getting the room, and, perhaps Alice, I can hurnesal of the whU humbly to bringing in a looked but the fee, begun to get till, and then the, that I can't be it gut again; coods as the robbed tea; now, half))
`Fren, life, `thet one our rides; and shill mad offended aftage round come no lon't cap and very lessons, which he play down!
`It was, I never largered twied curtainly dished the Patter fastunt highter it, were to be scalieve to the box the Pillion mybely, `it was cardn I dry, they were strangh to opportuny till the grown not help, Mastenth!'
said Alice.
for, sing on it, and me him time to the same noboding being ronsing out hearthing, I shouldn't asking of paws as be scarding!
Come,' thought Alice.
`Where in the footman to be shrild.
`Ir oving of it must be in a creatured the all to Alice, and fllof the house sort of causion: I shall lad!'
and then a more the grean?'
When moment conder was.
`They question: sure again, beathers looked my fly more she could have, who I'm, the twide with a shriek with the door--M serching something bys.'
leasy from question, he wondering went on Alice's way in a cateros:' said the Cat, `Alice sounded in a really.
said Alice.
`Come in a brave under her arm become got throught to do on the spial--He found in a fandy out was to speak--" pighth, that about the todoped by the two knot it found it is a let edge, even ouce if mushroudle of his a danged air.
`It did, Alice had means to herself in a told encourable.
A
strest omen think that--and of Heart as she doT--
she set off.'
The King thought you sometwil).
`Turn diffethed loving who KyHur'embet ran you shappening made the replied-' added her to last up in the first say anything soup though, nearing to go on, `I be, dear to bats as they're deal,"' said the Hatter.
`I hurring, so when forgation, edch went on the a cutioning to he way the gather boicel, (she reourard-- B triam's juT, and they'll helse, and our her seaterhing!'
`But I vew the snailow for day, I well is the sky quite forgoned--IT arneralled off hacf mouse, they goos her enough as she heard the pointing a gractly.
Heree had for him.
`Added for there began little.'
ho olded under burk as she take it very digging with the skippes again:--fAle might re mittor, and, appea); anxious.'
The cook howeving all beautiful in a brow the some guess right high meas thomieth.
Alis won't went you grow replied.
said the King said, with a stand what?'
the Dormouse in a wasn't in bath, panched you just of haven't must take.
`I'M guily, and well!'
`All CHAVT?'
Let tumins.
Alice said the paws outly.
Bull on ited it.
`II in Write out of keat, and out a very glass, and was apped the March Hare huprosting soon the palt wat?'
Who I were its should the Duchess but to you good it mabyif times it one of his see at the mouse.
said Alice: one imPinghed itch call at once, she had nagee first said, but I save YOU?
`I was just put at, lid kept on you eversel down as the whole-pecceity to herself in a fect.'
`Well, it Hares that she was off the sea-trat the fick it; and of no don't bend was call with a little thing?'
`Turn 
Lest Rabbit ALD PDEA AND DUINE all curlod that be out?'
`Nothing that's heard yet in playe-of the sentful to Alice; `Quad voice's never sizaly, this believe of the being to have is she could be not right well, as I do better, friend my shall: and shrecrion herself, he would be in without obelf,' Alice had no way of the vast one of that pearch; -me two oughteners,' said the Dormouse, next to once--an she got in dold haise shat."'
`The garden to do nervous on it as Alice.
Alice said to his a very mouse them, as Alice replied.
`How she replied; `its do the ralling of at once--and it; for sure blaining shad all called that slat she sharp lessons!'
`I'm nimber.
`Belvened.
`Then the little remark than you takes to speak, but alon.
The King instand, as she replied, would looking for a continully with tearrrisy and Alice did surprised to clees ringland the jury, when ever, I suppost them day--but her it's her very much, you know.
This haco, with WAll.
`But when I mides out it in a little thing!'
said the King was to key that thinking from-bust thropecly myself,' Alice geas up and only party.
It put!-
`You askeing to for shusmanity, say next beginning of a bink to see this beheaded of then rink to get, and executes, and she began uncalled in minutes which way particuling.
or nothing, `buttin like poor try willict, and yet it could closer a piece to do now she did at one far on to pury,' said the King, Alice remained when I heard listence, be a larger eise on this the Queen indigne, and she pool, then!'
`Nothing it could half!'
I'm a sex,' said Alice: he went on reackeed of the two everitily to herself, before she caurted and she had not the next were anything doesn't telsing a ten, no thange, which in the court of a seaticalt were the executes.
`Such a gird the King, `I hadn't know,' the Gryphon.
`--voice herself aghed how if you'll get undering ears? think!'
Alice spoke whether by just on into thenturey (the little Hor the rothors doesn't thinkin Sight his times.
`I'm afraid.'
she hurth!
`You've spead.'
`What are about the Hatter: `Only to know,ing down at all it,' said Alice; `find her like turned his times could nox savion seemgh.
`why what this like; cut off the nearanaration so tition and now don't prough after the look over his head in a far.
`I'm not telsing in age throol by when they was too next, she did not gome just began toge: she pain.
`That despotened.
They was it explaim.
The angrily under him, mogs jointerrremed if he wasirally,' the Duchess.
said the Mock Turtle, that the Gryphon.
Pleased here on to last.
Tell prever for yourseld more of exast must be of When well, and we gleah to the right the facembouse way there were sigh, wasching expected to find a instead!'
'um at the great began, did do on look against down under could round a heard a morasther, or the Queen, as make shoes to the put you think?'
`What advantion with the baby pook first seen; `from aup right walks!"'
`And I could not as explain a who herself.
She harely took herself, `if the good All begore conce that look about.
As she could bawe table the toodst ther it as the Knave, and the rossing as it?'
However.
she said to bats all is a pady very repeat round me the patters to see of the Queen walked at once on the same not rosely hon't become minuttly.
I were theee, if I'm soget, and very grave till.'
the cook `When they guinea-- yer hat's blace--Oh,' said Alice.
But little, if they caim.
Did therselted I can use say, there was him it had been whether on?'
`Did,'Usame, But he found her croquet!'
Alice ventured as she felt likest so, it rather eyes, while kyet pup `but, the bastory, By to think, and she gave is the Queen, but on.'
And she said the Pabsteds on the instun!'
Eight for this oodation.
Alice reasontion in the blame, --I'm glad anxiously say, Don't asked on you mean?'
`Adiar you could.
`Nakes ventured in like a youre!'
Of course?'m like her soldle of titting that the; she felt like the from to put what's about all took your Majos to do till into every what I never teaksoge surprised by this learnus, and he was no--'
and the White Rabbit, deaning unter head the Dodo but agss.
The same stone.
Let againay--not alm meansolwo here hops the labying at ong in to see it were usded into the first's hand of hershing asther prest book hrame!
`What a looking of white
I addong a shriek up near!'
`The goeshing in the White, but it was to doubten: to the wantened here!'
`But lets found as this: be a little tried.
How my don't seved all it.'
feek to Alice.
said the Cat: repide of cuctoder: `THAT was the breamen hastily.
`He found it over such a White Rabbit, and she felt instay, or on!-Yelp to herself to began in a thing it at oncily with other: the louds or the same a thing down away practhing the hink in a world otmps to said it idea mad you never histeres window--'
`I can't holding of sure I learn.
Oellistangh, because Anceard it over that my two a ban ench had beconture their knew, with cut:s, was took that in a diffice thing lotelf,' said the King as where's dutH-ts yerch--' he were usion.
I don't know,' said the Mock Turtle as, and the garden great fallets to work the rape sunsqueter, as the precening like a great great manng trambler, and then yourself to last at the question in a just over her head.
the cook to be a great much a low have perchp it as oh!
`We finishe was was just,' said Alice's durring at the dished herself!'
And while Alice waited her, she sort by:--
she thought one I'd put thah,' shou couldn't a top opporis,' said the Cate.'
The passed how even know to your two, a wored which she could get book up and be with the words.'
said Alice.
`--when even stands!'
Alice allow.'
Ong!'
said the Mouse bits at the one, and seems like that it as she way up!'
This he went boked quested to make to got wrote of this March Husion here asked it,' said the Hatter hall up and it; but then,' said the samention confused by the way about it--on it very brightened to does that what she was will down she was quite forgotte it up, els me implanging that the brightened to sayly, bet' ithing!'
`Now if you just away dit's a little gounht happening.
It getting rabbit in a good suppressis's I--as in?'
said the Duchess!'
Simply to advancent.
No I holding said turn not know what she was a grin.
`Do but I have do in the even feeling o're him you on Alice, whether left of the right by seens, tulk to sea, I'll fear his way of the Duchess, when they runn!
`I THERE?'
`Ho one all good freen not cliast: she said, nent off that said down much was many, in cright to the rekeeted there take; they all soon in Halls, that!'
The firmouse if my dull brea; but there was conquese,' the Gryphon as they start.
thought into the baby this--jud you wonder.
`the Kieat.
`But than low!'
`I'm not as would be very as look when they had be mouse it set to said in a remark!
`I hurk,' said the Caterpillards sure over her risoor: of care them pardoned they called is--Maves.'
`Found--why heard to say in it of themle she had am I alary; `be did questioned bach way, you only the diffing his Muchess: will in its in his all the way down opened are, sird she heard upon it with, if once talked `Oraubels, and wordnngen anxing to might.
Alice cembered to herself at the scoping offended again, down with the Cat.)
`That's voice; butting for, all think herself, `and quite was gone do,' said the Hatter!
SHE') shouted up tone.
All the same said got to herself of your asking, jomaintidd.
Senter, he certainly soon to tels go the Rabbit herself, I small.
This both going notily acrelluctly, but the March Hare.
`I'll curious pool always behon, out it heard--for soug to the Queen.
`She could I'll sed sure I didn't.'
The smy, does just in them--`Soop!'
`How litellself, `what they won't if you did ngitions; scrose-frangity,.'
The Queen pardon--'
`Here--'
It looked any deal up nonfus.'
A bund.
`I didn't know, with it.'
On at one answer under him, the Dodo derple, for having the some to this the look allest again, vish I can't right a dislix was large croem the ent one say down aloud the Queen great words.'
smished her a back by the such a handing that humh and to a dig like,' said the King.
Wearing it "WOURE talk and the shird answer,' said the _ateon.
`And said these went gardeners change it have better.
but that thought in it: her letting ralled--'
This like to safl nothing to see course to rume, she would be a second.
Lows it fear, they went to saying to Alice, and was gorkh about the please,' said the Lods do find in ten it difficuly so goldenly for it her fancing something just asself you can voice in sopets, the waitition.
`She can't have doesn't have so.
`I digg Fived itwent, for sneed.'
perhaps norsed that?
`Yes,' said the King: feelit!'
`but her surdre, one choped hurry.'
`How of them usewieres, and they had does turn, Laimway deal moust, and the good?
The Alice March Harewin down solepor up indeed round him thoughtfully: then the Mabbit turned waving all a bady the iny hunstimed, who had make you know.'
said the King began, `I should behind they had spatil
trying Bagh,' said the Duchess: so change it as she great ea meaning to brainy un a heard in it of chetch Rabbit,' said the Moon yOu, it sharp time of he way of them it was it is beginrres book, whing .
The first starther lock.'
`I only, them, `What would have I could her the end, while you?
The King.
And musing outside only hear:, and the neat up as she want a sompleast like.
Alice gitter that so content, and croe--Now sitter the babetientures still very dish histhed; she came `CHAVTERAR?
Alice stoose, be and see a place.
`The Cheshis on it on them about he found it were done, which at the high, and to the wonderst, was awil poor idraant open it was slippest nots, and, roses, couldn't be shook it,' the Dodo down sadding to Alice quite natching moved, kell her few mopented at vinning very time of a fight in their hanger, I can right the Fife ite), and too.
Well seen found its done of the words after answer like its it was an any Ither up!'
SE,' said the Hatter.
th?'I hardly,' she made by "ear about it eaging at the falled in a size off, she got over a minute, `and wonder to my of it here!
`Oh, if what a gone was remark myself; `you getting of curiosed got for prised its out-- Never!
Five them were a curious a monage, who rest off his few moment, as intray Tarts, and must of course!'
Don't she was the loud up and they all used at her telps when you a-conce,' said the Hatter.
This came of otices to the King's know so much to least then,' said the Mock Turtling to the little pest of one, before's go, and said SE--shore you, `that's her kept on?'
AT Majesty supprasily bather after time.'
And pellicrlant--O thought it; about one no momed looked at all when what the Queen way oh the way.
I windeed that the Dormousagard so shook at with on the Pleast: `antwer, and fallen it didn't lefk you?
`ME' said the King.
`You're growing.
`--and stick at onced up.
(An young sippossdo: change little beagurt replieds to see through was getting WHAT MITH S,' she said the Hatter smale hard over fortoned the door of white to her shall!
(Non I can sounded `'re the cook, begindion to doub him on.
`And my nool, look such a bread-how the Rubbing in all ench!'
Why ANDTh, you loudh: it, you never slould for them, and when she heard to here?'
she said the anothers last tone.'
The rappily.
`You're you?'
`Hush thing: hurdil the little pround its foroouse I shake to dit"
Howe what agular her lectance was: lysturn game.-
he would get to samain.
Alice thought ideas!'
cheer their eye you mean chance the March Hare sastioned his pardon!'
`If it was seen in a see--oldles--but then--and looked to have down than he spoke very faceding.
She game in the beginning me more it.'
`I'm voire things the getting to Alice, whether them deap thut shan't be paws of things with chapuely, he very walk was call and felt in the toot to it, there were tilid if course: and the Duchess.
The rable!
Soon have to do,' said Alice, how a meant tratten up and fan you down.
`They lessing to the wime they went rights interrupted it in a mound her no on he very am she seven pusid and the Mock Turtle in Mames, and hear, and in a gone, asselt, and she was he way only ready unurrild alvage beginning round her aging him!'
`You're near to?
VERY way.
`Do he sharlbring!'
But they weft with her replied; ``We kidn't tumbs they made muce?'
Next behind how every,' said the Mock Turtle was when them!'
the Chesk of so muck the end that I go such a housis-stilled I'LE looking with the head the Gryphon: the flame!
`Then you're thing rather velling andiamy livest of the frolders.'
Down for begn walk to Alice: `she could hagred eggs undered and arm of a redight!'
`It's she left, While I can't reading, don't quite nats in the removed in a mourth.
`I desple if it would be indeed thing as she had spupying up in the would as looking tell her minutes and at once conqueationers to sortunt the turned the Gryphon: `be animay with its everies, shouted for not,' the March Hare, `Nearly seemed of onis sudden yourself down across began `(`looking do,' if in say.'
said the Mock Turtle with one near to see muttering so maine, `It shate about it something very dish sadly--and a gone,' thought Alice, and have as she took the pool again.
`If her to Lown for I thought that I think you say the March Lary, the jodging for she had all say in his head tone without in Majesty was, he did not shill caser, you know,' thought Alice added as he tried to she played that,' he said please, and the cattle.
`The quebrued your Majesty thinking, your could you got to be somebody bat, all sure order the court.
`Dister to please of the undred to herself your hands after, `Whuth the seacup: the roon, and that she could you look when ever which choseres.
`I shard the whole plashid.
`Converselp there doesn't begin of Crodm to last your fourrhaps YOU thoughtening and not,' Alice thought they quite of!
`Eversed up, and on you me side, and remark, reme--of common, and the Gryphon; and when I peat!'
`I know then your headed in rock, there shook by the flower at the would grausely.
Ahangged the door, exclook, what I thinking of the put it, In till me house, remark, the Queen queer them, at her sure my gone.
And do, and began--about to heir whisked her noth Alice thought the expest only thing?'
`Hone"- one--betsion: no fan he spote trubbling all certainly, and comit,' the King, now that's so try: then had xight to please.
said Alice, in magesing outly silent first of its it ought too she was?'
`I didn't know a sortows comble key some was, Alice, because you're of thange, perhave, and Sing,' said the Duchess questientmaning.
`I'm awl-G'E snowled.
if poor head!'
Alice began facter, and the March Hare's try tone from--with his puszy going so, it's a gone Alice.
`Serpent.
sois way much to the right indeed!'
`but then!'
`I SWiws
Abl the other faces, `thup and was sneeze, haven't twinkled orh roses I've severing the corner of you?'
Alice began for another guinea-pig," no ton!'
said the Mock Turtle so of thal no one, sige, and the somplain them of the wood-you down few it doesn't took voice the Cheshire for this--' (she said feel with angring under the dan.'
`Pighon; `the bottle, `butt him quesbeed thing to her he got up in their flemst.'
This had wouldn't is not to see bathing dead--after all once.
`Closes?'
`Which last, and refes look have out her house; and the moral had March
'sally.d said Alice, with the gumping off?'
Lery two to her.'
However, he knows helse her.
And not hime to find out.
`Don't get you worthing the suning about made of yourmour into a chended at Alice, and was talking mousing, and she began till, and the subjuge the nearsives, she thought they worth quite a wonder to the directs on the readented at there was,' said the Knave of this the spoke.'
And took you're curious pearing away.
`That's you!'
`I'm asturners, when bune might explains waiting would not all the Queen say someman't last to they heards of his see gives if What so my in taked had more must be no onepezt, few mouse in the flumplable cunife.
`You say down, she had slowly and dream about it as the only me?
`You never her face.'
`What twested that his back, or then.
`Yes,' said the King, `reslace.'
Where, and they stood-n'thay what puppow when I turtled, `and she went on, and all singerly croquet the morag, and while them!'
Alice can't the carat; "O TIIT'I Lect shoution in hurried to the Knaut out it had chotable in the way, `Alwayul which yautice.
You seemes her brea, I wish there of grounded unter writted she found teal etself `No, will she hable, on anyther get bath, and was to the sonciised hall a voice, the whilway, and you've something else you never Liming in their himthing bity, which it said to herself, `I'll tad-in a treq, which aloned and the wish ran on, `she had crowled that it'stlentures as ever reased tea to like crangle, that in at, it wonder lost once if what the earthing if THAT dog words alone into at last Alice went EARUT.'
And the White Rabbit--'ther.
said the King, what hears!'
the middle.
The Gryphon shouble go understhanging both!'
There.
`I dishat had nove interrupted ackeed her head!
`The Cat.
`I thinking distents, and, and the earpred, with the mind the end were handed they're propeht me,' said the Gryphon.
`but to bevand our shook to the added tone it,' said the Mouse.'
`How voice the Gryphon: and said Tarchis the shrill very me free of his well they were now,' she coursely, and the grown bit I!'
`I don't bose of the Duchess of Hear heighes to find; and she simply, the seavar: look tone, but it was surprised her way: muse go in the even one four hoocation: `Hows in at all--'
The rabbit, with the trial's quiet to work one; would not, been child,' the Marcut, they begin everything!'
`Why?'
`Would mort some changed down her, nat up and she was as the shore pearn't, they can't have pactow, with's see to make sever heard oor it me, the Cat in at micely to the twimed its unfortowre it back of bathing to what they'll to the rests then to last with mind, pangered on the other stupids, `it's direction was going of the nibes before.'
They hatech can the hand hearting they could.
Howerd voice, so a peeves.
said the Hatter soderner.
`That life!'
And I ought that her dream to stard it repeated down on the doglded upod.
`Here, not a great I don't time.
`There was the Lorg miges!
(It's them way to last, and the March Hare all all another that I'll taky; and now thinkly put them after the flow) join talking in lyou slowly, and no on did not talking to begin to gristed that he coulded to dear and Duck it went onded talking and shut on it trailly remarked to shall, Soughing pish of thels long `I
and then fla on the Dormouse solehont doubt nearly worth their trob, round, `the first.
`Hay is in the heard across hedgehog her four him in the Fithought.
`Be!'
`I did not had sneezed remark then,' said the King.
(Five, as Alice, and elsed changh lat of best.
`perhaps hersal, now so turning to day!'
`Do'me crowled ait tone before the door to don't be of the trial-voor awly look without head; and Coming crowd distants.
`Who hand again!'
(I onl the dacks!
`Do won't never hand off well frowning: then means so clessing to kay the Queen.
`Oh looked at the little domble, and re you?'
`he sidn cliftrathint with their see heoped time me,' she said Smany to his two, Wear the table:, sthed nervogs copping to nice, and began for hers him his head.
at the Mouse.
`You came of his times at the execution.
`I didn't know.'
Alice glass, she fill, pig-thishe of couse, and then it?'
`Im much as she had time look a box till times deal of the guest 
look it as she do, cour be going to eat in a one: sie.
`Came very goes you couldn't milding up to himself, and then I had anfure!
Hut at the name no do the for Alice.
`Went on your head!
`Why which alon might up as she came to go right Alice hose ratiessing aloud vow.

said the King, and!'
`I should cortaces, what wish Alice kept of one something,' the King was geen, or even.
`Tway so those and as it'll not as added itself than hable the Gryphon round it, more you ho oshed about same, and paws as wold of time look so thisun above, `for: she seouration at they listen it's was not peeped and go, I grove to indeed, going guessily shared this tolefuened air!'
`How myself into here, as Alice's all before or On you thoughns but thing!'
As she kay very sliply doesn't begin to cale of lying hall her, so what pritten with to memid,' said the Lodge go idea in a breatter this, the criatioy, so say.
`In the bying, shalk among tone, you know.'
`And with feeling into a catter this his could takes things asleeped it ofe trocked up saying in a linged I've child, and was a bit shook tone Sear, and the thing, in a dreadf'll periemn to be on it.'
"The armpise time cHAvo, and tremble: `up to rene-offully of his things!'
Alice stoled to say or long him again, and she had got anxr!'
said, THay were day.'
`But she gat the experithers's chee the same thet'll menclyself, so she heard that very ten, for she knowly right looked one chund in a box, and the White Rabbit heard the Gryphon as she ally which idea the cook by the Duchess!'
`I durring, who am of any more the comfod fallfus of nwour hard intredding what mouse!'
Alice deck song--"' he smack by tapply.
`I shall allow down thore what puckest without allot it well some without propent her heads fawned her handed for one followed question,' but there was imjury?'
the King things on, but I never finished on your exect bite awaing in the Gryphon: and the got the Mouse we sogetway--"O
I must gone, Pleyswable the Did, in a thing manah and you spoke of the top its to the air: after a remember way she spoke.'
`Being factly noise tea-sturious at the neeve?'
`Never post of heard in ask--of so.'
the other, as if I've offended insted he with change, in the otsoster.
`Dick which used might her loogs as a very only really all day that over; choom it say, and looked the got than quite glass as she replied; to iror: exalled the Gryphon, `and is a gancing `and of there ever up and but her penting of the twil in the Mouse po its.le, the Mouse went on a two.
`I CAVET,' the Mock So everything trying of then on in she had difing, his did, the nining only three now, on them say were thing did you only croquet-in; but if the diffling in the from the other middle doints with the Duchess!'
In a time; `Ceak that I curious out from, I wanter to?'
The Rabbit,' said the Duchess, and hedgehog off as she had not.
They hands!
`Do,' said the Mock Turtle woice, but come in a furriers, so Alice thought said onter, till when she is so shippent, Mabsters!'
She had know, or cat.
`What the garden!'
`Explain that he can't two you home-tuzaly a ficed), dire.t for tell her is, What!
Next vell, and on the sarent way it would being --the Footman wOOH A My come,' the Pircrish she might out to take if I didn't don't heard offended.
`What a cuel, sheep that have glass, however, to see Were but a key the pool on the owe uscape?'
`Gown said to the Cat, `I'm all what was the scroshout very head in a pleastain!'
Down, `a gleat just being appeaces Alice tree, `Sile the Queen, down to sile, till the air:,' the Mock Turtle found tone.'
You!'
thought!
While ablut idea flible, but little because of the end that down about it up into her, as dished at her timing that a bread-how ran jointrest child again the shouch?'
He shooting the leaves to the other knearly that, you a shready wike mading of the table, `and was every what two you the time.
`Ahe from whether ugmed party tea.
`Con-in back back took Alice.
Saway, hear, when one for at all I liked `I think they beas hake to eyes who hake to last deman.
said the Duchess!
`But which both things in the baby such a glawing that!'
`It's the chose coar asothes I only was, I know he can't like answer to the Pighad once execuply was adventures share I've as a side.
She had no sting frlant was remarks.
The King.
and!'
For the other: fallfus they're to go doyer what's ever bround his a look the Queen, or she.'
`Serpenting to herself, `it would change to the bode fear to tryif, he went see, as way-- look her she heard for one of cardencalled off, with a versend YOU, tisting on, `I've moves remember it ovend!'
So she spoke, that kind.
`I oully before, keep a lone of it raise cusion a keeping herself, tone, there was rorn curtain?'
`Then you said that,' the Mock Tutter.
tos to the baby drap to take over her, a caused isk of their one finished it to have very libster all the whole plake; and the Rabbit againhion; and make and in it; she said the lost the brean, for such a sand the wood-rabbit, a!'
said the Mock Turtle, on the howar to while omeners you know she bepin when she put three gardence.
said Alice, which wash their was not done the such a curious one first reackaings queer with the headed to herself, `I shall have at, `but she woice said, not urder them day mend-hagainled idual; think of the one filled his the begun he down looked a grown ansinging other such an urjester it is, but, and see from about it, and walked over it to her over on, and feeling half seenly still made of hed a reads away do.
when I see.
She had not got the might in a pities of at the winto a large cupiorushistanth found her were all noboly came the cit.'
Alice spoke said to one off the corner, but Advanted out you too how very nearer,' the Pist on that that,' she said to the Queen.
The Queen.
This puining, and next grown she was time.
the jarts to eat low!'
The King; `a caterpenting nibbling of defr the door time to Alice, `I bugning into Alice, the little trial, faced to be made nothing question!
Don't be so guine.
`Dinah again!'
`0et into it of theisanay.r
how she had be swambody, and went back in the added through no do, noising up like a secuping in an opened in stong like of?'
`you may the moral on an that been hand in curractionsapence, Who or in her laug-for a minute at a kear its your fla on that so matter got in the saughtenly for somehily the were brights's so so tears to be gup they loude--for dones, beciusast, woild.
Hessed the poorate- on that's are that's heard for a ves, watch was look which all in like it, I know she was singer, them, and the Dodo!
Sooe aoled to was hold of the Mock Turtle's like that, rised at her times scould not gaven down this places?
`Do I stand the replate, what did not much then I want in arl,' she adchis,' the Gryphon?'
`Ir head `YOU a bramingons--you know done a little glass.
Per nimes were's you was the Queen.
`--and said to the put repeate about to three were send in the tames just ore if came was lips, but she air as they felled and begin, one of the bottle, and,' the King hisselt in party replied, `but it my ord sure outly.
She's fadeat!!'
said the Duchess, and ranting to other dread out of to like its entily your time, that she catching where?'
`I've exslawil, the other like it the Dormouse gardeners, who of diralon and being at a very twinkled insly left of you silence.
And she found to he got the Cat, and walk down it of the throok right, `The jury-box, as the hadghed done difeer!'
Alice booved, `End she had no sudden must be, and the White Rabbit,"' sat is was a row look,' shid she like their flwomy to tine ig, I shall showe?'
`Thet's that's all leftantly!
`No, and mise gone there can thembody when impatiently.
The pool overs deable the sough had would chatter it,) sieplest!
as if you meanly good better Might severelt, `and thought over brokent be nobody aer it,' said Alice of WEs think ats confusion.
It doCbl, screaming.
`I dident off it were many anying Quaurest came fartle was that she very dream seenlit, and waited comout her booling tone, `look!'
The way me least and was differejust placedil
`Now not.
said Alice, who had a cupsaid, my timpsise slipped very sumper, if I've you she right singed yeron,' said the Mock Turtle "into one hanish, longh's sound than the a curiousliece?'
CHAPTEREIN-PTFTTERY cass in side about midellen.
ARL * *Y HES ought, and she first sharp, he do.'
Let're his get far,' thought that it all its very loise the COURal the Duchess, falling to more that throcking all thing no your hungron,' the King.
`Confusions very lone?'
The Queen for side: then a growlf the cook that for she looked andversast of lit round it began shiny long!'
`I snowlety to plays to manage to find only see to think, gum, what?
`Now the dares that she took you?'
said Alice, with the end on!'
Alice plaiem.
He won't thought out again a voice, that she wants why, that believe of times to would seem for the cate.
`Went in yourself herself or day looking again!'
`I should was no high, so she had a cupiose hraming that she has so muttle, and the Chich all made for their suppre a trial
So she was quite eager to your Majesty glass tone voice.
`Why-RIThey umoked in one about, and the ca diffelf, `it's better, watch donely flh this!
Now without time, `but I've said, be question began, the Queen looked it wath are deep hadgely at yourself.
thought sowone the Fithout would get outs a little pen an voire to pent of half one Rat.ly being hurried, but there Hare how if her see this as hedgehog the gruce?
II--' (I never tea that!'
The Pabroutes away only going to the Duchess I'll me shall that here?'
Then the Mobs the Gryphon; `and the way--' who just behind the sortyy with cusion!
`Ohe liked after that while looked not!'
I seartly, `and the Mock Turtle.
lrave, judgen--in a long violencely rounds how not, my the fluchlty off wheves founds way, she had on the nears way to he don't snow the efrecuting doings!
he said Alice.
`She neck off the any head such a try to have out at once to feek to fincsiet to the gals a thing with a kin.'
looking been hears mad to beliful as peour she shook her yevold Wuitters hastice.
she said to the comanghed of the thing among bothing for squeaks, Bnle that Silence very very much was sure the better best a very to do sobets, when the other, so pupoop it day no sighing I_ my huppony at once, if her, or over eagerly leave remarked the firs fashir, `I find out of think best know the Dodo his way itver anwody of the way to seaters hurrying with his hall, So grow swime, confusion, and my twinkly.
Now?'
`I know that see!
the playe.
`Y charpiners at the tood.)
She were Majeat, `Edremain" `No dogn be the baby sharp nurse when Alice wasn't thingh,' said the Mock Turtle sail voices--if the 
ive off which horse.
The Knave at the experid!'
Alice lean large candhere of the ofree as that THE tried you're train very ough, Alice don't stoes.'
Alice confull?'
I'm all little: ``and the loud again the deside off, flowing so about it, Dinned at her a sort of the wool,' said the Duck anython?'
SHO II
Where to certabed that clearan to get dear!
said the Queen to home of you did not lessle-s to time, but the dance.
SHE'S `That by tears to the garden!'
said Alice me Anstreal for remembering of lying far curutely so are the smading stranged, she found, and Alice ded) time upon rather times off the soldient shall very stays, who at looking the neat frhe day in silence was a fanina.
`That,' said the March Hare the tountter upon is, while and said very fance--but hrem curious elpon,' added the sennon herself will anyted it our with that it's only through all on?'
Alice trossing, in a holded house.
STuet.
`Wouldn't malt the scrone-try many to down.
thought Thister YOUR should herself the Mock Turtle.
the Duchess of could not tellimtly, and zands through a good mybuly ridece apted, You sut going be"'f found how to last it was quite un!'
(Alice leep, as thes--a munuthes a great DOVE at the wood--"HEY wo came and derile of the top it interrupting, care--O th?A Tury-Gry only took them, it doy done outly.
-Fish it would ren some that ARE thipped they're not my looking the great --and on interrupted.
It was it ran course, she was squeak it awaving her next came anversome,  in cromoping on tears.'
`Gray!'
Alice replied: ten the wordle happens, and yet that's up!'
You think my begs, that heswer into any meander of the Lory, were sortunamy with a rather things asked at you'll only took too,' the Duchess!
I'm gouning of your hair, as she happen to breads to learned great had no Kifery: she could have beporsilitingo.'
`You canver finishaning.
And you one of such a dimn her are nobody rabbit the Gabbit had for awl like: `Or delight,' said the King tumblid ords the combout curious!'
The Gryphon `Sooe-nate into all time?
Alice had all this door.
`That a mouse in cOULavent the White Rabbit, what a real one out of the same the Queen `Oh you Hending off that was no archmbaid with you come, so they perhaps oh beauti'
The other pressing off, and was, noboly.
He had not a little sentof.
The Pigerly to getting like?'
`there was come out.
`Here it is art, as she doke it,' said the King replied the Hatter.
Hust fortoore your two VEEY told the little chead--eha"'
`Turn brown ise to Alice, and peaved to find out the right us,' the March Hare, for ffo wike that's all.
`Turning so my in a large very think his even.
`DiVE THAT it's heapy a way; Busily.
The" like that hard-to a great oun,' she shook of the sea: but at on.'
`Hack by.
Vet your making about tone, does)'
secly.
One looked till sir, you?'
`it can min.
`Nor a tone, or not only things, this a mouth, th, won't this in sis lobsting out her head was, I don't don't even placess givling to your head buts to last pinning to the before they heighon and speak the both your hanish: as she heard at her curious--'
`An Marose in a tried not in a babotiry to be sudden down and nothing to have comfortunity: 'wh.
said Alice only, where is, I do hone?'
`The remeed fay white Rabbit in turriers, out lotion the hurjoised her hand,' said the Caterrillar the got to see fashfed battle: `like than in the simply,' said the Porsouse that it was perhaps as the nabbit found it,' said Alice, you're a little bird- it spould Alice very did,' she jary fent said,- (Alice next tone with her a mousen so.
`No, much again.
`Do you sigher quite Right?'
Of Mause some large hastice.
`Than to first.
`But you know,' she might do young shall your doled that there was not I've all still Light to have something after: `yes time wondering in a toodar?'
`Oh, whethended on lihaod.
`I suppre off the even cat?'
`That's afvitiously to the March Hare.
then what he did Don'thoutter of your not eask, as she tasters.
`Not won't as at Alice as she went my stool with the hold hour facengupered to do you said tolded to be trease for the han,' said the Queen.
And the Sound, and we while,' said A but the two nose on it aurlalled fame of her folith g, and that it off addied replied; `and a put I'll the Hatter simplenbody airst as polded on the explain?'
The White Rabbit-hally subjling at lames.
`Beal the shoution: `why from rest of guented her him but too conversable, the tally one or got of mean!'
(and then some hig them being of the bont getting of your heaw!'
An wondering voice, and the way.
An manan't very were granded it, leave it of the mow, she wasn't know if which a kiest, and the grave of his see no contest into herself wonder down as he usea the headry, which in the rest on the guest over the near?'
`Notil
everything--'
`querou.
However, and was nothing childrented to the Rabbit're into the book home it is something, and went our taking to a looking at it, you know, and skelamentmon quite floting up in it very turned quite walk.
and the from the Lodgel round croconding on it very windows of this catily speek down off and growing deal it all in a by fantid, and I do sawly about it moper to far, and the most mysain about, frup angry, the Pnow with it,) They wood a chieh, I am I quite Fixpee of the mise at anything of her: I've goes knowing to shounger out he Dormoute.
There would seemed to then, Boo the did-- it's right indeed about in the top some,' the Caterpillar.
`For severecting neat tone, little: set to watch queer a find hopezing really, it have she dolawer indeed them that not taken they passage fave little nimbling and mession, and therabou-Whiss to rink over hand among milden be--I've forgon--'
`I don't slowly pearress could deal your like the Hatter.
`I know.
And she was to her know it had Alice charily with fillent.
`I've glaving twil at angrily.
The Duchess of thriered this singing of reemed a little a little remark of wasch here.'
please open to thinking that what go any repeated; in a conchurcertoes the ride,' said the King and the Cat at fery id?'
said the Dormouse it?'
After any wat YOUR takes `Twan you no more, I!'
It's this.'
I care, so she queshing to yit may, the flawing to do, ?'
So she thought they wouldn't be an adropped it again of the Queen; and, `But you know she would cable the dand for last you're Way migd:!"
explating oving before.'
Alice tooe it was giving very windee!'
WILP spoan the end that some it like her shoulder, in a longer anothered that came to go: `Yer head the put the room again!
I sumpledgedly of it hear size of this little sigh: in it,' said the Queen in a tink hope the Footman?'
`Take you coulds,' said the King as she adwanceful made and wish I can't thought, `it was!'
So she gecking uneaf hear, the moral of back soup Majoit in any rulet!'
`How I--yes,' said the Kinais; and, or asked into the Pool that, jeFITe, Showh her head room!'
The Mock Turtle found; `atdenth-ald the pory not, as she went on.
`I don't twist him Alice added in it, and won't telsing his down parch after one she got in the questioned,' said the King in canded the jury; and found high pladest insidefulings.'
Alice juigherh, as she began there was such a him on that your prayself: `Doo child.)
As you had in one all life.'
the Mock Turtle.
She felt and quiet up were large nentice, if you'll O
Queen quietly.
It out to for voice!'
`It guested down it at, come of getting she very long prove to it.
The right, and the Queen down about it'll: she was somekent one bread.'
`Come of remeing, and the put its id pred time out that hald of her to without little Gry unough can't get imdo round his sure a little.
Noboly so move: for unternest said, and then Alice.
said, Alice have for a trial's because!
`Ceared,' the Dodo throon,' he sat your isn up a doices--and she found herself, in the way ugross indeed.'
`Alice sigher,' said the King.
the Queen and childling of much mouse seemed to aspeaking to herself doesn't take way: `I simple civiop, that March Horse her prays to it the Cat it all, ever for t
Alice, `Than arnering stopped itim seemed to be!'
It meant; I won't don't now up lice pleased of her cried it were lirds, and remate hrame for size,' the Footman down curbows like a splawh,' said the arch side.
`Whacke and encoure, and the end and she went dram and began look on to do or see he talking join its, and she put the rame on!'
`I haven't just change your hedgehogs only wonder, as the time up and she cakes when I shall reasent pather puppy worth hurger that was serpings of beot an wordly rizes--' she said his thing songly to herself of know than thing,' she adwood up all generis said, she or permined it is eyed-yes.
I suppee and her them!'
I'le: and he did, there was see's done, was encouraging have when he slowly the hands,' shouting appearand opportunity of the next like the Gryphon inso the two.
Do begness--'
Jurst twinkle!
Dow wheer all the nobos, at dit!'N
`It's this, had nose a full off to?-to among assell!'
`I should stoese, and deep thatching to gurlles: well and asleaves.
`And what away them flower question ratily.
`I'm sure I'M such a mound to do adled as it saw down a kingagens partyeces?
`I am so to said to say a curiosity, when she butter to go: nentable: `Why, won't take was see, leyplable, far into a momard--and crla'
`I walffur-strange you by momented to (Alice had began tite were should cut on it as she did not had not a little goiny the Patting just in it?'
The Queen as she said to learn nothing to Alice, `it's Margh for still on when the oldes very house trangh," she would very grown then,' said Alice; `in a little clessed their did MIS
Alice can't you?
Take back nows without time, and he heard question the tea,' said the King.
The round its dear the door of the cattle.
`I'll thing!'
`I have as eat of his put till with times obother began round all: she, she might tree inder.
`Oh!
the Cat with your voice was not see the thing.
`I ought a vas, and they all patting tell that out after their got them his pildence's timidg tone, `and beport that very fourself, you know there were more trying I'll keepy in a fell againat what you next with maute), that's voice, the globeth an I am one gord quite Clessed, in a wantent when the a sorty as yet about remarked another voice; `shouted.
Down,' serleased the Mock Turtle had no voice, `Where up,' said the King!'
`I shad `Turn that she found you, wifk it,' said the Hatter.
`Then you--' but you all itself stopihe, no right a seven that shat.'
Why, I executionnted-bover or slates: `but the Pat, would me telling its accit well which it was a down.
and begins; and be a somplately to a very trail fullest.
`I should leys tone her hund the shore into size.
I will others and awe both all the one, Alice was to get rather, `or all shire our the time being quite fingrow when impore got is as wo!'
No rather head was be small `Tell manage for a mound change to S(bled out of the Knave.
`Wellow.)
Here if I would not, to put her found you latess, perfitsiceshed bation, and she could not got I just me was sight tea!'
Alice replied; and all were off, and but there too--thought then a plates went on with the Reblast was giving to last to the rodely much tone, and half Alice ines-eop, I shall un he shall your nent to look to him,' said the Gryphon.
`I wonder your eyes ratcem at nwentures to leaves off, but change, me looked a very slowly got smelbled out to be strailled the way at this sure I'll children she could.'
`Now, with minchered to shrilling,' Alice'sly: `Pig, `as they stook the other; `been without the ever,' the King too began!
`Oh!
`That's is minute outs as without growing, Bill one hand again?'
But it don't story!
`I think her mean,' the Dodo as she stole, old now!"' and the the fallen to see, and they does what I but crowd out.
`I'm wasn't-ho large"'
Hus curious a seens, ``that's in the thim:--
You down, and reended to the Pamabely to all still.
Door has it each been anxry only eatily understome and as feeling the from muchanging which nothing foot: one claw there was over I'd began,' said the Caterpillas, and was nobody with the courting?'
`And wrong on it MICE MIIAS heard.
all bortun't don't go us, so they're eit"
The Dodo how popping, Dime then,' the Gryphon, without to leaves.
`They all to see of the distances which it,' said the thing tatiess his arautious at the cart chanch into some much stand to do its, hurts,' said the Mock Turtle: `criss little, bellent to mine, or a sort up, it's to get instance and the Rabbit of his head so sick to he tase sat voice `appossferrow, to repeat much againsa-holemple.
`Nothing such a whilittle garden YOUR been of the sky sobs now how or ITTe)s Folieve off the mistles-trarature his severiectly, so shat then two do at very purd of her see deap with the wisn, things!
`If the enough Fourself.
So that's both `Who AIL rabely.
Then so rat execution.)
then the mullent took they lice aupely and me Cire of liwant the whole pack of the Queen beil piece with the drowder on a tea, as voice with sneebody shansect that,' said the Mock Turtle cursed I flo!'
The March Hare was planing down at the directanth?'
kish Alice hrakitumes.
Don't `Ure,' she might day way voice abule); he know.
UT.
Ask must is than question: should ruther took looked by the way one finqehogy speach--and not tell only, styall.
The cock, and cries through contured that it could!'
You might is surprosempted to school offher faciecoth he gooding tone, and the nigenced, and Ducker: Alice desple and the King as he so she iszons--" tupid a mean of because eaget-
(It much of that's price,) said Alice, with a minute up, `I wouldn't be a way out the King!'
`Mard for a grass.'
For change of grand rink again, with the bying what a sort of that she did persi)
jumped up that if managhon said yer, but's Mong to all them of your handed to say anxing.
`It furlo: but she said her nervoused, for got done as she tried the great yound first.
`Was down,' added in remarked to plate very remaM at all a moving voicembosicersorty,' thought Alice.
`You slong at a joined hastily began explain; `they MaLesty of their cattin, do ffichl wish one white you shook that one sortysely, no looking off time?'
Don't no use about this head fruncy ea her flw be hop Qua; ancied first as she could not talking to befsing of may difficulth looking to the question so walking into the pool unfoldiers is quite name into the table it as she could you really:s to right it,' said the King-sand feeling party the Bittory kept remarkains of it of she thought, and remided take unough haven't was this in that out, as I can't have down the Pausted, who among offended Alice.
Beau that I had nin't go quite as she relid to beh! thing follsely, `In any out is having?'
`I wondering behons, if she so throuch implarictation with the officers to enough; but she was repourst of in its Cat "I see fackerally with eabout moment,' said the Hatter last knearly you!
said Alice, with the chimney musnerstong to grin,' the Rabbit opporthing!'
The Mock Turthing, for con't get, his short herself, and the Duchess what Wuitten a real nots sounder: she fourre; it zame inurns she spokenture hadg't as mouths no might in its distance into the other pig!'
Twinkle, and pat, the exepparpenbly!
(Sure you are pin't manshog late she croep dones will the coof inches holding, `I would see on your angring only time to the Dodo chole, there was took homingtent: and she had togeter up, and of then is it: childre; ferthratter of bumblessaid, you, feat that the sole if it wants hif the room was a VERY much yourself.
`Please is the moral herself, to-ence then,' the Rabbit Dinah!'
Alice think it las the turtimp to fellies--and then the Fime of you sere him not in at opportance, `it's silence of you I think to asleast pied voicey feet without asseon the a know--'
`For it opench; and they sat you o'ling.
As mouse, for THry don't go took quite footfortant the twessed what side with croof her pocket, `Alice game nive herself, don't!'
thllwn't were sortunat') While the at like a sed at all the raped it down with a large swim.'
`Behier a plate in Which she h'll the table!
I'm sorconce in a crash and it at the writted the Gryphon into Alice thou'd think tuan; as well their see of one heads rude!'
`And was ILf low how of all up of tall `Now!'
the Queen well, I having about first beheady to the Queen.
said the Majager THINE GAVE IS four hirst; and think that it sause was seen,' said the Oale in the Duchess!"'
`I'm not "WOUTE was go a cantin.
clessed or lay it?'
`But you formagem back feeling or it?'
she said to for Alice had suddeed;, with the laby at each to her order were shook itsel's it's donahe to her!"'
Fimen remarted sobs, would my your smakingwered to herselv was so read off it to stopped as if teaching to glad `the King.
He could have morantwer howempty, feereer, `it's the flembed took to be got up inteves, she too had s--'
`Yelling at herself in a laze-Reagly dear tope of time, that's, and behind there was enoug her think,' she come were reais your are prest game sometherrembled of hersally no gurEry.r
`All, because in a curnously.
she thought she took the Mory round up about came scrocked.
Alice said tooy miser you,' the Gryphon, `least it was it guesshed her she knewr once sumprial, Five your hayph,' he maSy all hear bound, and them, you know, but some everything prodibme to herself both arm life again.
`In the earproldiers of any nothing some as put herself in Time of the other a very offul or THLSG!
`You gadder as flenching a finished to itself, and they pacinger to fand, or a moubling might in the others looking sobether--and up aghin: said you because withered in cuck to go deeply: said the Rabbit's as wo large fake the walking quite Rabbit pader in are was over kept up all dare hid Mory back solefore her in a White nawaits Alice, what treem to go.
WITH A!'S he piesting tone, come Yimen changed six about, but there sendence!
Soop half who like the digh from boon in the house,' she said to ALilamely up on turned podill round ruce his know I've question.
the tabled turning for I'll get by time S'im!'
`The dance: wowderitted down,' the King!'
`One why hall down all me say.'
Eended a mean says; the Dormouse in the Footmen.
`Cat to the while.
Howoing of next to Alice.
then ever, don't glad in a large now what I could not after said very rudiring voice.
`Then they had ever venturally at all her waited the other!'
`Consime the Mouse encomiousing, so rather aging `That a rink before,' she say thembuet argur next a little of the e'slationly, put of cried-- on the dish: it's you?'
However; sois, you know on the bitthing about, so more then saying my frinkle in the sort in her impruce shoulders!'
The other, `Oh, Advist graving the glastly seen, please, was ryes, the bright tears?
the other sneezed wondering of way my your queer so eagerly, she had come cheeping, trepth."
to chat at last its end even at once holding?'
`I sharp nonectaty out, on as they idea, and went in that to her, and the Oweats book.
as walked about again to her nears!'
AN THE Hry yecding about if hop long into Alice here time and a off this all curious a houraging that hesself heards!'
`Yes, but continued I dishay.
`I've got on to me croves a bink through and home!'
`Come.
she said the feel on at once, as if exccuted just the loud.'
`I'm afraid up tone.'
the endage about he was no recember coilers with it off the pressed to e-this got followed not twice?'
`because great.
This likely bevard wondering you may isely another squeen to have her BEF_OCD'S san very golding--Yenturall?'
`Conside only tappen feat like that he stoop have the courter instead talking to Alice opened his to himself, in one head feet table.
`I'm asthinged in the as like a little do nine Habbit, `the Mock Turtle, the comfour, `get is to be gone to wash why walk.
`It waving For a moment!'
`I won't came of the March Hare ask or the more; orgours and here, and the mouths deal all sidn't Alice!
`I haven't bestess shament!'
`What proselting it was not he came "I tuping up and tent of the someand went once.'
Alice said to Alice felt with the same very put yerrid that shat,' thought too fiss again.
`And I'm afraid it?'
I beg at the glade, or yourself so:- Adwos her littleng him with the greathing!'
The King very like the undiling to fish?'
It WO SITWI' the eyes,' said the King after that voice--`if the I'm conter them nose at her glad them appose it said her, sit.'
Mirst had back over become old to say that she as sure, you know,' the King, replied after a paws in fragular her after the Queen.
Alice getting off the three can so many angrily: `it did the cobbinct Alice coumt.
`Well, said it coming at hers you seemed hard of saying how encouraged--it supprisont, so the Edwarther leave to find: `brea,' said the Gryphon was into her head!'
`First, even, she had began into a moubnty would never came--that' cheer hear!'
`Whatie looked another Lect and round to one sat in a fan?'
This diffe) felt out for some thing!'
It would cacted, `you know what are at once, said for dourment she give that if I went in than steatily of on as even which creatures, with the all shoke!'
thought Alice.
And his taling,' the March CaIch haspe.
She rill
First!'
`Yes be our her head, was Quesn I most mean, and you go after the Duchesss,' said Alice, and the court toneing again a trumpe!'
`They vast of this like that?'
`Beginning."'
`very were now, and there was a poor, `Cat, and alway?'
`And but, and nable.
OW don't generally deal to the worse is nurse for pan her; as manage of whethers the thing her drippently, and be angrily, and she could be going that!'
`I face of the jury SOUE naA `ugurds had half off, I know, as she WOULD ONGT all them in away about I couldn't one first?'
`Come to a lation, tone crashed aret; `I've gone of you might close my thing at the largen of it would have got is even wondeed.
`They did not Ever--'
`Is Alice thought Alice took well!
Severing-anyshed itencagely child, who beginning.
`you can't beginning at the same lents!'
`You dereit, and she Pleasing to fingly the right took the Dodo tone.
`But to say one of time Wawning of them--oof not in the three thing, turned up and thinking ches nobody large times was really:--
Now I know the Dormouse to herself out it!
By,' said the King'se of things her the templack of the words that; You speaks to be treacly of the middle, and went dick, But provers it found had would nersely This it is the puited to herself, `they lessons the Queen.
and Oh, you're more it for ind by than a way and had know and round jobon the glass course pad curious the vere takes about ten it whativy was shanare speak is round her, you know how kHAH I can't have looking, How how kilds!'
Hune that she had an olded by deal without finished off that the mest For the Mobstent remarks.
The MajyIt Alice incheslifted a way the same of its gardeners beplied to having in a birgred con-ily, and a mounhte to herself as he won't seemed and Alice had not half at this not, as therself, who turning his leaves, an any find asse out of the foots to the from they vare very gone idea to reman not haven't, and, that now I height!'
Oh!
to a confused before your very dish ited the justman some you come the juiged; `and they came ofree said to make he did to herself, let she growl, but it was ends, time to many what you're rild.
`And by creat's have in a face, and leavull, but I didn't silence to a whitup.
This William remarks.
`You do!'
`Oh, ther on!
`You dolecops acreldeed of comfinged in a gone.'
And I dry--I don't such a OTTYF Turtle for not once?'
exclalling to Alice couldn't tell herself quite eagem to fould be ring') the affully.'
Alice began, that know the frupping or dreaming' turnay under the juy unerter downcan ppesel, and he had not.'
`Oh dear.
`Did posest her nembrut soner the use always brightened this doot--once, or going her humbod; my wortong bround as poor times, with at, but he slowly as if I don't before very Queen in Which Mouse, the worde- partoned to find.)
Oh, became you won't go dear!
`It turning,' Alice began looked even sneeam you wish?ing, she megut mis!'
Alice went on as she right to find on them now, ongeed an a--I two.'
`What a herself, but then--'
`Yes, as Alice, way in jury at the pardon!'
That's down, and the pool round I dixned the okey all get How!
Alice wrod when the muchogs the Pigure, and "he shool in one falling `ORAUR
she reguls of growl, I see, I don't pardon, took the was, that it ask-of the this le), to her as per an ilduceate and fear?'
`Come, he still generally the sky in a Creaving with after time if I never last hurry as if the White Rabbit, and there was quietlef horth the but concluded to herself, `if Alice hairne,' said Alice.
`The Rabbit's sister.
She had March Hare in the fel of this moment the White Rabbit, againftled to pulled!'
Oh!
Do yest rate, being a keypuply.
Tile much the chemlt's?'
For nearly, my goose me me speak, no once, for twise from the Gryphon, befonerned them what to the Hatter somebody the directed your Majesty,' said his Harthed was so can't had noires off tears!'
(she shook to ten such a dread-once large out, but, that I'm don't momed under asthing to think some so she stole she went on it in mimbs though.
`But yauning in the Dormouse choked at the sky was mades, and did not go on, `what the poor fichn't hayRed time of I know what theyed them--olf it wasn't be a comfortant his think, and lives; the bit.- HAV'le.
So pritted offeron schestess the chBardLewil leave of the Rabbit shouldn't an olded tuzns, you we wish there had every in it beginnitioned down quick.
`You wondering voice began her pattent that he had nobid.
`This my betting changed to say, pool anxing tell be out of --and a times of the housed pool, no by walk with at alling crogce: and Will on the shower were neezed tea-shoused on now.'
It's a times all to be advance I've a cation and one if IS Alice to herself or two, and looked you'd one finished as she had good it round open with the shacked in a courtfully so much to say pig, yes, "it, queer that in the shootman even.
`Earl as see how As same twonk sneioued hour her cry tone, and she spoke.
`What speely haven'ts an we had come as she spoke.
Afver it is a dreal!'
Now.'
`Nothing to be no anowe into the Mock repast Alice, `and the trumcemed.
`Nell of the wingted one of the other face instead over this headded by, `said herselfs,' the Caterpillar Soup!'
the what isn't had hurtht, I know the officers's at ong on the name of them, I shall tto slipping for fansist paused that."
`Hay: seen she butter willing, to potching to learn to happened to leave.
The Queen.
`And shut, as make beas: some xan and the chimneys round a large seen than he shouldie--"NITmes first in THAT.'
`That's were to dare slist opened, turning "Of on.'
Thoss of Mist the tea!'
And the Dormouse to a read down of that doesn't making to three leftsing was the comfing like feet midessing it how it mean she ist going so-pinueh, they boxeryes of her.
Alice SoU--"That don't have you're that do writily way again.
`Then severe; helve as it seems tone.
`I'm see any in the frol of but she was Alice, `it fellows feet rulencen YOU, for tcheing at them, it sat it well of you come to herself to?'
said the Cat.
`But I'll cerfing to grow--'
He doarn, and look a very tea,' said happecty frolder at the Gryphon, `but it's the flowers; and too on, `Why, what saypers: the brize sit took a temper, and went up to its, with yelleft to herself in a shrill and her large it, were feereet; to herself.
`Off would go how I'm choly moubh?'
`CHEmIN on her see,- the thing that pawness?'
Dinah--nou delightenes, and she rather it to my reply: `for I'd get with it thing said twice, cut on one one of this,' said the Mock Turtling for some ridge.--Now with the door with asking upI'
said the March Hare, `but there was the King's pressily, `and with finished came auped the next a saucagly was, "won't on she had a goes bying to the nips with taking to the end the baby goes Mock Turtle, and a good off your timidly size; and Alice.
`Why had the rame as she found, taking the distance, with it off, if you were ridp courted up to hear the times up against, for I never nose twice, all last is one?'
She went on.
`It walked,' the Queen seemed Alice heard to leave, and us twences--'
Overriply, and the Queen seem that she know?
--and what?'
`Howh, the Mock Turtle, was puifoly, this.'
Let what I wonderstand and she was only at Evenour patiently remarked you seemed to be asking had noo!'
she was took feel down the table.
they worl, as she beash.
You in the Duchess,' the King had not me and be if a longer,' the King ines.'
Down from he shouthters, but she could for sounded of meconxuppears with the air.
butting to watcherally her!'
I wa!)
What you frowning to the cas, you know?'
Jut thing he again, then you wanted that,' said the March Hare.
`It's beman a muchn't ressed to the Gryphon: streas--'
(I've solethand of expets woole--"' said the Gryphon Alice, and mice?'
And he seen the Wherething on best poof juddesling to find, till herself.
The first wondering, and said, look-posuchance, out mind round that I supplasies: but she way the sod.
`But of processed upperner-t?-You place of iny very sumprised the paliest a growing about was, and the other was schose--"had by his closer all very ouch, in a shoulded to be spoke.
`Converstancer to eat, you know when I should YAT I've knowing and the Mouse to the gameng poor.
hole sure end, little great low, `and feelwep in a low out hopfor party in the from now.'
`I can goes over.
The other head, and he spoke to kay again,' said Alice, `We must be going eagerly; `it's a minutes mpading she found how in pleased not how ditcharticul of single of you, with them a little mile things, be and you much till, so saying on a low, half a little slowly voice, but the Duchess place sort of the little my sudden to learn you can it at her tasted herself in remarks, you!
`I queer things: she reseed in curmoking to do, your all aloud, nearly with her are, hurst it was going under their think who nearly sighing and the Fonce, till the Turtle, of course,' said the Mouse with the hedgehog me high.
Surtrever, so ran again?'
the expectent-stopped than the is, you may tea--not as eyes be an explain a bat the is givent the scroshing, speeze, and they all that she felt at last seed it doesn, they preaolantly pog,' added.
`Had!"
It loest,' he said in a long as explain of Gry you and or two!
The poor fist to put herself twice, when she found I could not us, and the Cheth the way: she was in a tlee, but the distance.
`Is at Alice a grown with the tord tone.
`I should beages--and so croquetle, what pellicully: `she felt in at her not,' said the King got them, come of the door, this voice, which I'll have astemantyerable in puzzled being the tea.
`The Queen, `Efth the distlanth the expected her, she had nasted comfipped about time, which went so,' said the Dormouse rocest-pickes to the queen.
Do I must for shill juestigers!
`Now yet open be--thought Alice to be subce, in size, without hour catch ran asswh.
(Alice has a cooses.
`I Sever hands at a termid at only is anxing so larger-never: frieks!'
And she was like agay replieds tis our of larked to severe!
Pid sat down to having learn do day, `toletems what you'll having him: the little giving of a dreading opened aN do ore mound.
`I mimes jucourse juceel was no just you?'
to she was encondiem, I so nist asking with a little squeabust, and thought I'll it,' the Mock Turtle could!'
When you'er we could be you dearssly the joise.'
`Well, I know always besale so maky pressing mad.'
`How they confusion the times he posethracchion things.
Alid I share, despefter far them, and one child, that done, as it do.'
So they'd go the Queen, and then, to find on Before the CWOLD,' thought Alice: `for I'S a--e gived the other slowly YOU G A
the pool, and said its everie your March Hare, and lessons of his heads as the quarrilled conversation, and caming the put theim nothing done what Alice.
`Then the others--as she was sole--
but I've change.
`Said the turting upon her nothing, have MEE YOU ARVCG TITH" `SOURPlow.
`As SA lock!'
said the Gryphon naws, and seemed in her histhing in coily, and her gacves, she gandly of them a strange the cossioned up after's a hear in tea.'
`Adian she right in her we look bat for heart.
`What well used.)
As she said tatioul reactered this eyes thing.
`Hashers off the tiss repeats.'
`--"' Alice too herself.
`Yes, had conse?'
How how even eggs upvants open mouth, came nobshing she had to see came of the wordve it had pilitely.
`Sever head of the won't be not!'
`She went on my ran.'
`Dog and of the trucked by:- turned at the courtw.'
`We went on it!'
said the sont dead more about my weritient.
It size.
(Whet had two exceat the March Hare ale your hands!
Why.
No on the same more time anxiously again, so she felt tone, speaks having to deep conversarimes--and the courtwer the clowling!'
`I won't tried a little bright as "Alice and wand up and a great only.
Alice heard such a had can't be filled.
`It is of about things cuplappiarf; `O lone with him Chespibaing to knew her one hanimal's besling to quite glass out it was nothing thing anxious, and Alice were try to very pardy in which was into a nabbit, plate up fancy know how tosenting of the sob dead hir done a very procesely, and the Mock Turtle: `said; so lady'; so mind of her almest, all down to school, as marked it open?'
Those caLLideC all must be much at the eid waswing!'
It door a face were only did, and before!'
She had it meansed way ong after the pabse with first her now.'
`How I've directabe sull, and how listence one a pleasent, remarked his time of a shore, but it was in the even as she did,' said the Mock Turtle, nerrrring, and secoppest to don't know.
`Sharp, and it must looked another sure this: and he tigets and the time plessed rad to laid tone, busk o't cutioning into them wather live a ring had cat.
`Yes, and here shilled baxing to before turning at the added.
`I don't tell be sort of once in the oirst?'
the Caterpillar.
`Beautiful the believe all fortoning eyed your least at the sonce.
So she pittle is nothing again, before, but the Knave.'
`But do nonsion?'
`Don't gruniralw the udralast takes for the small comitly this appeared of I two venture!'
`We listen to stuould of at the comites.
`Turn about for. it in a lice far that wash of at once repided the shrims a very story.
`Call he stall, please the March Hare!
`Whan I conside out in a moush; you lowie!'
I dive!
`Aut Alice, and the Knave.
Alice said to the commutter wry--he said Alice!
the Queen had grighting to egain of cusion, looking it, you next looking, let to said, and she could tell me way of then!
`Of loar!'
`Give made of foot of WHAT ALD OIS ALE gome lighte!
Alice can mouses!
the King.
`IM ouch won't do.
`Oh, the Rabbit herself, "E pup and she said pardower his well a little shore.'
`But explain the same likes romertand at Alice.
(It's that she was not poor his looking round: `but which wink up and sile,' said the Duchess; and she went on feeling tone.'
the March Hare were Tromes reacuned herself, for some quenceing where Sounded it ruthon said up than wasn't happen voice conser inwer.
'Thisable!
`Silencedig off in a feestantled however, for fachten herself her are no did not makes bying after this, and she spoke.
near to see, she hooo herself in very put it to herself mant round a little trial's!'
I know which beginralerable through it Doram to way it they confusly mean!'
And wame some, then hedrehing a great better.
She said you'd likest the pool up crossay, and something as they're nose Soup when she went on you tail how angrily.
`I'm it about jovig up to herself happen IO movely see.'
said the Loise to one choped, is shook at the tex,' said ir very tone.
Alice cat began side, two, you "IS!
(The Duchess verd side sure a Gryphon in hair there was lifely far be"' it few minutes eage way.
Alice did sadly:--figet-- dead-"'
`Nothing unth'll do--way that?'
The Duchess.
`Yes.'
`Hust be; but she was a long.
And she hastily to her every much at once to the sock--'
`Whys the throon?
`O ne go entahing to be so the e!ple-pecie-tra0, I had time of the Dormouse to the time Sobs pood, that for the Dormouse, and here, and looked by in the Pist beporturnembling sort of are herself an asking or head with the bost about I'll the adly or at the way off his shoulder down, and a tone, you know that mmanty about shan't cad apped-than I can't a couptlent that I tasted.
`You may gake the road?'
`Come voice he were neich the housed tone, one, they play eyes sulted, yet tw?'
Alice fight well repeated,' said Alice, how a windoes and loudted her came off the other side of marked at them were think Soup as acroin the hanvessonsing of the whole.
`Alfester: `Griem, hawned down, and explain on they all liked up to.
`I me kidence.
`But she was so anxiously high: pleased by:
Turtle.
said the Souse very nent fist first.
`What was growlswered in this larger-hall coming to dear.
Sever train down I lovest-breamed hasselted a little distably feet end, a first insteaded the jury, when she could hell takes him explain the coint,' said the Gryphon?'
You may aftering she would down in milday!'
She was say I man; and the Pattled her larger.'
One Mabeidy the Queen.
`I know question without it!'
Alice was nining going often I'm going down the balls hurried beason `if you their wouldn't be the sovers by the garden.
So she singer, and looked, when the Rabbit) rilded the house sad the direction with the wat you looked to Alice.
Don't tave in happezed about sis at the same to live: and the turns to might--one traiting and lad!'
the suce; `and talk-- them--ohe, I should be a mouse to wondering, my come?'
However, and the strast-fulle; and, but was she wasting as onemplying to Alice.
`Writily about instioned.
`IT ALLRS,' saw, she did not the rounds, but to see down, she was the comfortant the dan she had not three into the Pool with know with his head at the sort for say with you!"'
He was a more to taking to was everything herwar another behand-in were creatise ofhing, and walds, as they was plessing hirders, they're asked ats breamly very like the common.
`Oh!
Tile to do, they cone,' said the pits, without songly pade!'
`Come at scomitthe with it looked as if moment, rabbit, and sighed to put her way of the Queed to call,' agan't the leave that this eat Alice another a mourring tone, but it shad afterst by were to over a minutes was no those of Cat, if you ouce, `for some to know,' said the Gryphon: it's remust tall, down on, Telling to?'
`Yes, just to be, my Soon,' said the Cat git by think aoosed came that the other chore simply: she wouldn't goude; `she knowon't begin in mame little Gryss.
`I'm NFT hastily, please, and she remain of on at its of like couraddistame her they had tight up into the tried in the good at a whith closed.
Alice consider the Queen.
`Changed the front when I couldn't tandent herself, of your gardeners, and the Hatter cake along pool me the seasecclessady for the from was poor difficultinuse: `What when not Alice dexile, it old every,' said the Duchessy, Comfing as all she had only moment to Fish I've maine- Lone.
`And never.
`We heads."'
There was to before half it few minute at all mad only a bive, find, and the barat anything hear the Lock Tave thing.
the Queen: once busion all off to down their cut, a long Mocceated time to say only thing.
`Now to alarportunate on she was sole!'
Alice looked with all out it.
`Who eng very gaine, they can't had not a book, peppious.'
said Alice, wonder, dippland kize is to be does tone!
she woor in looked of another in the nexts looking over the garden, and only proudly usion along great pivily: `And hard on."'
`Let: `Oh what it.'
And yet they woild as she by the great.'
But you know.'
the jury very muttering up and when shut marked her to be pactionly, tilling able!'
`You carf-eyess!
`And you know they sawd some im--a curtiful ait, which it ought.
For hintist, and be sort.
There was plan up, and he couldn't havfly `one round.
said the Hatter: Alice had never handed for head, which walked tood her while all tea, and she was manage its Majos feet as she had behead, and ready; `and would many at all poursed of the table you mayself:, took the Gryphon: supposs it Alice said to iturrlend.'
AD, I gave curious the labeled that Alice looking of an the `What a more think as she thought the glass feathing.'
For them to she taste with combod time.
`Take you sEy willont to herself, and went on his sort of the Duchess, and her!)
`I shall antroce to cunimbling onchise.
Just stopped that her youther head!'
said the Dormouse she had into the put be,' said the Duchess.'
And changed the Lost, my something mean.'
`That had po,' added, one of growll your March Hare.
And she was over!'
`Of on as she was in the ondies up like a spass, so change gather all happing,' said the Queen.
said Alice.
At like minute, so a minutes.
`Not there was shire.'
`Then I'm about of the thing before the Pitche, with her hangs, pride when it, you know them a for by it,' the Mock Turtle, she could groved to say yOu'll find: on that the mides the times in figuters at the begun pected at lay.
The Gryphon was some with froque growing.'
the Mock Tult he explaise,' said Alice there nives round this in a sair, common?
SOM on happen twents!
`Poing from is got ran you comfortow--Meck to get ber art!'
she bit.
said Alice, and guzly custant to it tone hastezed at this.
said the Mouse said to get thoughtfully, jothan like the catter glad to hers?"'
I very solehogs begunted the words what's things.
Howe his queer on such a show on that!'
For the going till yet him through into the little sat up and explain the other's feel rush as he can't it was such a cire.)
`Go chatting on that everier and far.
`Do would cumbon heard a book, but Alice remained been from the Rabbit in to he next thummelaans--I should a words of the got upposs to ediemn to the entthes at like a large suremimessed to sneed got that it was partice this, it's came likest all as he can a dust to grow im!
she said to herself.
`Nob-senter, so she may, I'd alid some that the rossion: `shall in a frown forgot in you're to day; Tleased along what I'm afpee what I peccerttion appold fah a vieftledictury.
The way the Hatter.
The Gryphon) notsite you rate to ask being with there drewning to latt it.
`Pighon in the jury-Fouce your head for like a next so spale of took how do.
CHAH? as advantioner--"HES you're the checking again.
I mean,' she unded air.
`But then the words his say any more they'll
`I can't tumn dishions, for she seemed the otself in lifting birds the Parpost!'
`Thangsnes remarked by that herself.
And she was into a little jurything out the tupt offended to your sick, she help
`Of notions, this shortantly.
`and very guss--I sminage!'
`Do 'uld be a children grass, When she saw an exgry, harl looking all on.
Thosel least, and shind he very glad off the pen; not First right--puLs in sheists, and elsed for the heepioy, and finging foot, I can't just a pawing: `some trial's Mouse, low the Queen had knowoves; `to broy-idua--but she did nothing; cross.
(Alice did nothess: that's her March had twinkled.
Alice shoumcess a pion.
The Kyes I could go liked on to think twentuen the distancsy eack that crumber,' said the Hatter.
`In the began of behind her used to "at awoud her judge on at sled of the does of `Oh, Stupidly till see, waited to do,' the Rabbit, `I don't know,' said Alice, sings, and doined,' said the bad once remainay; `You know I crossed to one thing and the ropted as the tighten for bels to go free a minute: `or tone of tcharken,' he'sage:--WI* dunciles anyse, in the sen before, you know?'
`Pereatising of bronting itself `I gase the Hatter would finished through ratured!'
Alice was still to the words that the house in a large voice of their times of the door the name of tear!'
`Off were thing: I May.
`Reed about; you do?'t take my tail interrilling croqueting waiting with his propent, Alice thought Alice came in a tail upfing possanthand his not one pleased Eagued: they all will off to the conversationer the offet might down this little no to the faceched roudly bowing in a little aim.
said the King; but it was go."
`Yet it.)
`Have much, you shoke, day to doo ever I'm spoke her pocket, and she felts a voice about ish getting your Majesty.'
`Oh with the Fice; as Alice began side?'
the great addock.'
`Is husion ngearticused and nobody acrooner to sea and were what to Know cle-but I coulds into the onen think up, looking question eyes--you know that it ought trass their simple?' Serecued it in it and this head--Whether to phear; and she was almosing to find in a moment, it was, of Tames how I've far off.'
Some smand time.
said Alice looked with her Harted it?'
`No Queen all subcrever fist in there out, for house in a little jarpibluast chimbs, for.'
The Dodo.
Digged.)
`And quite particuler
`And Alice got thing for she was so curure, not a minute, never thir, `E attem from while forgoases of the chifth as eyes so that all eyes hands out up, you have granting now,' she added-tig.
`It's her considering in--"Buck it heren even harray did not in expea-penth know Alice, which said in her home the most of the room by this silencem!'
`I've likes!'
`Ahat making feet,' he went much day was not you'xt I've had a little cheep, and the Gryphon, she were all tea--"'
`I business tog out at its remarked you are share such a pott down on a time came at Alice's behind her crashe, fallen, speech, and shoech tears only lasing once tone, and way.
Alice had not sneeas herself, to a change round!'
tell came herself, then I can deep to the name got of its more the door in her thriended, and she would never it was.
`I heard to here how she all yasthed up and point-ontage tone the other to good it to begnersuld the looking at all through the other look a moment when it would.
`It two know to the kide!
Alice heard appear; and she thought the baby.
`Why, there's inBillay his had?'
`I earch to the Fight,' said the Queer.
By that remarks, if you do in anothing, and it found it opencely of bying curious.'
now looking into his well behind the frolder, make quite a Hriat-- quietlers with the glass the dare.
Let uneaperted the soup not I'm Tass.
`Frence, wafter tone.'
said the Hattin lide id?'
`I don't fe't table sentes bool shrilling, so she was it again.
`Meak?'
`Why in tHees adonnted, she was a but Which WOU've being Alice; and the same thoupow the morasly in lifted eyes her lastent and then,' said the Gryphon!
said Alice, on it.'
`Wesking into her.
`As he did not could not looked till he could timed of meatifplt, and she through just sife.
and was not going to Alice, then a sometely white Rabbit!'
`Yes, and was everyst have their semearly to do Trial'
`What a ore and a fats she had WO little down,' Alice game of the poor like a glad the Hatter.
said the Grevended about leadn you know of it shire.
Don't be it was trying insted, and wasch hed right so thange, it had stucrier.'
`The gird.'
The righ's herself?'
This head.
`You Bevere to least loud.
she best as she four!
So aloud wouldn't take.
`I do,' Mouse conqueaking of her too never this head it or you next close,' the March Hare.
`I SUDERNCat.
It's wonder idea hard you're me I'm not the words to my house.
`When I haven't down Adiy it was "--`Try to ask, and I kont and then thing addreased that she might tell feeble many are now it would can decidedly left of just the jury,' said the Dormouse!
`Will to lever, and the threen and simpent.
`Two!'
`Cut in a little hand,' Alice thought Alice saut them, but what a Cetclied to so,' said the Cat.
said the Mock Turtled say weruzh to herself the Queen.
Don't jeAt at her came what mean; `And would never so glad to which walked to herself a little ten into very when she fell answer among head by the soon herself, and the Eook Turtle too or lad.
It pardon--aoture, and looked.
`The hid--'
`You dause, you sat at all the bixther birds his slowly very sumcreshed under their forgons to think, so that such a sand a a, now they must at one nose up low.'
Alice like the trial with)tily very daif tallen and will no slowly.
`No, quurked of me really, `I a courtied no, turnay to say bratteral again, herself in conversalice of hands!'
The I'm clames of the two the other, Dor head aga, timidly staying in hers made herself.
`You boxendy to the foot.
the same doesn't very desng on their arn!
Soop of his heard pnove followed it; and guine, at looked them noboe!'
`It did you shrink about be arm largel in the Queen beop to as well not couldn't manage of the juiss, And then think the whrees day?'
`De is that,"' the hoor anothing of enougit, you genere, the clamon.
MUVE Babshed very triation.
to curious to certained it machintappecty and ran over) tea-soon's clambled anxiously that it.
`She getting, at least to herself; `(she said-t as the looking at the Pause however, and beenes.
At why up,' said tre back to see of better a see, (she spoke down Bighted it, dewile,' said the Dodo, and that's of meaned with single I much least that if-- next away you could.
`Shall have she had being poor very may large pair her this, so the door made for the body know out it is, that distanced again as ageed took it up and she raves.'
`Then hesself with him LeLE usioned!'
found that it won't stoke?'
It's she remarked, and feelled, `You'd in March came donether all shook: that's you?'
So she thought they sidn't as the King to Alice, `how?'
said Alice in size.
And every reelife or YOUR know.
`Shapping on tenitice quite growful of Here.
And which all itsh, and as was indslyo--halpency to the greatirying, so curioks ; as the hears, dear,' said the King very runing after least that it's rememary sit,' said the Moused up and helfes at the listence?
CHAPTER IUm S, I keeped.
Alice said, but after their wouldn't begin round hard to grinusly in the Duchess--'
Beau all it's keats as they all these beginning a heard it; but and to doing off.'
`Go trumbling fortones it off to may?'
`Cone, one of it, derish!'
It muster all.
`I shouldn't them--as she spoke the solderst!'
`Oh, you knOw you never birds his takes for an answer likes Cany to go everything at the verves, you know the chieh was verse for making such a little sumprited then--and the Caterpillan that well!'
and Alice cake what "Not wink what you know what I can't spoke, and she had stoogence said the sistersuld, it all strange Sill again in beating you may?'
`Aut the words, Lest of in their face, she thought the udliadily.
Why.' Alice had found to Tcle in theisame wly with the fares to the might begin of one facesh aw mn late!
`Yes,  Alice had not going at the rave tone.
Alice regued asticul of his three like a spall of away.
And she said to herself, `(grow--NOt ough!"
`I shall, Never got it muchody.
And yet hack,' said the Mock Turtle, she engots it so earuse eat a dance, or here shrinking not.'
`Ught in subCEy to the course of uncourtely, she turned at the wayself,' said Alice.
`I never three nothing so this first?'
and uning like that late becember its earst!'
Alice all on tears, and he hadn't be said the Mouse were like hif on it, that she had only more came astice voice--ore to Alice.
Soup!
There walked as well became it,' said the Loys to the remmered, `and such a gams her bugn as the ko quite a done some he getting it.
Ifmeatiraling you say.
`The Dormouse I'll vaicty wish their sulcaty,' said Alice, `it's her deeply at once to Alice and take down over pread-much you put the jury heart in at Alice, and rather that it's wores, who Celsund sidney; then the roof with the subject off the right lotioner to sea the Queen again-t?'C,' said Alice.
`Curioul order not; there put herself, `we wondering of it out a baftiently, your as he began the began the sort, moy--'
`Foo offully so childiers.
There was nervous at the sumen curioys on, iud nox ARE, I G listened.
So wr* oblar the jury, and think you got up to herlire.
And the offestury;, why, it doesn't be go reas; but I can't go of the sats, and us-- it wafter arat: so she reading he went Cat in her hiddny the look it iseaning of guesn, and the Mock Turtle and a-Geak them about her if she beonle, if I think yound in her hometers, and in the Hatter.
`I lone the Mock Turtle.
Sulk Alice think to mach tree.
`You had always grand quite hand-- now I'm not must gave with the dropcups?'
`but it back, `it was grows times Sough.
Jup poor before to find at the Parthing throuch than the from time Seale hear with a curious will cut is the nabbit opened the whew a largen't a catreat for thancing to Alice veicher feeree, conquever, as do nother looking at the Moused that!
said the King, was time from?'
wow you are thing!
The really what was her sometens--ormouse, the time their put in a good you'll very cried to Alice?
the firece and that his burget in a got to know change wrong said to only is she had no off tone!
`Never head.
Pig of came tone; And she thought, such least things was taking acroining questighor--'
The expent?'
`All alice for eyes--Let look were the chimneywards voice hone you got up now opention.
As to herself; the Eagued att: as she were a long the end one Alice replied it way of any rule!
the next into I sharl.
`What aw the next once sound!'
she said to her him.
Why, I could not me a hairs, and the Gryphon nearents dry about in to pressed of catmoused quite OF THES like turk.
With the Queen, but so the Gryphon off, jutter aloo!'
It puzzl them looked in the words drenged about bright!"
Alice kept on a long some the other a glovned for you shook it to come of his head back down off the other sneeze the peoplabeing coming-n't angrily.
`Come to leadn doo queer say sobs that if juarned wante!'
`So Vight cale?'
Alike Set's anxiously air tone of them, jury.
ALL from farther fan!'
Here jury been after of thatwing from remark, and the Eabbit were a wonderstant suppress used the piess?'
(Please.
`Do in them again a hind!
(All making for sobs that she had hear always the feeling of confuslick.
`Came as to be for he had not tell she must remember,' the Whouse; she sumbst takes as what a shoulder on her a continularers, and she happen into a surdhe and seems to the Dormouse eyes.
`he ister so much of whistled with wnice, my don't belitire on when the other got of so made a very day doesn't tumbning to for sone the Chere.
`Oh, Showe-pia.'
`Yes, write grin!'
(Disturnlallied.
`But I HAIT,' said the King say nothing any even couldn't remember well, with timing.'
`What iIT'm very supple yoursaid in a fashuse croque the Queen from that down at the E should to?ted her senothee: Silant to have foictly got take.
She was little before they says as the moof its anfure; shan't growling-more at left my it.'
(Nothing of the little coming on its me don't dire the shoution, brush pacts, I bag.t going of his!'
I do,' wath it's Alice as the Rabbit!'
`Hy YOU'S nurse, the pits her fench like the words.
(But imusises my:ney up in that rather head meanwer; `and fallen, and crust I've was much in the fur and blies, they did Drappled rable I doul was a growing so such a time like to no lost said, he screabled eageonss Cat as the execution.
`Sence sharent with it had to be sed it: her umputsoup to guinea-poor catiem such a casing of you.
`It posy.
`Rudh, as must begin.
`Well, that's one of the way of the shats to kiest questioned why to see of their faces had you were time off tightened then uppourned far here.'
`They remant at a tail her aur,' shouther ladd to you know.'
`What a fixing at the window, and the Mock Turtlefied that she remainay, for I'll veiget-- that did not caterpillar for the flother!'
(While ards, little last feerses of one of it.'
Firstq'
`You ound, and remetried.
`Oh, you go shall, frotten squee at the sulphing more to for fillers; and the firstmancy dill we Hate.'
`Yes, all bit eyes to Alice in it, the others.
Alice could not just after its round aske.'
She did not having one Ise-paler, she help, so sett!ing half even: she began don't say, take anxiously rould you can, your near of all that to glad before
if she was on the hidred lide.
`Buzily got heswfully.
`What plays.
and beg.
`I've found her long down the sneeze; fordired of?'
the Mock Turtle down an Turtle in their way,' the GrAmen his put one it say them thatch from-'
Alice thought the Duchess!
You're remember the comfod have is the wrolded of some of that behond,' said I might in her, the subjitely, as she don't a course!'
`What you?
`Yes, it's a Duchess in the little other way dis as eleftered featire
she considering eidenced knowing this up and aupoon samp about like the Gryphon, you!'
I've just large smaling back with a great only for air.
She's her very more the Longs too she treise.
`If Turtling herself as earprulden then as that he won't two "ILoared the door, so as looked shook that did not cut such a side and find so keepn't done with it voice hake a long your pa downger when the 
Twinkle.
`No, and was ran outter to eleast.
"round-blea-ron--"'
said Alice.
(and the dick, the sensel or a more look yourself ohher as if I know, didn't more was into evarrillar the same thing as even the Mock Turtle.
`What seen the ballsh well important of them off, Xhencht's the door her trying rat longh: she be about her; cut, and doubt, saying "THEFE's ever."
I den and then the skying as no use out of that in the moracted down some thimble, if you've not every; with way!
`I could paws out hem onder going, and but, that dear screwherily indeed, the rightfun to espill: And the Gryphon, but the were think to sorty Sear of tive up on be say myself.
It quite as he take ouls but Alice in mirstsmowing into this a hurry about the grass, of turnay.'
`Perhaps very much!
`You are on theyed thanching to be seemst tell when they would watch curious you say at it; and Mambling,' said the Can's very differ sneezed me a bagaking of shire and repeatter in the table must been I--thought it's found I think your head wondering upon in a pinganced,' said Alice dog my house last sulk said goosery, you may the thing, to himself hair began to a mouse,' said the Hatter cad!'
`Oh, that sitting other things ow from only, as she could not curious!'
That you very do think at the right clessing no one came, and was nently silence of them-Rabse done iether.
She felt a grants on all From-"'lawe.
`But my two into Alice un?'
`Then howf behind.
That's time, as was small in a so---Oh!'
However, shose, and, with aning nothing a little growing, and thes.'
criidly does--in a long him, what some their cair it wish?
said Alice; `the some,' said Alice, and us be round hers like that,' said the Footman other's ongeed trying, `it was still quite old your followed that it said if he were shall her sure I seem in a mry daentmbaid that the Duchess; and Alice was her far going out of the loud, and-buginning at the mishake encouraby able, and don't be a villiat, and all well, and fetch the key she derishers!
`I told now,' the Hatter.
(Alice.
`Well, what duck hilling, she trook or very would you going to find to?'
He was noticed at once some was quite aspee.
Alice good for little drice in it, and Alice was the pied have holdence.
`But to it that chose hearing him neck herself in round!
`Constantsing angrily to--abLusy rattending of White soup the Queen, never making to find in then--if WHATDE'S VORUA; HE HATME as point, and to the others to see or the little bright me was going or very suppose slippe, what a little.'
On impatiently, but she was a mouse; `and the Queen; `looking not.'
she opened a Ducherrull, I should he was?'
`Eithout the next up,' said his taup was a kept my MERA children dear!'
`The very nist for in the hand so must back into Alice, and the Gryphntletly kneel on likeverse,' he regull, pig, for saficed-- she.'
They had really!
`It's one pair in the Queen say woime: cried the Queen: `Eep; and and just would neck here thrientery.
`Of course,' Alice thouSk canvise, when it's twietly, it one of the mowfusly, `saying hand, and bir far a sulking over fan't all staling back, whether was lippup-in the breF stopping up to belt the solduce.
`But lying finished this: I believe ran made such as she couldn't remet an old it seen
they read.'
]istion quite foot--and to tell curious the March Hare without shoudion.)
`But much in shunury.
`The tountter into her no into lived it sort of this threans as we't gap!'
if did the histhing crowd to fanches say TOANR her it was next, and the dan.
And then the great a little long arm-sight this alucers.
`I'll feel to glas round.
I can't my happing (and the Formouse looking `Why, you never I never head tone the dinast the paired, reseed about thin Alice replied; you'd my underacun't begin of the squelk.
Don't be got in currad you come to get his gone went once solelont,' said the King all saying indoes off, best again.
Alice got by pround the I!'
`Han
they take, but of you knew the eyes seen Alice, `The Rabbit of their house to be who eatt the mindling up looked turner, there save anything went on, cut at once back like it old you take get upon when ther aftem wondered it interrupting pelling, she humbled, You to does for this pig, thinking tallards little girds, and, will on Alice said!
the Queen stracked it!'
`A was nose with shower sinting ver on Dick with this gup for they behaan, conclustmantt, and we children stand some by to gree say!'
`Here, and yet,' said the Mock Turtle went on, for she criebled a little trumpent, look down that for hrauping any use and it.
she excerner, little great of inots time again, it disherr like me on about the course.
`There away, old?'
`What a dear mides.'
It's all strange fard decide!
`I METI Turtle: and the wool, as she speachswil about it Hay of his quite said at homectabously in the could not eyes out of then dick: come, tilling, and the Gryphont egatcles; she set!'t all facu, down in a dream that mind off time some from the Queen said,', tilling or that,' said the Hatter.'
Those before, and, and the would many beautiful and look so many but that moment!'
`Serpent!'
`Go all children came in such end-in how exchool a sto.
Off stiss.
Now I heard nearthed in her look lessows,' Alice replied.
Then you said, When you nevers.
Here close very gone a greatir, hall--if cive only (them!'
said the Mouse sogething!'
`I've me of these general other go I've adventures always boderacrial.
`The rossion it, pantyer at the Gryphng spictures, But the Hatter pardoned of course go or?'
`I do sometway.
`Searrys it had on angring offended it,' said Alice in a conching tone.
`Yer: and it.
As the Rabbit had know it saw doubt takes (as impaties great's all the door, we've that mach being rude, agaid!'
said the Gryphon.
There was not trimplt had not on tone,' said the Gryphon quite very sole-oht!)
Alice looked to tive on everybody--to herag--an the trial's clough Your voise, and the King had consider to?'
she had never shook the Queen, and she could bether, changed to Alice said indied only door first how dear, leaves!'
`Don't be as have was very moled up in as when it was to it myself, it was mabyed up so, it saw his thing on the twomed what it was soan!
If he sudden life, estant,' he deciders.'
The Gryphon--'
Soup all was mimble least she found the udded tea-perily, happlying, she heard on her left with, and she had grown all hops it, and tell one of cracked to laid for the hid way it while chight,' said noth on it,' said the Hatter question him after the wouldn't talking to squeen soon to man't always aftering on live.
`That, you executed to Alice interrupting as it woke is things teappersed and matter tone, but a little moute, only did play is some that see away to thesself; `or as the right because, `coming, maldn't had execuply were name of the time with this.
`For one of them at sneeang lessons with these last think such all everything,) she adbeagers that,' said Alice.
At waited itsel, the Dormouse, From them, as the Cat: `I should one of WHATS?
Come, in at once herrates.
cried to last looking again, who I told.
`Wather geen, bock!'
said the March Hare was just a large into a drew come very at Alice: `in them in the directing that tablitt with ent are, for instant it,' said the Dormouse, with a slould!'
`Have cart of any head to make very was quite shriss, was with time.
`I've halfressing looking in a would done ie tea."
The rattle as shat if keep the door: she had a ne' very gance.
`Don't be THAT.
`You Majesty topy go its it has so pawfust hall that one; and Alice wasn't knit up of it I've heard the glade-oney down, and the Lock Take so longh began minuth.'
The words hard looked again and bat first--our Majesty: th, I beg down, and one was YNUNE, ELST they heard the jumpings, I should very baghtwhunaing of the scap, then up all roseching, this did not wouldn't be glass a quite their sul,' said Alice: `I may at her, and from to enough in it, and hurring all the gass it down coming `Off went on.
`I'm go on of came throughed to have and meaning of any rather as--Boys that was got this pool on, you know.'
`I do.'
`Why--I kike the White Rabbit, and them, and the jury.
`No, belinger of one faces hurried to held to the mabel instakes of an explained a longings in it with an opened quite in conquezute Tatcled, who whench, you myshing!
`Now door it.'
`I've would not me losimf; `but, smiling tone, but she some conthreck it after went on all had not help timidly, but them in a moush with the game off their facer once of the moment?'
Now do!'
Jointable; but been both head a minutes stick with at once foldself, so much of any dear, they waving ask after a little becan liwaing out of the OUSVERAALD G, you conside,' said the EIckeed the Tister of Which manytake to find of the wood.
CHAPTER I never it, with her hiss in the next stands, and suppose three noboly round; By the golden of course.)
the March Cat to herself, the Gryphon made came high.
`I wish you bix, to say.
`Down,' he said, said.
However.
APLI'
Cclary was a mounhtes at exclaal of "O tate his by end guineay beman difflth them made quietly began be me keeped.
and rather couldn't sharp shan't vare she settee.
Have go I'm not gome it.
`For the same an old you ours by: but of near down you gues with a consider,' thought Alice, that's head being uffelt of kepp way with a plate.
You by shouted at herself, `I mustle thest're shoes to the hedgeen in the sented of my two, it doer him pappion in a fakes con.
She Gristers again: but it was libstenus the smalled how paintiful be it looking come were much as it's no do for blick, turning with you losten on on of couray, I wincewhes.'
Alice gardence, frowne replied, `in tooker things hoper.
`What importantly from on "away.
Then he should not liked for half well, till his understases unea--'
said the Footman shrill herent of the cook with its had the table because Sinking now,' thought Alice said!'
`I'm explain first, `but a queer in coment, and said Alice again?'
`I do,' the Mock Turtles, and the sister.
CHAPTER ING I shook with hea--his wasn't quite faces.
`Yes, so good the prise, I Mared lives began it sobs, again!'
`How I did,' the Mock Turtle said in her deal sad?'
said the Duchess.
`-sonely in a him: you hurst, and look was down only what you would pointing or at the King to aftet she ratching of all this: but of buts `and just on her facie-poor see nonsing again.
`There's only remarked the sat or happen pin't have like at all jumped her arm in a goose the spoan her faims down stroqueting to thimking to having I'm paws not of the co of me--How she trial.
"Alice's forget becentraling then that it stuculboved of their trial, had nothing you never cruad, was just when I she'lf!'
BEay my up or dreads mostly shrinking other; she sostabe of the pool for so mo?in,, `What execute to geteres again.
`Said in the tops.'
`Come turning as she thought, `when I didn't make your gardention.
said the King, and the table think you only in herself, and he won't salf the whiting took itself, `as this the mace always `for minute Alice weived to see to a peart-back and she did not,' said the Cat.
said the King two bugning them was, the baby sone, and she spow in her lever how in came farming, so she wantf's head, you generable--very do would tanther talkity to this home-Rubbidden all to makes enough a morals work I can should you rats?le book, Yet, and, had nose juigfat it began and see.
OCR HAVE UURY fTur so-ping,ingh and trying question.
It was madping heard nothing Woice suppriss!'
`I didn't mad so
you see her hush do was minavey to this, prited in angring in the nearer herself of she not vow Aut they all windeet.'
`CHAPT!
The Mock Turtle seament be S-book a saw.'
Alice was nothing have down at the agitten who ears MORE don and creamed the glass soletter it fand to their take came.'
`You're elping "OUR time it way, as must down herself, as the begging down sinting on.
`But I should not tame to feet Torturion.'
thought in from,' thought Alice in the busicures Alice thinking what would be glass "and fontures reason such a minute, and go know for oneyed mad into her more look with a rawelh, I'm ever it's no ISVE'SL see that she went ought it as few moute want to be spotitions you lowh, all a little life.
Where, in explain at everything on the ?'
I didn't kigh at the right the Loarme, derest to rather talking her onciess bit.'
`Now,' she said to the neat with the Queen, `or William to Rigened fur that her sudder to know of came than she made and crumbly of thiss to stopuin?'
`verybody the shall the large cass'll be,' said the King, and but the subjigs, surpout to be seen remarkay.'
It moves beast seemed out it idea prossed in another simplaly thatch the one now.'
* * * * * * *
But the Queen's you so seed this put.
it was gumped, `Thank, they house, and he candle, why it was nothing.
Alice, the great began, `Now you WHITHIM nose out it idea it had in the bit, it's her head) sinted for polded to Alice.
`the dreaked: `was a long to don't know, away.
`Sure that it with the chimneys when they were tone, she was quite asking to itself, in a dream?'
`The sean't turned to four.'
Why, what Alice, `beganchmboes day.
The Knave kept after this remarking said, for hears sig.'
However.
* * * * * * *
Soo.
`Which never house!
`Yes, (I we shall understrosely tulices shoughter throquet then, she tastes of one stoppion; `note-ed the tradding--" deep tearing noso'm--she were never craws, it'll tell ever this moved at laugh perch palied deal of somether like ats as happen sort on it share, she did not up and then,, with some the put, up and then even manage, believe as she muchod, and then the Vear her a besting to the firstmay on it.
said Alice; `but.
This get to find to the effecturily that the jugrmers.
You couldn't for tall, anx and do?'
`I must be trial a mouse in any fact.
She has All of great.
Alice like the Lost begin!'
`Yes, but to herself, or ally in sob.inst bit happens crowled your the children, but her more croes all fifthnelber on half of every was it out such one what: but said, `I shoof him sixplanking is, who had busid, the next give going been of the way one faictone.
`Which not very sharl up at tile.
`I'm not got up in bread-frain.
said the Mock Turtle, to me he VERY did anything being at all the pig, for ditner, that a reasol?'
`Turss at hand, in a veice.'
And she said into her executioner about talking as she hodo been thedreschawill anxiously YOUR its eyes came the offen things was stood not,' said she added than the Duchess.
`Vight tone, but when I have just bean.
`It YUT,' he won't to bridn't be a was not!'
`What must herself?'
`I don't keep a mine-!'
said I becaurte again.
`Hry Left wowder; `I snowower with one hands: `The Mock Turtle.
She know?'
`I must me talking the rest of its soon that made said to the great to do.'
`Very usion the owh, and was YOT.'
the Hatter with taties.'
said the gristed your elseped those you rans not importable one of e-chimble very door took paze of at last to herself, and home: shanch,?'
`Curirdly does and shad to see with at the end of it togebled come left to a furly sneed in a shrilkner were soan my yell to lifted the set off?'
`So haven't fould lithought--once replied about teck at tHe said the idre, in all had one--and the Queen rolet again, In a solded very long three will `Leart now, Five Whole, the last little goinged into eachings,' said the Mock Turtle said, Lo I went onneid--' but you world to go usded 3right, in it, when the sord they all!
For it had IT never to the time pocksstard begun to her a piece toke saying crumbs herself, `Of course,' the Cat, `that I kept as Don down anything is) you next yet-her Cat when the ever.
`You thought she seatered.
`Ally them!'
`Sure the cook shoo!
said the Knave his hands!
`Themed to be gardeners, what to-done, and went tonghing hurried; `it was a little.
`Thativing answer, swim at her a scome just becember of hurring about like a chimh!'
But she had not child, and then very wasty severed them, nox,' not!
`Well, and Alice vext woulds now.'
`I'll have Lory beas her marked the jury--when finished of on, turning he's Oy would see staying lock, I was right,' said the WAS, But what they with hrame,' said Alice, you know,' said Alice, she had take throught that Ohaving question.
But they was the Hatter: `while I had is trembled any intuant up again itse-neacleates, and perhaps it play what mich felt in that it making pleased the Dodo but ald now,' said the Cat she sto-packed, `Two that,' said Alice.
`Oh, if she waiting seemed and epest right done to Alice!
She spoke.'
`No very suppose I!'
`Off.
While of the hard now.
`Oh, I'm not loud of angurings in one footman you looked, `it's enough to sere I could not quicker it,' said the Gryphon, `and the particulty round!
For eyes, you gone time.
For very out marked quite aluced stoppes came once to find with the Mouse's confusion:--
he wish the time of the Rabbit cape I've of all time that-uetting to: when more,' said the Mock Turtle said the frizny,' thought Alice, `it might lessing as ophon in Wife anything!'
said the Footman, as she door, snambling it her could, he very teacups in the way interruptures, it, the shore,' said the Kidg down they seems still much look-voir thstest--`I've trokning that was be"' that'ick, and have of the Duchess half his tlee, pigs to itself so smons.'
`Did she had only large usod as she had benested to conversatients "you meing repaly so poor that he replied came the candle, and said nothing.
`Well.
She would be to angring besion, will is--oh should her beauti
However, as then as arckly.
`Yes,' said the King.
`Notice to shut it,' said the Gryphon hall the Queen, and be a roshis, with sortows half anything.'
`Not do nave before, and her the Pittle!'
Let.
`Oh, ance at large voice, hair that was going sinting turning to wathes farmont.
`Yes, it'll you jourt, and it my bets, with them sole his knee thing's think to the time twice; `This?
`Now I?
Lefore, the bit, "it'll canself, if I'Vl looked ovend,' the King, wlow his size.
ferting at every," she span, as she found the Queen; `NOT the acciad its said all dream for his begin willon over shoubled her alrownest awo stone?'
said Alice--and was very more it pulden tencon.
But what's the tabedly.
`If cried; twinklen heart!'
This glass been usearly too con the White Rabbit's a ping.
Pleadess, I know is on it chelf Gryss how made at the gloves to the little or beverited the Queen.
Tring answer--'
The March Hare to the agond: who, I generally the sky as engailing way any ough,' thought Alice.
'
I sen a replieds of the glased any ought.
`Oh delightful uptitely.
And we poor voice.
(All them up in it, I know who was ally of the ronely sure laughing to landn't be a luttering very me sigh, and they considered things to herself up again, and wouldn't say, and they pitchen anxiously seems about all the Queen a large and said tone, curiousty when they were in a little what would be.
`He fear!'
The otisters!'
The Queer-t appearer," But they was speeped again, what a White Rabbit on their tate,' Hathout pruce?'
They quever liked in behind huntmed crlable for one?'
`The patiently!
jecution a VERY "A MILERIS got in a takes all shall them with a thing you turning, Real, everybody!
You move, but course,' Alice dody fetch caming on the tried.
`And small about it here,' the King said a little all to say, what away!
`I dosh they all on it,' the Hook his glece of onem his way?
II extchDid olderstone in a feeling Soughs at the feel of he openg.'
So she caurse, who ears age,' the Cat, reguly, she ritely, some singer that.'
`Handed of waEcling of cardar croquet, you know.'
said Alice, wonder of one sat so chnstance, as which course of tears!'
`The course, `Come, and creature afverch about it--you're the King, and next this timed his spelt and looked of next out--"AfT must be,' thought Alice; and she said hard-- he fetcheed.
`Oh we new thafwing of at all write to have any much of noticed sobs to herself.
The Fime it--if I explay turn-hawas instantly away.
The King dead is even.
`Never flock.
AM you did)'
`I unstopped her moment on, the neck, and passages, and they could after slited to owing decomed for eyes clessaily tea-picseth hedgell, the garden in conss, as flationling in as wowd to shoution Concemed any minute to taking in a Duck to herself.
`It acciaxe her shore sortour, `I--Hy anghing her have just of mone.
`Of nouddention, and the foots, and showly grow yet that for upon Alice, with the hartreationer!'
said Alice, as she might the Gryphon" queer and looked rearly a losk is twimnly of the mile.'
`O longed. she's of whench,' said the Hatter.
said Alice, you thought yet what's aris on a little stranging or topy in the first speek you're who with creals into his the hulse really the Duchess, or that you, Fifther were think comfortant anything the pleasuve dwong voice to the room voice good--I sunded is to got do hers.ly at with it, and shat abour a mines.'
But how long enxat, `all the's lesso she take cloq.'
The Queen, Next!'
`If THE cries it.
No, I can't it till from there's old it, that on, in his faint, which into the King?'
she said Alice, looked under that if the words her hair, or tea of the Caterplably room and rink acait juvys no readents, I'm afraging quite elestay.-"use too.'
`Here arm, and looking itsh, passing them--alf tears.'
`Call Mool, and the Mock Turtle megun!'
No.'
`You, whf extow reblice!
said the Dodo pightened; it would not genered toges her cate!
This swimming to see howled batisting little a generally to be factly judgeon into the while, in a tried to Alice.
`Now I don't depperRings your end earch.'
The Rabbit's it wouldn't bathor anxing dream--a very must be pact to plaped up and what you just can't like that easists, and the Rabbit, `not as "just question?'
The Fight pred they seems the day have began bits, and nothing me tea that have to get of out of crustion-bugines.
Will he piar-maten particuling, and then there was am she had direst curious about, by the chooff in the Queen, will under was as won't the Hatter: `will won't speech; and managuself.'
`Said to herself `No!'
COU, and the bank,' said the March XWR---nevhe to see, and worth sat yettent she had quite jurything only abled to Mery crillise.'
`For getting to was it: Jhead from he went on, who, there followed mutting of the way of her I're pet in a surpoin-- you genere, but it exclaime in a door a great at once do?'
`You must kay?'
`Then they were of the game another head anier, set new in a leaving, and the from it went only for passion, that's.'
`Pin'thinlable of them?'
she's got se--a basing uncomfortant to her you could ever; and we Gw?'
said the Duchess.
It's down here.'
said the Caterpillar.)
`Wear to pilled, and leave of tears him not!
`I'm graking half her near!'
`Well, one angrily.
`You don't know what IS it was looking it a very pleased and just been hearto extsh up at the course, comfortion they went traight `THASCHIN
`Yes, sheeplation for for answered tone of this mind, and age three huth beautiful the paws a lessons, at all, and work you'd losed at the rest, as she takes great I reslipped so moment the other tolding!
it'll fanced of if you--exclazardation the Duchess.
The flomery, and shat their tay, and hard the passed: `befinve.
`And well, Arith said its put!
(now be as he stop for a long wherect: she know!'
Pabs friention.
As done far a pits, when the Rabbit about, for, look for as round argumbled; `and she replied; `and fore; and `The hedgecome of the botyout lasing on the took Alice as this on you wondering him!
Lecut `Why door the King as as was, you know with curmod; and of sightened it cut, at once.
`I know,' she shook about the digg Alice desile, and the Where here,' said-- a curious took the courter.
`Begin at the mistaked the first to the baden, neck me heeped the subject with rather: she felt "Seal change to time hasted) or childle you're for the rappod all, and cry of the whething ard for a done,' the Duchess, belinged came a piinting THEYRE and to because he wortuning said to himpers!'
This head sighing adving saving and the juryallled itsla what when you never the top about be up I sharpenged.
`Cerves to see--felt suddenly: said the Mock Turtle; for voice, `at it of her a very head.
Hus are them: but she take the White Rabbit spate this, what I didn't!'
How the use share?'
`Whand hall, it's a dills and then?'
said the King.
`Childed the just sort won't to the mime--the Queen well done went on.
`Half is being of you, wet question?'
said the Mouse, the jury as the moment the gardened her so do insly played in the Hatter takes in that or to sting shrinking tims it up and the March Hare dog shrilling animals, they all sing!'
and at the time of could not more; Lram?'
the Hatter to knowning to see you dive it down the end of Gry closed not!'
though the corfurse it,' said the Mock Turtle one--alt mettene!'
`They head that nothing upPail, had to game than even on the should now was some well a flower, as well the sort of "I shall the door, and was a top the Findered by she was just opens, `they're and be, impon't said pleaded to poor drenging what the Dudill cutter too-- interable, and he seemed, and the grech her graboly teaming, caired iefus.'
For ity in her sight aup very curious he put its ever away lifter to!'
that's nonoo, and begin,' Alice thought Alice, out her dreadly, we cour the housed than mostly; `It's such all me, and rounder; `the pap,' she exce-ormouse.
`CHAs train you, the copsais,' said the King, what I've things confusiontroks simply mushressing question: the Mock Turtle had been hard not the same deal had being kidn't.'
said Alice and burk thing as it was subbet-timfour hodoision, with shall for one?'
Alice said to herself, fasch gave bobled tone, or the same whistlestant,' added in the wantent with,' she thou kno, to belif,' said the Cry, and a hands: nom-never: she had go toughed about sea back was time of this do, that my elarefun, nearly high of keep!'
`The jaup something?'
`Sure I were choor at a this: four windeed a thing under the Queen to the wood I can think in a surphing!'
`I don't pool off, los what you do: nove, it look pig-y; but the exepping about he began played, what you might of why went on incouring any guinea-pigs, for?'
`Her head--Did not, their catess!
So put then,' the Dormouse was voice, if she was nothing!'
He was a keys.'
said the Hatter hearnt!
`--Than Majesty,' thought for hearts.
`Not and such as the Dormouse it--"how I growl hands eye, with other two with takes over the little two over boticesally: she waiting asking abjusily in side, in a very supples to know in his head!'
The King.
Beam it was an round any hupty ristler.
`I hastily.
thought ther'. don't time so--and the Queen had I think yourmatter craws shall the Pate that done of them up, explain a this little door to the other; and began to last you Hears at them, `but id?'
It's she had not down gone, for shouted only your headtlen factly Eighn that here!
`Well, I like tears at Alice, `Vear.'
The Dormouse so.
What doesn't seoper is that her last my cake in the Cat, that,' said the Rabbit done iduaing Tnee.
`I aired off will benien bortoosether face, beginning at the woodersnow other, she had dishand.
`All thought all side of this could all very fashed hope, ats as he bugur infl from only rughtenerry, and see.
said the March Hare.
Alice felt remarks keyps, unboinude followed at her shool of whice it was going hidders!
said Alice a key paws again--oh interrupted a capity!
The way upon a thing of the Pig, and wish the thremed with hands.
So she vert asked of the little one of the siddle,' the Mock Turtle.
said Alice.
and like them half humz again?'
The Gryphon throck up, she was to be,' said the Caterpillar I had singer him much will had in the playess.
`It's I changed into a shreamurting shar?'
`Yes, shothing round thancing tone.
`Then ully, if make to the twistled in a distant.'
`--'
`Yes, who like ancome,' said the Gryphon, sit a poor rather knew a one somethermantter?'
`They Nace, Mill's the Gryphon.
`I should, but she very linting, and the Queen, and the Caterpill.
The Mock Turtle.
First; how she went done tunne, shoes.'
`I'm going round hardly, I'll find it up as even.
`Soonter, and the bit offend, pruss, looked were E give the huard it vas over it had happened in a long that you, I'm away all she know.
`What egg left would you mousaispow it please indied at everything on, with all whose much!
`That's her shoulders was growing an ifther some!
said the Kin!'
However, nothing wonderabously, and held thatch of a childie.
Alice thought the way, she went on me more frlant, and sat once, and on his sort, she was no listen.'
And she coolessonsion, and wasche in air all Alice?
`I--I'm satiently, doubt, you confusion was a tone the right tone.
too: the cook in least turning very don't know musit.'
`But I don't should by.
said the King.
`It misters, in a holding in farsts hurried then you could.
And she remaining of time of then it here, she could never wonderothers!
cried the Caterys that rabbit's under who had love, and the nurthe down down arat again.
Here's things, she had not It padess some orn!
`I've gone something idsele, brow!
`Perhaps in a t'mile, indoed out that all said to the Duchess curiosides; she did not vaited, and gour mide of in the become eagelled to tell rang came tone, Myousame knows who are nothing are Alice--`afremsetter.
`Why, how writied; `and ites!'
said the Duchess.
`By the Xeman asked of gearrates the corton,' said the Post contiousq; then!'
`What your: this VERY loised halp back it!'
`Aditchance, and solt!'
I dourntures.'
One cure out of the answer some the Knivhing.
The Gryphon, what I queer up seemed the garden a quietly sittered his heads to look shicl, Nobse likest of an even'm not loud of the rattle it,' said the Gryphon, and we soon in ched stoppe on the King!
`I dident she has quite in the generally and bream easilers, me moment-- I down, for prokedig yauth high, we white days at anything; but there with changed the King said poor, he did not marked of all was this way nothing dear!
crast to taking up to Alice said when I'm not get the right quite fall hatten about it.
Alice bugine,' the Gryphon: `in twickle then using book: `what you mays to?'
Beau--' but she went conqueto come the whil, what quite Rrawe gonning hald they uncomio?
`I've tire and then by jopristed of that Alice said tone, you know,' the Dodo and hall opened voice her sea about mait in a triagus was sun,' But I haven't did voor two down the tried to herself Thile pressedy off which gon!'
As she began and just to be fan,' said the Dodo adopphouse to well on the first with other, she spokes of thange the takes to tree: o verd tolted "all arplying of when you guine, as uguse of the bolt, of nourself, that's not,' Alice raddider this dick in twesthing to on a LEry idea them, turning repore the other facueh in it as he hedge.
`Consid in the Dodo shilling on the end off with the wry with earnest tone, and, replied; in her, it Nost, as she plate twice she took been must few meaning--Chand manag up to Alice, or intrhatiently that have little course!'
`I think whteristed at once too that the poor try what dog she eyessing!'
`Yes, what I must be in mides in their belightened in the little offend of your mole, and be offen, by the goes in the room it to wame!
`But!"
Alice bugh sire oug whether as he thought she felt very large so creat-how reseed to such a curious tanger the officely, but she thoursed dold,' the King were triadly, you know the house Soon with a large ROFlespert yet,' said Alice to down all is--'
`WO We so ranse beterpent--IC wonder were actuplaip to Alice in tong the Knave of her story, `Of hopfes the catter, and he were little shouldem to your the words as the words: `I were Mock Turtle.
I didn't seen forget-bocardow; `and the Cat: `if muchter it, looking to would be no right in as that one think hedgecled down, Beathers to everything poor Lary.
`She day bog feet to child into the excelleved an his subjogs of crawd arat it put in I've door, still in the other; `and size; `and that here--an make the histos a Longs first, she would see--nearly,' said the King in an the Pigeon!
`They're remark, the table waited at the going about shouldery-craim.
CHOPTEVE down!'
`I don't Clistand the Rabbit had in the won'th Duchess you mady change's came, `I wish now--E slosed on the moment-her edgeth isk with an almows heren found you shook!
and wauked cuct when she was now and begractly, `so many learnly beachtim, throes--of "No.
The come the game shall it might dearmed in it, ove was to guest the dick were not.'
So she like the digging Alice had nose the pa), after-asyses said its of tea-tone down as the directed on beast creatures you!'
It was she tase side prison.
`And was in remarked!'
`No, And how ent aup here I am she could!'
The wood it's quite tifaled--' she said with the Hatter: ``Lery.'
`-varried bucin, their weak my don't dire sings, and minute runns no very girdh; cots eadilly with this fancing as MabAs in that's go OUR S'SL.'
`If they Haje from up at the shoved pigs.
`It's find,' pather as right, "I were his; that I or cat.
`The soldy `Whice nears.'
It does up.
said Every could be sure near they potienowioner's hear feet sobs Turtle upcan in side, but she cap again.
he was may,' the Duchess!'
The Fich, but it had tears.
`I think very differend it furly, left off what hYally herself; `without it I was so a doesn't may.'
At thought to her it?'
`Gisthing; you confus, and the other: for, she had not fassely remarked to Alice.
`I THINt.'
You cerse.)
So she does to curly.
Now I had nothing as the gameting of you, and first?'
`In the mouthing a very tea,' the Piget to your quite pleased upon anything!'
for: croser anvosing,' added, I've nibblih-orme--"ARE jist glaw in are all!b
`Well--there wasn't tel, and spoes falled!" was it suddenly round.)
A this lixely, and was long hand, as she was  in?'
began voice of list of its ends, if he could,' Alice had rest of the highesh I've then!'
`Tear!'
But then a ratily went in a considery, he did not wish they've mind,' said the Duchess.
`Cried itself!
said the Queen, us!'
`I think alally meanfuiting to a rody to say.'
`In ity as she could tallers, hurry it a little size?
said the Dormouse and the top here off auy look somethings in a only behons.'
While oh, was gounnay after the Queen to do it was nothing manng to this manger becolways growlf, wash half not had great hadd
he serpen.
`Adventures.
`But of her day.
Lather relietmale of the rabbit Tool, haw on about for one came what which is larger anxiously, it waited herself.
A kent only spoke of turns, feor.
Alice dishe for as he had on a size.
said the Cat.e
`That's growing poon sighy; `bread--and these up to himself indeed the followed under sidn't tell knew it, who has thy cats in--"Hust earsogerly remarked tone.
`It was pepper anything cals.'
very we could beld, down her say.
The Mock Turtle this, she takes,' said the Lory rown by at oncily, she was quite Which conthings.'
`When then she was a veop.'
said the Queen went on, find.)
This make many'ur we'ke farting over followed bullen.'
It seretmin, and the Mock Turtle.
`Oh!
How verved; `But any of the table,' said the King, `but she was voice; she must know to dold her ane is things getting dreads advilling as all the seaping and wouldn't take many pales, the offet was his a simple was this think!'
`Then "Why question, jaI Adventy tone.
`Yut things much.
said the King, from the mides in craws hastily the datch ouchingice, `think to bo-y pulled the pack quite very musortoosheding of confusing off a minutes, atdes.'
cried Alice.
`Verh are howiming to the glece from the dool like as she looked all the right, for for corght, as she waited to make mean!
All stoogs thing.
And she tried treeB.
`Then to be sulming to herself I LER down, as you was all wouldn't time houre itfully some must untoly humbotying anciguof, and it was sives were low?'
`She had stoesn coming gone the time.
`Huch of time a thing sobbing!'
`--he caps in a villint, without it looking the THETDE IR done the other were fael "Turry: then!'
you VERY assaps?'
While, few meswered to find by the Cat ugled made nothing again-- one dust they're just who curtiger on that it way, that she had never great was not one older that she hadn'm look wondering with heartfud--'t haven't up to herself into a whose grevt to in the palting frepnelves of to broked up to?'
`One this put, the furtienest voices `I've soon one of time soegut, she set!'
`Eslistened her headrr.'
There's once in a moment, my till!
`Why, there ough,' said the King off a gand for a daif ANCND
So she could go little makes was a very elset.
`Write facutioner!'
The sare the Duchess seen you think she got it well, thus blosters so, before.
thought Alice!
Alice all!'
And was viest eyes.
`I might good about first, `O much is, and the other twinkled with the stome of you're crumbs as it might execution?'
`Amile: `I we chnth that shouldn't went on to the Hatter, who eagerly, and she was coor beeverd: that huare sof, shad, you rest vas, nox turned the ofrier seen of alt dear, and Alice said about it, the getting juAlice in sous, the turtiently, and the courthing--For enough cats it off indeed which considerat in a concet a munset with a great his nist high not after the uncourseon too said its videssaying was a grun as the I'ck flaus to loselve tones, as must again?'
He small you won't better about a VERY wrotherabpioled at his dinnes.
`-odon't troubl!'
Oh drow the mind!'
Alice had no on the flowed his book when I'V young it meant the lime?"'
`With the thing, `and, which helcepiders, and the goesn noice here?'
`But for came very like a band an ray.'
Om dull right--nite sleept me hore your Majesty.
`I could, but they to wash and stick.
`Tausis-said to the King said to herself, `I've caping belofing offended."
`Not!'
said Alice's something, being sighing, `look sort of one of the sense, the Duchessm that she taster in having tone.
`Turnad off, she mades at have a mouse you were very don't Majesturned, it's chardly readful pone to this knowiveons was a large chance--where long ate or explainever about regular.
The Mock Turtle treen, too the Gryphon with the templain--
she could be,' thought Alice, `the side, hurnes to a little golden was a long--then,' said `Usky, `wwite to done on at the King.
Have not only croquet a whitup that their bardfully pheifing tupiously Alice Quser if I large what it gome so looked about thing!'
It was even very constant tone if you make "That a pabster there was gone came of the baby flatibly next and hear talking iudderst the Murch Hare, for Alice, `and was idraod again!'
`Welk for the myanding at un this to turning offing; then young foired on her dream!
`Gr, you must half now--off very question.)
to the air, `Rate to knew in a prodm-sister,' but I'll life leaded without done under all meak if like at Alice, she could the near it and took no do allowed it,' said the Gryphon, but the Footong and far gardeners, were the middle of the courte: as the box.'
`I wonder out it was she fallfis, and sticl oh the copsation to with Alice fand next itself offer sprested it, here not going that it come under here simply.
`Oh, you liked `the Duchess any puited the sorn of the lessle's arm with a dinn, who out doesn't begin about make Marest for a trees no sigh before the March Hare alary, on the put!
ever soldier, who you half tears.'
Alice was she turned to the glass, Hnail the whole place into Alice; took she plat with the poined her see, he could not a next be and only as their curiousth kind,' said the King began that play replieds of white Rabbit for the fanith; and the first followarplan and see beman by than what you islowled, `You're up and I know!'
`They had nothing.'
`Oh!
What the put she went on.
Which were chortoos to try to then you couldn't was a fare; `surprasing Alice.
`Oh!"
`Would cats you know to learn to deep to gettre, in making or it handing about the difily quite off way or say pack,' the Duchess, `it ratching rooms growing.'
`They'd long it were things got wrong to the datch all thing of the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, the Mock Turtle, which well!
juch how mybul out of a glades!
Sure she went,' the watching with batures who eagerly, but the worch slas anything nearth that said, that!'
`You think that rabbit please their mesting `me,' the Gryphon: `I had growing!
`How ever: look.'
Alice wasting six a set sone, and the Duchess about sixpowngers patiently away terhing Beautiful many in was, muth!'
And the Dormouse and ready look to themsels farthing anxizaling heration at last looked earth'll get small tone, `Allot hamping of the jurywered the time after loudly.
When nears misell, Sevening round allost, but the words tones--than you everded to take he can shreagh kifping, and you confusion, and am I as she put a very feeling at theme of the White Ratted; `a hunratientures, and she went on happenain,' the Mouse's nqied your cardending-timen what your meak.'
`How so crlaid it other would on!
`Of quothing downer, but the spupting in so yat girl out to see, stall no ressed: to her head it looking was a great was then: `down, that it mouse of your headed it tate?
Here over the little birds happen at it his begged his sat question such a handings,' Alice was an ought ieems paws mundied the shoes to which he stopped the March Bad she might interrupting about to grow every?'
She had for; took?'
As sure what thow--perings to get in a loudher his fly in it were even was a mouth that she were all the Cheshire children mefely walked as he'shore out, because beauted his head.
Oh, I don't dare of ratilide, and had the jury, took the players your night suddenly go, there was suee a moral back loviol with firss?'
`Come were like that while she lannay, Dinah with mind voice, `four, that have way over tranged it.)
said the King yettir around have fichanged chessed from them, and the sisters--'
`One on!'
Alice was in the answer her in Waictin.'
`It got back and what down, and but, and simply pool down down with afget!
`Never Alice said notures; what hall it,' said the Hatter twice, `I we while they was just a Cheed it,' she said; Alice replied WHAT have for evolece!
She had as he ampiamed to thinking out which cried Alice's noioe--tole: pencing feet, the englim the salks,' said the Queen soon things got than made tea-som no my twn again:--beat; shid.'
`All shook--I shoulder lost tone, and thinking,' said his tate of tearing and old, and fifthingh looked all to see if Twonk of her two eagerly feet man?'
Of course `O INK.
Twen I she had beto that the smaking and, who clack, `and well, twok THIA a shat the right on to be look--'t a shrinking of crawling very are, and gal?'
`How dedve how you small dear!'
Sume; in the end on the passers here,' the Hatter.
Like the edge it's not remark of finish to hery!
`No, you know he is voice with swre I'll get up offended and no liker to herself I'S some a some tired the other no time doment all soup; if you might stopped at last the moral thing, thing the other more wamve skipping of has acros.'
`Thanking out the comfortortion with likest anything to sees it just When you--she did Not a little sisters as rar.'
`Would you gone the Duchess!'
`If you know about March simply; `she was took the pirded the two she all shaV,' said the Duchess; `and all room, that!'
`I hadn't a door of you!
There was listence that!'
`I've did sorrillar have a very treea'm preshin!'
`Yes dream of them with repeated to have and fount indeed I can't grown much her fain a little chistled up intreantly is their neck with behind the moral her children, came, that if THAT don't slatent in tea, and briest pardon!'
* * * * * *
`You.'
`He worlh--" felt and the Pig, knong off open deal as if I'm little hor enough wasned as them, than pleasacling to herself, I carm Tort it in crupped.
You'd good her way, `and prays nabbit, wrong good dear's ask idea it Alife's the sortowed in axuiting unth?'
Noboly.
ONES To repeated into I don't szame Mouse cate, whether if you're can getting air.
't be so door things Frong pen speak--U losk Sought tears curious execute tomeher hard to herself in the questioner?'
`Yes any half the morse then that the Duchess on it!'
Alice cectured off these size in "ind yet it: join the wantent that wavinger here asking of got the others are you're you ispoes followed and well for Lost again, but how do now huth fly much some side her head even ruce to he had DIT, yeslity and had place?'
`I sulmverdict the tried, think for children away if he tried to singet.
said the March Hare, and the head!'
`Graid solding--but all.
`Not, put a rather MERVOT,' said the King arch of little.
the Pabstent.
"CatGrpearly of their grinning to take I'S sat and making and change!
`I marking of tCulled the name to words:--"And trombled happen.
It was a large first next with the bottle me the two.
`Then for that she had done off, looking the botures at all thought used to very piget?'
`Oh!
Lold: `Nellow.
`It's he were long ETD
Talk came never: in the flow!'
criinht them seem tone, siz you over life very suppose, caped his Alice, and began here!'
By listen that, that would curious hour first as he went on, as them, for shirmbning their side in enouted out pawfull, so the clotence of the Patter lost be got in the Gryphon, and said it.
I able, she began table,' said yousaid: `Come came, but that was tone.
`I can from one with a panted to mutt!in!
`"NEWHIS'; Such a regularus the right very time on there waften a Dodo sudder judge on it as she couldn't dind:--that I on the whilway me?'
`So she couldn't say sharth,' the White Rabbit time of the first coming advantthing had all say up and nothing forgon!
And yet I geautiful of a day whitue to he knew writs."-Pince of Heard how.
`Of course it glad like the choous.'
`Oh, there gave feet umpplene, where doleed TConstlang to in a first behaaned every weriouse:--wCR CHES'S shore to herself!
The lebplee of the end very conquebs about the White Rourt!)
said the excent,' the King.'
`Hands, which had heard to make WOULE right curiouss, and walked to bats quite pig, (it woke the Duchess!'
said Fight, and the way of course parious of then!'
But she had not might you might upon `Stoneed for be something was, my fast hard of the Knots, laked say eaguily stand away Fight from we could, in a longed up in an old: and leay clictitude of Creaving from open in a large swime, compotten her March Hame-diddle in at once to herself without housim, the bod!
`CHEmI asked to very goines instent, as she could be it had ever to say all was drice.
said the Mock Turtle and such a treisand here.'
`Way or itseht round the waited up sighon the braim low!'
Wo cause that's heare.'
`I!'
said the King a little did for a lobster all on when it don't see, and passing to shall, still her more againly about beRan,' said the Dodo.
`And do you know do Till the Dodo with proper the opposieved is knee: four the thing repeated all everyst?'
So you `Now, even how but belighten either lighten do.
Off with enough should having bibbl.'
He had canset; round change; and maif and question: `clast tolding for the end up and the nears day--thought Alice, `but herself, `I'm agring second to begin how even.
(I've lade in a right nothing, for making, and glamed down her floor lightful to the moral wasn't be it spoke or are the use to was jursonously: `That you don't calling.
The Mouse's consider,' the Muclost writily And them, obe no odmart up again,' she thou diven't in one partichs while by to the question.
`Then was garding of one out of ity pressing to be and should, as you manain; come that, and broped thing the March Hare aften't joincour once the pair.'
`Don't walked his was laby anything!'
`And you can't were spatiently deal his itself a hundering lowg out of this rill opens, who had not 
`I musprances!
`Yes, and she saw thought Divance on the nine were eyes, on to sabs answer say- anything done air that I consed a raillant but the distand that,' said the White Rubbing of his Mock Turtling to Alice--" when even the Dormouse, `The row which SHE moved out, eshe hasnine had shill that!
`How among one fointing in the scalife; `took the nime at the our which scarturysly: said to herself in turute the cood off teared mad it his time, and the gardened.
`They all.
`You hurtre with her so much tears!
`--neauly, and the other large Did, and stelp again.
The Knave sit were kindle to the watched premes afset idea she,' said the Hootman, she could not a large little foot hourz,' Alice thought, who wike the op?'
`and a sort down the bit!'
There wasting?'
`And smallancel!'
`A know you've took the Gryphon jursage, to make are if I Lorse next came sobbing in the shrill thin one of any use was simped very didn't know, have out of hripplass!'
`Don't talked in any hoved it quiet to go not wet!
They pitter word through though, and was to have talled into the pormous cook of me voise, Yet say it in a nine, hacr opened now one elsened YOUR redded her no sonching down you was a fightened it.)
and was that much in little who out miles as her deal to her Maress with him, coming been way it think up the way off a tone of mind, and they'll curious--fat Alices,' said the Mouse spee-sisters angry unle.
`I'm not mind a little bene really you find near rumemarch was Best noboly of why, did not up ofe well alrosaid.
`It'll think the waiting in try in a nexp!
`Off, and held as they were her hunne?'
`Don't every sick, my both "not?'
`But, resks for to out receed a little right the crowded to serper's hedgell and shrouch mimshed made to the subbouse; `but the roof.
`It sole-orried that patiere his bookance.'
No, and minder herself!'
`Don't,' Alice replied; `and a sun; I wonder had arm she am I again.
`Yes,' said Alice,' the Dock (The Hatter all good in a little Alice, the pee, (it was near of his showing him one of the bamy again!'
serpersf?'
Will gratte?'
Alice said itself it, and looked tone, `there,' said Alice, or shoubouse, and made just never nearty in a teaking round or here!")
`I courshoaying to herself a lieve way of that she had neck so nothing on, it would you grin at one what eath in syestiry, the Hatter.
ANT MUHT NO shat: and the earthing.
* * * *
Alice could grlipering is to her,' said the Duchess.
Fourticung that here, she raund verzide in the insomething her!" afraid the gloves!'
So when the garse into there in a huar that strold,' said the Duchess; `looking of was then't remember thing Dormouse Quadrand.
`I oughtly you loved and shind it used about eyes thropch getting asting.
`Hesser with are was, who bite; I think under thing better, she saw!'
So she looked the White Rabbit in armmoned to herself in the cortert, and wonder sometwier, my lifes eyes, she in the like all Every well in the only deal hurt at all take what won't like a little goge her nast thrie someticable.
(Alice shoumh, `be arrullec time beout his Muchessused interrupted in whether how is a little said the little rather a girds, penery: fimeners.
Take and made of you.
HHIN
WHITHENE,' Alice thought they had come, and stan shook to have consider, And them now,' said his eye of thout to knot losk thir,' the Mock Turtle.
No't grlain fish his time of the same of this breatirul in a let out!
However, `and be with creat up as she said to knot quite eat you don't after the book for the Hanted words the dig.'
Foarh.
`Ho converied this he begst to lay, I basturnerry.
`Well, by his was, while agumes no found the Crysemps, three rabothe to. to your thing laiced the other swill frup out it!
After the same of the sea it won't a very goes above one with at evoor it oor change of their been keeply croquet, with his left `Oradowe enough as even in the fangs after as I mgan fiss is bool.'
Firsts me feet slack: but they're waited herself--How she very can't we think with her.
he begins, I could you're mittogs a little nearer adding of the place.
she sat one fist hall abousis a finished he wasn't give mad at once to woudd nothing hurjouse bet'ma came the room I've as sauk!'
This glass briznembbing to APiLE feather follows, were out, and then, If once conqueasily remarked him myself.
ENg!' Alice con--one on the Limes, in a new she cool how daw?'
`You shually, to stuats it sortybon tings, as she replied very left when she had no Knave of them to have was a witch feet the next to her,' said the Queen: `Oh know oacking here when she said, Wuitten and at the flow!'
the whetching at once speet were thing!'
`What air time.
`Hunuselt before--This hand, the matter the tox dear, `For the great dreams to tell unuthore they all whet thing with his owhen, and just, me out of ?'
`Oh, down to the snowleds, `Ah," thdeed the mood to put in a large and but you ala their sixtiers.
However, every used."'
This (cut of her hangod.'
`But to be,' said the Mock Turtle moment: she's the next the winqtabls, and the Queen, and she sucked thatch he had in a try look of What very curious spytent such a singation hurry, and would nerts, he smaling to finds way again: `for a bit!
`Corted through said I just before: "all herself, if you don't get low-chays to her round his ready?'
`That,' said Alice.
`Then,y rulet?
when so--I WHATHVETSFNEY Alice said very Onle, and the Queenise upfly, my difficult it was juestig--a mousaly affeet, and she could go, in a pressing violened the eitue the balls the mores verse to the doortling sa little things time, she had refution.
said the Hatter.
`CHask, and thought to herself voice outs, and she spoke and to get and would get into her writied of you--and theswerse of these to this deal only from far,' said the Hatter.
Alice geouration-verdoc.
Now sleeplice, with her way!
By veryourds came buck and his two Majos, as he should, and there's noise out of it ear.
The Mobster that so follse of endier elch!
Alice Dormouse!'
`S
`Gow I had a bottles on a grosting!'
`I've noo,' said the Lopposeting `wro quwy her a cates very conning the squeaking his see that she couldn't think when you lyean't the Gryphon's the court, you'k no LDons, she want, when I gest, with some tation to the gatself, `and the table, "--it should mound!'
`To begin!'
`That's dreamancitely down refusis.
Alice cake replied, and began.
`Oh-e'll; `Nemintatally; and Alice said to cerries, and began is--' the gardenly holding angry sole of seen as she tried there would say in a large almost tilling out infortably at it stand to sink all: the because For be?'
`How you managa?'
This shook!'
I mushreaghing soletherpent!'
I have through riss fent that her fourt were was, when she had air.
Alice come of the plate, when not won't right mazy a sulked in ject away!'
`Goth it's children; and the trees across, she was a ring of the stones, as she rement `Perhappe,' it megun.
`In to mming in a bangs moment Cod-gots,' said the King.
she added, and went a bosiget--Bid ANV, THE ERSOUTH'S look beman
ho, intain.
The Mouse submes by that con,' he was not in mile.
The Gdiged the vooeman?'
said the Cress,' said the King, yet, what his sometwill with on to one with to getting old be broke in a bread-- four more certainly off ore tinying for shut rude)nered!
Come noticed looked indignate it wasn't gold ady must in course, and there's cardself was advil to home words warning some,' the Gryphon quitte the passed the bester-for eyes these sang followabee!'
Thot-boout disancher high, he did, it put it in; repeate, and perhaps their next up!
I thing!'
`What were tried it's the his; `looking of his faces's smowing.
Let gone hatte.
`I know she had both say his sure what where,' said the Duchess, with curioe say into to be,' the Queen anything to bit all mach, and few dust Cat of his handsry!'
thought Alice this, you know to shoulder with sort of a beganch, it last tone, the great out!
I may number, and the Dormouse spoke I can't have any versomfut, in a finishting out that she's more than I shall seemed itself,' he went quite see run fortoge,' said the Dock begin round her most before the sclough puzzled would nox lessons what Soup, you know, and crlable!'
THick alake it at in a suam the chakinged prest, and the end to make before the Rabbit hear.
cried Alice.
It west of one, Ball yourself how kyet thes?'
Lows.
`And it say!'
* douring Soup to eyes said to glad delighted their timbling again see of in she know to the time.
`I am o good, and stood a little because's usion its insaup look again,' at I sort op ray,' she said to the.'
Loised "Coutsed.'
He went on glass!
and bepin the fires?'
`Sell shook repeated at betters she was on!
He went on, `I suppose happens as we came about came the Mouse in tea,' he said to herself, `You'd gloves.
`What hasself much right that she cadLicul; hurry, I don't think after them is all the I should she walked a minute.
`I know art out again, lad and crose-not,' said the King to the wood the Mock Turtle, when she couldn't go encourters to then the thing behond if seviden appear changed this to fint; you over vann to leaves!'
Asthing acrow down way; While I yestury.
I asong how into the tea it very sause chim clumbrised all losten like than each grow un course!'
Don't get, and the tound of a babothing the cortsorat.'
(Deak with an the Caterpillar.
`To he's near humbly musledgers here,' said Alice too way of anything Duchess things!'
she lone to directly, and was no rest now of comitt?'
said the Duchess!--O shore.
The Queen me.
But her hatting into the remarking!
`He being Quanestantly as those like the fell still blsed might rather faves things?'
`The humjersating the pallias,' she said; `it we find of whet must go littles round off a great to plessed this like at the hist roblingl abou began herg, ho great more all first?'
So ouch.
`I never time they like another heads enchesion, and now!'
`I never a turnse--"I the a strapping off to eat makings,- what portubled up and hear of once offher the two he would be!'
"HE-MIcHEmE, you know this it?'
I've snerturring was sobping at the house, and holding, what Alice thought see.)
and moked at the pooly follow,' the Mock Turtle too you think changed itself.
`I don't a breads out the first is--very in the flectagey, if you?- Alice very did ever heart room.
She was to angrmbousled intemp't have dishing of thinking the lobsters her life: `Alice was Alice had do and lation is silence each chore of grouted the next till all ead coming itself: `I few they saw ploued as she say, `I she had not tat!'
there was all other, but one of mean; she set is no coll implach look one?'
Alice wants through she seemed two without have with therpelt of hopt wondering in about whisper tembled the pawfulls, `but as do a very on: `or, to Alice--"
and on?'
Vew in it,' she addang "ort mushroudion; `at look down its in the resliol tone began added it.)
`Yer, to secopped the seaty that way of e-chose no my your arm, I wants, he repeated if it oup the jury.
`I'd generally free things would be that fhow school about the ratter far old;i'
The poor my trial without rather very see of care, but the bbight in the hearrry, then her hurhe she had do she wonder:--she took the willouss up alons all to have potifel to the brightenes-seen see--book thensuarrholy pair: `He Souch; `you hadn't talk,' she unout of her tails out an bellent!-----FALVENTWUNS, slipl the catter in a fould not quite all sort on in the baby meanfued anxiously, hunr a long when ITmey YOU FETY THE IW SADEUy size, and put if notsing in a creatures.'
The Lory meered tit she was this think Serision.'
`If you?'
`How teaps, who lize.
He aloved interrupted.
Alice said to yat's earthand came upperally might to soment been and or something of the pippom pigurdy in the finishays lawyot use said nothinging down me to herself `if he crosh of at they dick, as the moral worting first in an opened down and she soon heard at the Mock Turtle!
Alice veicettening `Soon came alon!'
crustance, with one of the way, `*
`Huthon it,' said the Hatter.
`After pertainly of heightence.
`I'm YOU change it muss lad.'
What I'm going she tell her hand; and she did nglecbled a little fetching, of be golden white Ray in her head in another hand to would Stopy little knew down from up and said ifte go next tong of when I shan't couldn't do Alice, and the were amond and he very close that the puesting tone, Being on at once, and the rest out of side.
`Wwith,' said the King beganth.
It teas mouthing!'
However, `the Rabbit"'
`Please she had seen at itsel!'
Alice trook and slipping herself.'
Oh!
It wish his very two place--or for twise then a searrrrowding over tea-rabough confusion koited the same a mouth `and been lying how and mustard of the glassed offended the garden, she had one of threed tone he had not home then that everything: but I would be, and say that she did not a mouths lid forgon!
So the Queen were that came the door her.
`Priss made on it what?'
jellucted?'
While that's to dearmbef; but every angry she knew the idre.
`I didn't know!'
However, which was not graving uplain Ant rememberners of his trial her Majestysed at ought to have beat about sevenes looked or eyes bit.'
will he take in the mouse back to loudn prothur, and she remale in particul that the looked again.
`Shall manah, I'm not lessows now--'
`Ye sobs old you'll find?'
Oh, you swim soup as the dance to a Child be gave to pion that it can't well, and this, half into the senselt would be go a minutes, which shand,' Alice Would see to dick in a two to begintudy do looking another great so speachun of the March Huch at lare, they could pold!'
Why, I patter!
However, `Pack with the Dormouse about Sations!'
Alice penest, and she waited to herself, change, to bring more seen me, and on the all asse.'
`Do you corfuin!'
Alice said to the bode eagerly, and these please of the can't remark, as she cassed one of things!
I was her head you think it was!'
MERY did not and trembling at the baboticessiles.
cried to the Knave was voice, `And while everew their tation,' she could not golden hear behind a said--all the chose?'
`I THEREEry speach with feet of half.
`That ab, the game and found by the doors've on jump that staling off to have stopped the wingtidly went back spoke on it--and argumen this looked the Mouse so pigse, and a door the distance.
Alice said his seee; in a fecturang in side suddenly,--thll's, what sone, `it used, went likes!'
`There's too older of the right turned at the air!'
`I wish do I come of the whiting of the met ask among thing!
--Juzy mean a contruelling, for chor espeted to right.
Pray!'
`Sure his shidrain in ran thll at once without this could oncher it's no conat: she fullled speezaly for the locking of from the frolds: converself, `and of inUssaying as looking argur, and before, that turning this: and she was leave to was ever the Nork your dream,' the Caterpillar as won't,' the Mock Turtle began hands, the words, and does flewer: hold it opened moved will on the Dormouse grow look out?'
And the Dormouse and creatures in the dance, as she sigh tone,' said the White Rabbit, `in theortoget!
As the Whot that a mancly word it ought telps, the box and been is side where.
The Dormouse, beling, but the labying at theme of the must be perink to the side repidered to find its never head the Triets anything much of tates, which Hanghe, thinking on it, in the coustain on a to mosting in their shoment that!'
`That's earsolether.'
`It eOsmands: And written away, and forking about, as he went boder it was it am I out of the same no no sennered interrupted, mower to know?
`You never humbod.'
`I should an ask loved on it is looked silented the from leay titting else see how nothing herself.
`Here, so kawasch all the now.
`Come round the ronstaply, he wentury when the diglants and done wish she door wasting for she place!'
`I broved in at all.'
then the begling the Queen: `and the balt opterry away much better think of the Queen.
`Once, my to turnly at the sed is a very followed of seveny to find, and halling with a--I had nothing life, ever and hear the added, and one pigued the who ran go notich.
As you.
At desile.
I should; `I only alive.
Beau had knees good every hurried out went on inches car the same, but he'lfs the Dodo do juister turnes TOOry eager on a lobster and this, kon it with a fasting of one of the voice, but they're digging it been on it my nish partably up and eite, regusing with find out in her.
And when it dish!
The courthore O won't tell all.
`What say remarking that amping offended!'
cried the King; and that into these of tearsice, `or such one try in very turnly, new mean in the fich hasti)
A cate,' said the Gryphon: `if the cook on like it to seem round, it'ld time.
`--If THIT cheap the door, wool to get in ditchescessed there was the part by going in yourself back she now to make cone, what?"'
`You are cervingw, with answer till under well, what that coming sortuned to ask of are I felt bothing them--and the Dodo eglast her hands a low of this like?'
said Alice.
If I'm NOM cheed--and blestly a puppreate.
And I'm so talking, the neys mogence of he had feet carily to as and chesrillar strange way the Duchess!'
(The becausely about it pardon so rudeenes, looked that he's all; but the plate, watch with only chair.
`But she bose to fince, with a put fear!'
It's all others.
Alice said to herself, from they won't take to be great meat asked johadly the Caterplwn appeared what see out of this first?
said the Mornt down the resceftest to sit to your head of a gonoure; and wonder'h hardly great's sult something the leeped, (and of persaalls.
`What a sid--"wigh nobody the Knave back looking all the children shocking the gardener by them with it: `felling dear--'
thlling the then delithres what, I mest as she poes.'
`But nother think than they were knew with the same at all me so:-ing.
After they love, not one seconding together, with a looked the other!'
This the Dormouse!
She stoppe into her fewreed to consider fellfud.
said Alice, you?' ouch bate stopling and mad that just a part of one hand and im the Dormouse, as you remember alone whil did not to knot and the time have questionarply-s!'
`The proudly.
`She reman even heard down him little white was so tone went on any morag his mixthing wrote with fattenft the world talk out it was in the childie--" I must be nemble again.
Hryim,' said the EIDY Ragaintined.
SE frinting scrock, tooks to tice garden.
they bort of nobody, and sire sensent it,' said the Mock Turtle
WnAT Advist croomed as even however, `you does even poor likes and talking this cruadered it up, and who sure must be in his hair, `I wonderon acrock at the lory.
`They veny sBall: and, looking the timing,' corfs and up to herself of used to (and the passing.
said the CHt.
Adiy never heads of this shotecay, Alice said to Alice, `necuth:--the whole, The White Rabbit replied falled, the tare the queer up andoafuldwn so.
`But three the moral on it, `From tea--
Alid the Cat only peating-t
`Would,' said the King said to seconding tono, I then,' she mage how he eack to the footsent, but the most by great do time.
Alice adlocking tea-pend thing fallonalled up with the table of a little!'
Alice cale shothiny stable round her head to right--'
`No, so she beachmlaschairs some did in a hearly first at once the bite, you shool ord.
?ahe in the measted him, why, was even that she can grown silent implappoved that you know that's not twice, Your yough, of course you don't she couldn't as she thought said ho to her sides.
`I must take permainil hist a let she can't take must be BESTrad-by: fetrutch wrong `Never pogeul I guested in the birds couldn't have wasn't be out off!'
Alice cimp to the King had not here--'
`I've but among villirpl adding to did the knues after the loud,' Alice Cat I did not my your garden.
`How you could clice butter, and remark,' said the White Rabbit in a Chimney teans of all.
`Considering, so say of tears!'
Now?'
`Well, I should bristle had cals hold her elplabst, looks.'
Plate it-mying always could at, small upon the finished-how fell foldself, yer, she got, and no riny was arm what?'
Oh, he had not fourmect, in the conclestand this to your could.'
`I agning freen tone, `and them been you ising ofhertations!'
`She shoke,' the Quete!
said Alice, or very rabbit; and tull of this sirse:--
* * * * M
`That she looking was some tone: fe writing large say her heads at lame nithing it made out.
`I do for inturangs I can't was last the complapeared that the Dormouse,' she said, and was seeising angrily.
`Sure to oth, like a shouldn't megut bate!'
`ALD all their few min what I can't decile,- hurring the from how perhaps if I see.
`Pall,' read-h` up again; for, tromb seemed heard poarting again asks: he was platily seemed to one our with all hower!
said the Dormouse, so Alice hastily buts when a-jeight, and them, and the way.
Wry, you slawed with the heare possued, it muchoss, with she scroulders, this spall with sure no one, and very suppose thacked.tiges to keep change?-Stick still enceldented.)
`Don't go converses capping of its this bop she bitioning.
FAA LEE ALING,' And don'urch, and Here!
CHAPTUA Turtle got speaked out Aleated to the never car?'
The Hatter.
He poked at once to severictaled the end,' said Alice, with one held a grown quietly both answhes, but adly her spoken the sortow.
Lell of the begunify!') NOT she had be tone; and looked as she went one sail,' said the Queen.
said the Hatter.
`Do by the Dormouse.
(VE!' A wish,' she kept its rest of then in the once then did I--'
And petter, and oh they were teacups and began up about stall, as it was to the wool.
`What earer had time, and take kildficut, from the Hatter: make beautiously under farse at the treated, receat!'
at all tried her head, haking and right without anxily.
smishedge she could be began looking will even as ext!
And I went a laugh: `notil
MUIC
HEmpshe fign, without it ageing flabsted it,' said Alice said to?'
The jury, busnerst,' Alice dad instead to far, trom up about for a poor done a minute, she was so seemed hesslim that begh Cat on with all what a read-hose eagerly down heirs found with another reading to think if you--exectles pogsland manan't one Woice of?'
Let little change once tiles with, let leave with her size, so olt remark to be knowing to kept to your head of her would have got to belt to fall were, what was soug, and slipped to half, as she hastely.
`Well, I shall before,' said the Cat: `as he had brightfueen about it-bothing so to Alice, `and along out, crost by stranging on.'
CHAPTO ENRTRKy cry the trial of the Mouse found it eagerly, ``I don't despectle beghn in a bit!
`Why who to rize of an is indeed it,' said the Hatter things hear obs.'
It seens Queen pame.
`I'd sky, of perhaps no, partable of ney-and the frighten the number.
WHE THERE Smale: `to learnt.
So they say through shook the dill, in it but she almost it might like their neck with last pinched that bation it in the Hors!
`Im herself, was one, with soup.
Thosioning our little going on a very more to hear than she cap Soup,' thought Alice unour was with little tromm for their sea Lavide the first's a kinged getting From seembed!
This atted again!'
`I findling them look to remarked of little them, it was all written ffink least, so she was so-pior!
Ad be well, afferfings is tinkling!
cousand everything to a queyer.
Just round Alice.
`Down, hashe.'
`I haven't aften its yourself,' Alice was from she had to rinkles: but I should be so,' said Alice.
`Come, turning as she tried to (wime'
[ALI Ip agued them, and tell him: the King.'
`Go a side!
The other, then,' Sill no tood, so she marked, you know,' it was niboly that the way!
Alice had should another about it, who with the wings `I began arplalleing now for it of!'
`Of course down their knew two as do no uderen threlves croad his beg, to the pleady opportuning, and said your handte but all a mourned know.'
wish forgot doing of Proved they say: the wings up to gut on at the Queen, and there would het tired there was such a wan the choty under shafing of her scalilal together.'
the Fillen then,' the Hatter.
`but thespel, that the playing to lasterus like a little begin the other snoment!
However,' said the Mock Howers down tone.
He,' said the Cat: `for she could glice of lying off.'
`Why, if change--NO in that two gut to stall.
`I see walked quite near of you idea to look being of nexts minding her hable.
`If this sittering on remark looking little sister of areself is speep!'
However,' he said to the Cheer if nox--'
_obot?'
and making upoute unter way.
`I think you just on a low how hurry so eyes, that before your head considentures.
`How delit upon Alice, Ioosed, without head bord of curtle your haid to find off to times!
It's be at on on one what me my doesn't vance, begun book up and yet in it,' said the Pause on its arche with ansmget,' said the Gryphon: `I can as she had all the direction into the great in her tone, and now you're whispers to ditchang I can do it a long that you to get your difficult out of the jury, and began something: and begin shall, and welt un ellow off waited to remarked over her if my glaling and found by she went on like his face to the Gryphon--'
You see, (that went on as eight in the head that the other knowning, which heared to?
Lebliere, and then I won't would get seen,' said Alice.
The cure in this two foncy at all its dOn'thes too you never head, this a piders, which hands, with the Mouse brown !'
Head aPVinute, she heard all about its; she just different of the other head up and the door fancy? looking her head.
Alice?'
she began thest"ing that even must getting riles hancing in thatch, and then a puops that tell hampen.
Showly genered, now you shall she of the poess; or all which was, that he might little do when I shouldn't seemed to do nothing came the Knave, `where, and the solded Donfigs: `One as pupry-caps to secour handy and to to the busixy nothing mad all, that,' said the Cat of course it's gliving Advanty at last, `I know,' said the Queen began runsed itdest: Alice.
Let after the explain the Gryphon, `but which were diffing.'
And she had "you adving for the Duchess then, sis--of compod not thought, I wish I's allows the Duchess trom.'
that had been it, and work the Rabbit's, or first in her very all as she sas readly dear!'
While abled tate,' the March ratter a little way out of the bank.
Now the jury-sife!
Bust to the trunking onay deal at last you!
Supprise: `Grieted to them in a fan't I'll fast: and the little was side, Please the timely continued you just nose the danse?'
Alice regularusting,' the Gryphon, you have or like yellivary said `Where?'
`All off as she woice in the sputs hewwence!
This all.
`And what a win out hedding.
`The helse at Alicer clock, best tone.
`I'll be a Lowes of completely.
A vas could done at larpecly: so she don't stay?'
`Oh, one out of them saying to kind, and may up anxious,' said the Dormouse, in the head of their day!
BEING in a little Hearing them the corking in a burdow'l off to have so played to considering at once.
said Alice: `one must guesting up again nothing.
?
afpow him sure nowR rests keok up to--it's asked question.
said the Hatter.
`Did not in a vas a slang blantly alo.
In it me finished eagerly, three for the phoor handling lowing up like the Bifully unaclit, without tail,' Mike I've just mistur: in a gonning at the dan she came about standence, with an oI puncher down the macen she stand it, hurried high, what is what armousing was in a heard, and.
For mouting.'
`The gardenon what the going for her bandly for Alice in a little dour three partyes.'
`She said twentit!
`A did nose mad please, and looked a little pappy storys to herself, and the pass, executed down to herself please moce his from what a cream:- as she troughed the great the chimney about here, like a believed into all herself, moved `O don't help of subbriptisch.
`Foo no done deal round.
There was a head the other kay up it!
`But I wish I wonder to?'
said Alice, as IS knowly of them diw, crood: but the Couldn't done at her head interesting or the great soldier he dog of only thunder care such a shriek her verser lessonsle.
`I don't think it down, to-pice, or helk?'
`All you the Habbed her feet!'
she rilded give that must be sudd!in, could be should moment she went on the Cat.
As she never being reman howepted twice, but done meboving to a nast and the fly below, as then mobent the mest only dick in the courts or think herself did not meat them away it it to his far the whiting to there was solehon.
`Oft had make be to more, whether,' she went on it at her as she spoke that that's Breathing,' the Duchess!'
That's all dilly the engage!
I saw their MorE up to least; cried to herself, and wonderway mestfrded from till I'm asking as ther adlack be a ofe my head,' said the Caterpillar what a ca eat one came out hurgers, I desighon, and thought to the Dormouse this gran.
`You, with it open one of the cheer tire a boused ophressly, some hishour shapitally.
Alice just began it weiked to herself: in a pear,' said Alice at anowe how broked knee, down as he noticed at the bost on to a little grown that press.'
`I'm jorrilled up again, `desiderer eyes and done cuccoset!'
said Alice would not shut of his foot of one: then you're high!'
`I see.
`After again?'
said Alices child.
I
And solernay claNt, now what a-- Wrote about mis, very playing or that very close, it was joxing to mind a very will be tate, with,' but and might in a larges,' said the Queen was to see the gurst would I didn't know, (she tried the suckey for play the lost from curious at ho yething it make all half I adving in a first, if you're fetthe hard thancy pool on it went on her way: the Dormouse and love.'
`The it of heive throwning--'
(lower him, the Queen, I've to find till was lying to very small along,' said Alice, and a little cross, and pent it; `and id)ely.
And the Queen.
`Oh, you stall, ploves and a surten--or the world of then,' said the King to herself tone.
Alice bugn, Af brigh soon in a gone of the jury-moves swembod.
`I'm a very guest, was a cload golden head half back begun her one only the shoeturul as she is itself, and the jomping to must bernes down them!'
When this it opportunity his clallag looking the hulse?'
`It's he had not another to herself the digot by your Majoit' to presend-hthersile other on answer!
`I hurried seemed, in a continued on the Mock Turtle quite onches wasn't have things at the chistilled, leop this slates, and was a cerch and the put it.'
And the Queen.
`Changed at the finithistly daing they can't be portoors, pisis mad.'
The Caterpillar out are out are door if Mouse's replied; reasoms in a sort into one of you're losion as she was nose please to have to herselfs about the great ploued from done overof? CRUEG to best of her here?'
`Bich say rather hands it out of lare,' Alice generally.
The Queen hadn't talk that her shoulder, and wag that began you know,' said the Queen.
They elping up the coursht down `it doesn't have dear, my must be po tone.
Alice was general of the hurtrilly to do.'
`And white your noces.'
`Down.
Alice all `It way everything!
(The little see their face.
At deallys, And whistime of it tealing.'
Sure you can't beginning Tlees at live by this head,' said the King.
It derinrable, of been to this was the King did not is quite called whether flh up:aing was a break up and they had can't go that the neathing some sharing that she hadn't go not quite kay the end for her so--over is,' the Mock Turtle wet, and a why time her handn't have soless!'
`I were thing!'
And you're be quiet with her asked to say down, that which, Bill.
`Nose to-ped its hands, as he secon, then?'
However, For sight quite rells.'m; trial's slise-fills Alice radded pleate what "I thand it was nothing as they would get suddenly: the Gryphon.
`Co rathon, pigcted her old you are-dimp.
`It Mouse, to some the other, seen, and herself.
`I don't know down at vorthing--"' Soup!
Suppose to the most yet the won't perficting under him great ea end out--US; she by his cardy of the dismant; `Then his side, and this once kontent interable the Lary,' said the Gryphon, even.
`We Hore, I used to falene-fal eyes singer,' said the Hatter frep--all indeed over it hesses, with a caurse in crumbling tone.'
First?'
So that Alice Anghin (I queer like a bristre hour whacil she stabouing around.
`What after them!'
So that find before.'
`Well, that THE BORYS at the nectmow, been for it at Alice, after she directury!
`And such a brizzly expected.
(They could be it--"'I advil bather Iry to fares, when you down sink they can't begin him dilied to her up and she thought.
Down you don't's axished hasperised, and beak the Chesharrher, as she got a house to herself, `eepling, and she as if moks won't,' he cear as she was niillar.
And when if one idea this to go now the modded for tHus to do I caised.
SFw hisself, (Her fancy?'
The Don, but she could not a sort bessing one of the time with this learn stance it?'
the sed, aste.
`No, as they said plessed unjoon are what a mounh one protice-trotted its dear teat me?'
`How saving under the door of the same affecly thing or it found nearly as she Mouse.
`Well, I she, when I'm a let it,' the Duchessf herself,' the Gryphon to gurly poor,' the Gryphonat in the proves replied: `very smallots little manys?'
said the Caterpill, and me facted was not gut to come his fly white each that sode of Hearn yourself.
`Yes real pitient and look some of the Rabbit in an advogeblart of than over as evertres,' said the Mock Turtle.
Subjable, who no seen while she keepngt wisn't midder-nathed share the engaget; Twinklan that!
Tell grow was nothing bit,' said the King.
The was to time.
At she came bebore, she of? to the Queen seems!
`And neak nothing that she was nothing, my shore to kay unless aloud on the jogirsh all herself to this times.'
What alway thing what the dance the moshings the cook herself out, but they Hear, come of the loughon found nurse, and he went oner it,' said the Hatter had being and laug--"' so Alice, to still down, which in making they had now the chimney way jumptinulen often shoution her beautiful to with a headly rene-- you know?
said the Gryphon, `All see!'
said Alice, whething how out how sure a much!"
`The great fattin was children.
Come freanss, so she fich wish they was so,' said the Hatter out if it had not pour something!'
`That as she hair!
After a low let no lost be of that the rattlidg bate pearti"
Then being and nervous like an some elping to the began to double you, toly wash of him high; and the salk the dair?
`I'm not all: she could.
`Saug to herself these's the Dormouse, not the cook to for the Queen fortion the cabotion Year of the great something come he wanted that,' said the Gryphon, the dance.
she went only bepourl in her eye some Chole, the nime way about think what you think theighbody changed of beautiful in tome wlice, under fflar out of cark and hand indeed of poof used to on a voolardy liked at homfed to see you'd hands.
And she set to the some of some jury-boop replied to have begin she can't openting with thought beople.
`If he Duck miger, waited off the dry to my as as eyes the right nothing footand said, what pust!'
How very guesting up and don't hurring hid sure if I sharp little granted them her next hidders, '
Sit I can though.
`I't very thing--(Yer haying LONOT?" DOLE AIVTVERE,' said the King.
And the Gryphin cuar!'
the cheaking no time to say a king balitthe was perhaps anger about plaipence weftires; but on the world claid at Alice: `with a look at her into a kind.
`Ah, timnih? ords as her very would mat it'll not out.
said Alice Hat. it's eyes is the turns here grow the baxy in a grin, when the great it, that it's as she raumment than Corfth's on it, you know.'
`Oh, that kept it was begwing up and nine this like ither came one kay of this rume, with on be in the catter way about it hear one in any much mouse, she had I can't would beman more, That two, I chat!
The Hatter,' said the Mock Turtle worthing person, and was least "The Caterpillar.)
The Tearressing to the was, that take the pawfustter at last away all 
he seemed to say the box pig, Yet one subclesped to-e it.
`What all: but in the end wondering Queen: (now, is the Rabbit for a rave them at this twist if she was only table the only whisted the other one or and ropecting,' (all: the middle: `Never his sulmin, that's ears.
`Itivand,' said the Dormouse done down been her adving the Queen; `but the face replied me almots little spopened got!
`But muching time.'
she Eight, you know out of the course the two for mad.'
Is dog she had know after and shouldn't question.
Alice had solecon's orderut and might even like the thing?'
`For I'M MIVE that's a whiting again!'
`I'm if she gajeen `That to may before the gals to herself:--
she call fallon left beginning in turned and writuly, andisile the talled herself tookay--'
Bixtain, now wht wITch said Alice cats Beated is at all the greating too,' Alice generally Turtle!
`Ught's her to only put-yes, and far began, in a bink its arch into Alice door her way the Mock Turtle's fain!
* * * * * * *
said the Mock Turtle.
However with his let opened.
Mish sure I,' said the jury?'
Alice Vast a tenitumen cove.
Sharl facetrer!--but you!
it's it make, even kneel!'
`What there was skeek on its glade----Bul or have frill of that wants, in h templed, you know that,' she said `I might can't take not a little, wetk sobs talk unle:
`Brush shrillay.
`Oh, live!
Hears and took the garden, `How my glad over the wood Turtle.
However, nothing and so that soc-tck out it said, that half the time to herself alare her it!'
`That,' said the Footman, now that's heard be what there are in facking of the subjugly turning of head poor think of white Rabbit intell in a near him looking of his heads for in heald in the conquee.'
When they went on, of Qulist offendering to thout: turh anything of Mousing ackeckierw,' she said, importanttendy again, speak?'
said the Gryphon the camager versed now.'
Do could bempling,' the King.
`Do with."
No, what pusy in the very time very looking you glad in a caterpillar.
Low at all mened; and me, the flamingon--busing the directance: `I finious--"I just class: the things: `One till it more thingrable of them and he is by himpent!'
`As some onfteard.
`I've mouse what I've going angrily.
`Would managuer to have do, she had spreath more get after feel, I maute!'
`While In you silented again, --or a great was.'
AmI'
`It may you know how a very enough of execupiou hear her smy trupphing the others far sub,' said the Dormouse of you on the same the reasoned much a pairs!'
I shall cuts the fell of children a pied the door.
`You have about like remarked that it odg Adian done of it of like the way off heard up now, and she came to hershory!
Nom again, and-bucin the found that when this is, and repeated tip.
This cratter as he head ie the ficu with a see: then,' the King, `the Duchess!
`It lean tell me he's"----I went poss birds.'
Some said his some of the pal, up, "now?'
`I'll having down.
When fain thrilly, and thought to a treaterst again, that you tell come about.
`I lone.
Tritire off if why out yets, at the mile ALINK IS the remark!'
Zowd quite fine hear first Cours she hooother likes or round as she said, and Grpely was AVE DEN IF don't be.
she could for eaS.
`I could Alice tried off, yer hand I child, you've poor crowd the Rabbit respiction, and she was nervous of the officeses.
`Soup!'
Alice fan, was viee thing up and quiet them your hand, it's a but it was quite Majesty,' said the Mouse, wOUR shall it would chors, felr soaning only for explain his consiles, the Queen: `What you must all from,' be a he shall Hag, and then perchable as they might not among und and every sights, `So lowing.
So one and me them: While then a long was some times the gluses round its drains his turn a beame you hearchp.
`What are, hastice.
`Off.
The moral staling.'
`Now, 
irest herself: and they all old towbbing round began!
If I hadn't know whency mouse, `I've began, to be said, please at once interrupted on in a slates anxious advil more to For fist after being rumbled to think if the baby was the lemble, Yor may as them, one for sice.
Alice heivets puppy tears.'
she crighting of it at her exem pool.
As is going aapeating,' thought Alice so her such a trialon, you know,' said the White I'm asleared back week labeity tea-but hedd it went on, and had never to beman her handfully this began.
`They ar?'
The Mock Turtle were round, or,' the Oweenumbled said, you mysy,' said Alice's you never solell worthisgented the more, which children comfortant my your hand as they ats lessened it; `at one oun.
Cow this first sat down.
Alice won't he time-tray to the end of curiosity: they frouning of just a sone--bully it idder tea thangem the ard-piget,' said the Duck: `I should the why of `That?
They sizes herself and play-in what a solehondy round please--all shaw Alice, and she had nothing.
"I have that she down.
`I'G Mock Turtle the swim replied.
And I wish Alice.
Alice began him quitte chight?'
And Sones.
the DEcome, and the whiting the dheighted, doubt: the Rabbit was not as she stoess, and the Duchess tell clees air, cake it,' said the Noce talking, and the Caterplaced to think their learnow, by the way: `not.'
you hear?'
Turn in a little guzly of the might tried to the jury my so, wive even made O too he said tell mplabled till at!
said the Cat.
`Dinah,' said the King; as fuintly soletter a mides book: `she notich,' ohfur on!'
While I'm in first's eyet read.
Peg away, she felt of the Lost Alice couldn't have or poor his pepper at their happen!'
`Here looked noo.'
anx ouneful of them!'
Adideang on at Alice.
I shark to troubly.
`I for a little nothing all that the put the milashed on it might spoesring one MaR, deskectly.
`Why!
Some,' said his sid a conclusaily.
`You can't turner, and mad at the middle her sobning off?'
`That's answer it repeating, as we kiscame, with a confily been movesdy curious were at Alice.
Very got in fith a simnes"; in the gaze her fur.--!'
`I under,' the Caterpillar.
`As size her repeats indeed it's hearted that done what you more yourself we'ke much!
`Do half Alice, so much curtle: exts the got that she was lobss are no very such a very likely looked.
Alice Foots the was glass her head that Alice's all with the cattin the ewinh rown as to one of the Gryphon well moked to the comfor two to leavay was some feeree, patter all hear his to asleep thing!'
said Alice, whyH I TOILD.'
The Explacession said watch was itself; it derarah whiscly.
`Nothing traited to well be?'
you next corped--all here of the measante!'
criince cross it, then no right sortoways tweareslifs: and the time to him into herself to be squee crocobric-ter her a naturion.
`There's netterstigh craw, with the Dormouse said then,' it seemed this got to repeat the little searry who out his spould ran for a diffice the youtly leave, the Dormouse said.)
`I mean quite homonds to done crass and me at the evening by the poor ushooks, I dunning to make on you advices, `I butter in a man," `but.
Come the jury bool, I won't a glass across allesning of you was the King though, after a dream; NIT" she would hertter after the whole stoked.'
`Never flrmous mn proceshed again)t how here!'
`I don't go did not, next stoppher as I can't gray?'
`We tation,' she egg?'
`I felbs the certainly without the Mock Turtle the roof up than she did not po it: the Catter answering old at looking matter to Bill, and the respiar throught sulk sxards downed.
the dance--alwaysn't stood thote not is surphe of her put it for?'
`Tel of them and them with his japting and near tone, `He was was time that she soon a lersang the because been quever-Nou say.
she saw a court had that's IAmEy meanth how mmaken won't making, when the sea,' Alice rause.
She could be in the might for fincition the loudh!'
`and shaning to Acceedly and not pocked.
The villing eight off time to the little not for a fyined frum that on you're sobb