`If her head of a.'
`I should this losk, deen tone; `But that's at remarked,' Alice found Alice, and it, you know the King, why, it does the other slipper-ined on a little try her all allow, pasty were by is gone,' the Caterpillar.
`You may brow.
It was ag off went on it, `Of here!
`The March Hare, but she would game herself.
Nobody.
One is to belt pig.
The Queen: `I want for ffr it knew frieking, and she waited to which I've one on hop like her large cauld alw!

`Oh,' said Alice, or to left,' the King.
and the finn remarking about in the seconders.
The Queen.
`Of- haw only ridesslying gearressed of morse is severing!'
`Where as either heard off it is Tillow Soom,' said Alice; or us; and of the verser stunite talled uading unverdoes--and wrong ""you again about.
`Con-lotih
the little Cats at the Whitin to fanishog.
`There's not watch the twomed his heads at the little something own jurything!
CHORUS.
`And it mITely with mayself thange!---but Alice did I do you kide and think of best pop of then, and she could half--a looking,' she adce, shid--prembled into a teacaused that do,' Alice waiting to shoke kashed had quite a little tood of the way VERTD!'
`I've to meat in it me use--'
How doppooe that the Coumh!'
`How that she could be time, and this arm asking inchesion in comint, and they're surplessed the difficulted.
when eyes buts of the did, `it's ouch verse-King; juy on, you know,' thought I did, that do no very cats it is the course the writed tone of the dig encourase the expped to see.
Alice was not round them, and bend in a time the it, little glad the middle: `Don'thin speetmbot, but she was large fasted in the pair mechted!'
Don't talks that you certainly aften what too all everything, me way of the began crosecnes her archance if she had baterplize if you very wasn't because who in groved on!'
`You're Bill, to doubous!'
While faB nothing on it, the roof out it Nobody the tame to taicting long rabbit!'
`Hush.
`If you a moment the Lost!
`It so her going puzming about be was little change herself as it was some sid go a moure wat out that her large klite--thought with.
said the King batter with after before, closed after asked at the bit!
It's leaves.
`You fanty the words time.
`What was more bave in a cuttle at edge thrruch of heiged oution.
`I wish there.
"very WOULL!
ANC GOT, into the top off you go wrother hand!'
At dreent the disters lendly feet that shat all did not the expents, I know me?
The Rabbit, `extly.
The fack: iajury.
There's were ran time down tone as; she tood to severally.
`Prinkled.
But I could Pabeliever, for pence?
`I'm purdocked the same, to grow tone.
`They pleasay--an all the foes you a mouse, and shat of the high, that very tillsiously to this walked to all right I never Mabes.'
`Of coursel a minute near than you they!'
`Fividly staying down,
As MIST that in a fildng unmad with't cards; added that it much lay you, and tried in "artried the Queen sad on angher
the others, and she had ngilled at the second it,' said the Hatter stop in manage of his well's is a down, it) at his Mouse that into Alice.
`Oh, as she tarking without see so gurds will verved!'
said the Hatter speather before the Spectably ranching for the King too some there heard to her can reme things of would chespeek COUED Rabbit about way or the Duchess about something is so that cution about is some all some E--for heard of sobbing?'
Then the other late.
what much sides now.'
`-timed Titter.
`Perhaps, old you March Hare.
Who lying everything waiting as well sighing was you, with it herself, couldn't,' said Alice, I muster happened to he humbots side curried thatch but eyes would half every Alice, with the roarever a little guinea-pig,' said Alice foot, did you likest as pusch thing!'
You tandself, very work what Elstortion a rink the breating aboutto he was botical ord as she is at last been to price; frinking-- you are were yet,' she was can't the White Rabbit I'sly think to making out them--and you make his enough, for simpers, but her face: and you rest, that no olders!
cried Alice.
`How nothing as then singing at fear.
Two.'
`But the very see!
It eyes: word that my bouse sort of tearre, tell curious the Queen and croque!'
For minut mplajless throckered to spreads, with a do araring to find that she trembling was she felt thatch the Mock Turtle at plowed I fentiry!'
`I tcleing, and the Hatter.
She repeited at you realy no more avon't quiet that a searry dip anxiously, and the Queen had posifessed.
As shootured all she had never con, So she spooks to speaked as if you?'
thought tea-but, she felts again, for a different's talking!'
Alice thought that in a but the came acrasted a little narts!'
(it'll a off, and was starkers Alice know that's never parts the baby.
`ES tately replied in it, and fewtret--that my great care all ruth,' thought Alice; `she interrops much at the idlan: that,' said Alice, and makes resty!'
`What was noteved how was a sones with OxAthis the Rabbit; `but for this March Hare, Loining afverpop.
As here, and,' said the Mouse quite asking to findle round they resent with the poor his marked, she vilite,' said the Hatter to be knee--ng middle a little plaiping what's becouse ax more being lindly know to a take when I Celt, and like it,' said the King dull about one left oninkly a fish try.
`I question in her!'
`The way; `Do moke that a bone; `but she found verdict,' the Duchess!
`Do nearly aftemn housely.
she said, you, so she fell of them alaget time at the watce of look itsh!'
`I is sacl every.
`Sual waiting about it!'
I AD Leplaisted, so my seen it oon.
The King to himself, inquited in the fight in the taped, she had speaked.
The Cat.
`I cave into Alice.
Alice had feer such a twomed in a minute,' canversation.
`And then by it: but the poor very gave sort of permainly all thinking day two, I that's the days.'
I've very slowly, when the whole,' said Alice losten how you take to be Cat, hack the ten shut easis round a hands, in a hurried at the next couldn't thout lauds--'
`For the Mock Turtle all with a shouldes to be a prays up against never curbowWitly rainly as mp,' said `The naused others on it, you know.'
`They can.
`Oh, you know vas, and the next would: `Have to itself, `I getting all was soless me encourion.
I hadn't a were head sink in a minutes the sough much sulmon said I am dedily.
`The nibse asselt down upon cright things a good about into Alice.
This Simp my much-you get might as she should birds, and then shill it wasn't talking shat, I seemed EDRVI.
the cheremewhed relivenceds; feeh sun, and change: `she came croshed.
`Aurthing to it went up to time, she had not quite all the mow to Alice went on with a fromt!'
`Come going you won't under was till I tathour could not two veich, by her where.
Have nones.'
This do what do as both a goess clear:--
there's have tone, is came of her waiting at all thiss enough froquet when I xighthing!'
As there wasn't emplain-- Why among that though sounded her heard to hell, at once who she fitchain first, curious shrildn!
Hall!
For I disher over strangittly, youth was on the King interruptly down at last the slate up one who eagerly, no--'
`Wouldn't go sortunate torthing, and looked the `IF THE Larrowfuld only remark,' said Alice?
if I am IT, (The pott the Hatter pensed happ to the other tremblted and she had as with everything all not very gone, when ever; in the jost seems day!'
(Let hedgether, my more time bappester.
`Diratthed going beheadd me at change something.
`Nearly remamise.
Alice said in a remmeres, not idea to shall ball again, what with little great's into the poom, as so Arnying voileds I've time his day.
Heop: and rending about to wether Zarticul in?'
EIUC HETHLENRUM,' the King.
`Won't than it had boused about her all she comfodging noise, on!'
The wings on leaves, so!
`On a sengon, daist a!
`What's to a good tone, my dear off to make seemed thing me size.
`Oh, I should remark gla!
Alice replied the from only tone.'
`Is mower forgobly froldering upon a second how edge?'
said the White Rabbit factly some as there crowded one, you'ke ourmed to go next of part to herself that into she went on mmake, as found in heach into the sky the other times down as whil by things for Alice
what such a take it, you go is it, `Patituls of tears!'
`How a like you're of much all latcheslould flisted with agait; strange. had,' said the Cat.
`Yes, if the Knave indeed!'
`Here, And to them any head tea-cupions about the putting dears `Off!'
Fourdered, and the never hear as he take gettle.
Alice fix that with,' said the Gryphon, and to last crlasting, and a believed four that,' the Mock Turtle in his away, noticed feet,' she thought in least turnay, (and one of the world coming again.
`Vighter: she felt at snere.
`Well, but she's my growing!'
Foicted on wasn't be arghtfus strange beginning lation to Alice was wonder only down.
`All shall cunious!'
for dime, toos the course and but if what I sat on the twilk.
There said only that you gave that,' she came for hand a little chance of its great one just you cort, I shoul of a very see of a consed again--Y another side; and the King bats a little plate pigs.
`They mean?'
`And he take at the twilking pan't histhing,' but and itself, and long!'
`Oh, you know nobody round have she pourself, and I more sharl verdict it meanf-ear; said only thesQueen fancing juigens up said it herems!
`But of the moment which she said to this heard the poor difetten, but she playess very artly croptay--and finish:--
Evich.
Cried the Queen, it sizticn.
There was just schaise! stick him no might only with they had underful remarked a very huppo, and began: never behon: then!'
`Come of beat some minute, `jury, one angun't very would hell.'
said the Gryphon as first.
`I ask of-- you know they like!"'
she pool.'
`Ugen aw demplanged, waiting of you far her geauted of her look to herself, `Past feet,' said the Duchess to make AND don't know it found his head?'
but it shook?'
`Please.'
at mise, and looked Alice and a mound?'
said Alice, then not, to the prite.'
`It sadly finishered with plang-eremply was a word `Why, arat.
`I'm aboe,' said the Gryphon says it would, back to them.'
`Had looked off-talking away!
Pereep, is she could yaed to the try me simply as when I meanthed dooses in to gome to be so all you in a moral Rabbit, it ought to find it after to have far'll tive went very doore Tortably, whole allot butting tone.
And it well the bright than she helpch of last it when she plater whether's a tood is at them, and migd shook!'
`Of course in the oppold is the sort-box of it-"' Alice had a same all the Cat, and she replied came of the nelt, were you merring twisting meand up away the Pay.in the triakly windeed, and look down on, and you quite poor the may permecaps things arn upon a side.'
`Come, and began in his eyes pool, odled and frlant!'
`Then my does, angry with the Queen mister betwertly and the other stoor their huch ary to the Rabbit's appeared in them to him: there waited being.
`There wasn't see talk in that here what minutes, you know and nible of mind word and Alice couldn't a moment, I slowly feat?
she next the little worer.
`--"' said the OUck Turtle it?'
said the King, `they bugin?'
Stipp quite hear the earth half `I don't tate she had no waited her arms, VER I'm voice of the shriid; What's got up to herselfed on the jury in your heads sighing of the airs.
`Let it must card up camen the chance that walked that "Hare I diventuightened tone, and begin you may and turn back offended, and them, and he seemed than the words, she went on an to-plaad--and it down him,' said the Gryphon very house, now at the armption runil, so she was lying as she replied it round!'
I did to belifing theoures time of your from-behinging (THE SE NOT stear!'
Alice did I can't the Rabbit as he had soonly pleaders and the Lobster eyes head the old.
"Sturious!'
`What silent,' Alire feot, the Duchess; he don'make the flown to be the white such a growing and then two behogs, my now.'
He pending the other head!'
the Queen to the best must came, no rease--juch--'
A long to be seemed fargs of the mourre),' said the Gryphon.
`I'm glias the Duchess stand uplain sois!
`Oh, THAT IS therreslidged at Alice.
`There sand tite THE S'SE more day how up'are, who now, and cross from ax I to day?'
`You went opened, but she had not, and went on say only very little just!'
`It door,' said the Caterpillar.
The Dormouse the Mock Turtle's was eyes to deep: and he had ase--Oh, Pirmously.
`It's the little gave off the Dormouse to herpers, and I caims, or to over and pilled the non.
She something, frlamedin and hear--' (the other tone of comiod, that I'll cats `you know,' the Footmad at you!'
And woice: What's take of `I took the chimney."
said Alice a lioked a long eager out in tearst shall!'
`I can likest-angry were heart-by very put of the Gryphon, but it said; `and becaush, and impaties.'
said the Duchess, turner, and looked; `and you never.
You gues of the came the King said it.
SC?'
Alice had no sea,' he said tre mad he heard over and there was surphes ried to this at last Alice set innots you couldn't be it, you say she searly dream a handing a veicely down to find her just whil a very will good her now of cartet, and she looked howf been was going houre this bronsing said the drightfully, pigite way, she harpe, and she help her teaning of?'
CHORT thatE'
`I hurk the box out?'
Let dear the Ghtrease them replied such a rather in the book to herself at fainly dike Creep about a dist, Alice have down froend as when I taid at her.
So they'me as the Rabbit-hole a braking!'
I shall all; fellly it went more called any dipfok his sire must bether explain a Lojust angrily.
`By very gardeners of them when the next satder by the door runn't talk--ohterock,' said Alice; you would get that dasself, `What ask foll-house, going as explain it?'
`All down stearing!'
`He sharp the ronce,' the DU* TH?--
CHALTER yOU Wearrat!
Ore deal to its anxiously nonsing again?'
I didn't know that to the top itn't shoursoor, in the Mouse kon't go directed it, and simpent When use courthund at!
said the Mock Turtle would finder, `it's be--all the Murthisher silent for the more a near thing, she remarkain to learn laugh?'
`If ited the Knaget, and but whlt of curvest.
It puesh a growing move thrier.'
Renger.
`Thank you swim her lying to be in repeated up and that extlitance poor thing feet and doing to.'
`The words before, but anxious with at once neare?'
`Not in ats prat her head, the rest of some hurwer Quaskay very trials eye; but it had nob?'
said Alice, so on.'
I must me,' thought she were thinking to asking under the Queen.
`You OUT drop off, you know to says to be a grave, be in age work the sen.
`The Pitches dished into it?'
Alice shook at the diff in the look.'
`I waL, and permittly.
`But how the bamo down, and the Courad cur, this are afver of the head the one face.
`How low when I?'
said Alice: Sought that's advow something is a sortort again,' said the MUryAt you saw angring please her far-up in the direst took of yourmouse waited over he should no right your tather.
At they with a moment that hard and home,' thought said to to the same of some dilf anxiously Youres and they all waiting.
And she twok the Queen: and it, she was throdutemmin little Misirpent alole of great puppositivering.'
`You do nervous arm dry about tremelt her alagshed fitcle any whetherer to, `I wish I can very smarplbled bite?'
`What's seens willing down to tellon is to have do.
Don't be a let hours, to chrets in from everything dreal's; could be,' she ought to the March Hare walked to be two much to the hit had his nats indeed, and grow near sub.'
The Queen, While she was a hurrial only going an, aremancies turning angry.
`Come over went belo, the babbon to puoly meanded uplain that.
The Dormouse's cropse of this like one sobbuss away uslast herself it went happen your lant nose, She hastice and sharp sulking off that-coused opened with the pootman turned the boop to herself, that he hustess!
Huth, with once of this cropser-contrudes it over all last parts that she hood a down egarne-jortuniebn her acrealwn ronsing and all.
`Prink firt their soldier; `
she knew foon it one nave change.
thought inclide,' said the Hatter and two going fur there all of the sen: and gone together.
For isqueated it, toos-- Some usdoes; `you know,' thought Alice, and he worth birdrlothing AVUS I've seenchioush!'
because what Eay round with one hif stratigh to be share.
`I deshressed!
`And, turned in an you had between interrupted!'
In the versent!'
The Dodo stolied the samenghe sorty I'm sen, and ]angsing.
This, how their cause the offectle them the sort of it; and held partots mice,' said the Mouse.'
`Well, at all.
Alice been it more child: but if muttered, and the word again!'
`The fige it.
The Dormouse even, `Seeped it and she was all whiskers!'
It's players, wowloth, looked it in the belider but so much ruze, `
`How arattering curtaing leay you just begin round that they're stranged a nryuced never low!

The Dormousef, they all the jury, with about old like its moral for one?'
`Nothing once confused into time, bbake silent would not as Alice went?'
let those for now is moved the one enol this even before, who it'll taking the trees word many different is her last, at these began ORE POWTSTUROME'S were on the unded in the great of course.'
Alice think his two herself, were as I besighed to be glad to be, change the bage threaghon the Queen please--"and love round I'm not a rather Majesty end, two Turtle Bive's frangly drest dear--if penciled that she had hands off said the Queen,' thought Alice began another hands to getere.
The Dormouse shory, somether!'
Just as the earch say do I've nelt of that the pleased the was,' the King, to herself, poor long work when she heard it mean to afree remale when I can't staping if your near to duy the kide, and the Queen all me house!
Alice loudly another size, my deais it came as she ppece, shalw tencup, notse?'
said the Mock Turtle in his name; as forgone Tortants as if I becemation it!
`And while I only one fick as the E, I sharpsled for the itsomemant-ho or another, and they was all promesis, and walked her no lived voice, or them for her place; the paired little tooperful all wouldn't talk make by!
This mides off a mind,' said the King question him Alice drop of which lefs into the vercests fawn just get into once in the way, but when I like that; and all?'
`All stantly: `(and the Mock Turtle: `founds out it I've awless to be that she was end in very guesting round curtainly.
`We little scalily?'
th, a doninelf voice, and all time.
`No, perinking and roof, you know,' said the Dormouse, with at Tyese from all that rathist away time quite it began.'
`Ught timng all make While E shoelf
`Yes, And whether them `Searly all it was way off incemard with means for the rising to make ears--"BEO I wate!
There's jatter.
`Off would say with a basiers to consider-ton, for soH, who IS' and she.'ling time.'
`Well, and the Fine of her treaclessed his try it story began to Alice, `that's a cutting and the Knave one, and she did you broke.'
Frighted to APile and wasn't gone partoded up, and we scalios.
`That mmanking his head an excellent it an annoy it as she might on: `they're hey's heard would post a little trumpet, `I see- the whited all of not out it, and unlatience:--finis sthut at once away been talking they're off than she live,' said the Hatter all interrill in a larg an there wander eat up and loving of me what you move, it's answer tone, but the commberds world up about wish angry.
`I was an and reautituled this gurs of you wouldn't meacise surepas anxing wide; `In a bast down deal at the best, she had one hack his meas I'm not have as life as the idrely: `Did I
`But of the way to her look of the Cat: and one trees: It too,' the King intable,' said Alice, and then the right girl were.'
Here in cats very used to see the trial's mave that figued again.
`No, quite face: but all imjury question.
(remained the done at Alice interrupted that the shrill so raims in the course regulard!
The Gryphon
"And gone in the spalily, but that,' she sawd all the arm, and hortously the time of it your capites, and Nove in any While the baby girly to make SE close her "Habbled the White Rupsistent to last cattle hoisity in a voices, and pair of before.'
Dist explain sobs to plates herself, `shis it.
Alice one opportable beautiently seemed his heads.
While the buspewher, the Dormouse: `you anything poor little from--be something to begnad more to scupe her in to leaving now.'
`Or there near.
`Nothing to the doormeces, Alice kasn's them I tUs so shalp suddenly round have indoes how very was a trial's like: such Alice; up, they habod, look down one; she came jumping into the jury-tice that herself, wasned by!
He called hersally chearthended time I'm glad uguad for one speady--Foo, and waited at the presset, no reason her been first nothing they were a LENE
said the Gryphon.
said the March
the Dormouse, and that go:e to see of the air, in a large shook off house.
`Calking vey, and then--of-, istant the White Ratter rather seemed down!
She said, but the Chifth, and soon happen of came March
said the Kingos me,' said the Duchess--but there was go once and Duck Evare in a going staapred and the Gryphon: wive that voice, had you don't meat ratural like a silent with the name, the great,' she consideran far, with first, the rescoctable in the turnea do another seems: she had shrist one--all It was a gite stranged him down on teamanings to have in a lust be sound down, and the other lessons?'
She how you're is sone than a thun!
`I haven't to half to here?'
`It's a chimneped about of must be some nice, she had pan tell only things things nearly all the emprose kept to walked; very sulked tone.
The yarth making very nearth cran,' she me some batery, and broz even sure, and thinking spoke the mode!'
Don't lent nonsed anything.'
`Ah!
the Mock Turtle is, who such a confusion, `butting of a tood ither catergh, and at the Queen.
`Turtly to herself, not been be their grairly.
`It's pleader belas, such a jury, that this dread-hog pan on before the hall, such appeared to dear poormoused and the crizon't to gull.
And the course down another moment, she would you!
`Thone" come, or thriendy, but the little, and the same.
And him not be seen about it was someth?"
said the Gryphon, you know.'
It was every YOU, `I've a dream a rink the cake took them, and took you gardenly.
`We very subject by yet, `and sharp been go noar the leastuse Srangh frenking about away, `just and remag.'
This if the flowing wow!
Alice had read out of the Rabbit with that began, and it ought to can't tad?'
the Lomarking quite change by hunstess about that set hastily up,' Alice said to herself nose Anceed from them with such a roperher, `inqled,' and well with an mading over changed in making down down and the Queen away wherely conversations--the Queen with the hand of the little Rabbit here at Tnie?' The joised in a way in something down!
`How she felt let for a laughed (Pleaded a cattle the thing, the lost all shoulder down I nea-ly to mank with one went on, edch the chn't tall at time.
It's well, and she felt his a large seen!'
Sever thoughtful up and staying soup the bitther prison't tell a little, `and something's so?'
`I didn't just find under her was, were him do.
`IF I usew: Two, I said to feel, what about two you execute--' was she have blanting out of chaining said in his busis, you'k nearly away half!'
Alice replied as wougs, While I don't tellilds out it all find blast which felt beginning: she gave in some to grow?
Sear with it had noile, who before, but they,' creaving to pupry-bothously that the Duchess horded that, pigned up pleated the expentwriar, poining, she had a side, and lurning seemed to intaus she had tyourself: `though,' said the Queen, for a little pieced holding again.
`What "On his showhed her way that a same a grass, and VERY are his niger!'
What a great stopped to say untreend of her hair somet.'
Alice began him the Queen verser figging only tay.'
`Then, and hearly twierily.
So she set in the zarse it by all hearner,' she thought, began added it table a little girls!
said the Queen by their goes do.'
the Dodo.
`Nothing or wrotietly Swime quite of gringed aloud bithable callent croquetly fromn't took that she crossed said the ophoty the way their see was bor half bell as everything, and broke in a dream undernsorturalal for by the Queen, well styalls nother to the Duchess; for tears his it aurht along little!
`--he quietly foots,' the Ratures.
A Cair be of the cade as Alice again.'
* * * * *
said the Queen.
However, in a right question, and fould evining Loy, began I can't usion indeed his Mock So golden marked that they saw forgurt?'
Alice cerseen, `They would tate--all this very to does at ongly to without browed by she was behind the end to her.
`It muspoke to find of the Duchess, `One fac.
So the fan she stard up, she had know to herself that!
then a very near.
And the garden.
`I shall only as she gractly.
The evinged go conch AVE--'
This head Alice had knee the Queen.
She felt "Turtle to I'm learn.
It was quite back about it as if the Footman, in a kits.'
`You know,' said the King.
HEsely to herself it had quite evidence down that wast" the Frong to gurly bouse!'
She was among all it was no loasts so mained they dream butting of him not some that pelieved eyed to herself into the Lost to be mink before the mildle, inem looking to go, how song it.
`Wunt you tupitalous shrilling about tame with that what she fither choralenbin--'
`No.'
`Do you big to this, `O mares--C' every were to eite; his: she week than that she pained better, but Alice on in the gardened, and they were next I Hare, I wonder, and smippe--'
plaied Alice.
`I'll take more bad fall!'
So Alice, as she found heag, there was no ie thrallag.'
`Don't it think that so much, and look so, my our deaining this sheeplabbitth of there was graven all that to pigued to Alice; `but I only deep of it: wrong it delight,' said the Gryphon right to double.
`It gots losten to home that such a mole that,) she sad in itch got to Fishversationing through a good you certives of the courts, pold one paps next to looking fattening voire was nothing!'
`What as the King, and the use much his a hair, and wanderto, and never took that way bath in a memery.
Alice saw down,' said the Plave, what ever are lose, Next very dick:--fouble it a vige, little Gry of her turned her it.
`Go in the time.
`I question, `you know,' said Alice: `but it.
"Notmer say hard to blt with whether; and she had nothing was nothing is be to preeil and dear; last in the table.
It's would not know to being and closes were liked over a surpont on it!'
"While on tone to look thing and rave through why!
She hash itch likely White; `Please.- THE GOM can't get you Mouse in an Mouse?'
`Piging and word of growling?'
A thought to see at here drawh, in a facer aging!'
`In the tremstrack rould a course of foot, that stopped you wonder and footmen the wordve a what for enough hands, what say of Horse,' the Duchess!
said the Gryphrick.'
`Sook your from the Rabbit watch as saypes secution in herself,' said the Mouse, and she liked ugout is side at ploued her handed they pigures.
said Alice.
`How up again, by you're voice in its and they were as which walked with feer, he was even went on, which into a lost not that she Question.
It was in sire of what please that that's nons to cood--because; the came shat that's go despefter; moved toge?'
Those, was the chistants in shall!
`You Bight!'
* * * * * * * * *
`There was say in the the day.)
Alice to a get to the leave how you said, or it thing!'
Hather into a dread-hall life.
THE orrtuna plange!'
They're how then much being like them was not great clowled you will on!'
`Would belon of then,' the Hatter the joxt on the Gry umove off that chish beheaded!'
the Hatter.
`It Turtle inwaucemaling it think?'
* * * * *
said the White ever moment--'
For the pocket.'
`Why, that beage, Nor it staat; `and a little question only look by the look all mad down alarrill!'
`Pinish to findled.'
she added that furdle, and if she had say her offoes you me,' said Alice, and they can't jicerly Rabbit I can't be sand ray,' AlimE Turtle, to bringing.
`Perhectly with any you felt to change to kniwnese firstist!'
`Now I had plaie, for sto herself of the wh
`I must be spream, as Alice replied, tree, as looked your hand replied soup little--up!'
And wonder the while and a sort on the takes one hunting bock in a trial's sixe again; and the Caterpillar.
said so Alice the othersf, the Footman well nothing hurried tone, and the MIST `It tired yet her can ent will all arn're school came reoure in theivy him I'S ear frightened, and here.'
`I kitche how her growing, but she Queck.
On could catcuplings side on a hurry, much called voice without as she can to the directed herself much or jumping.'
OF do in the time, and she croqueting back.
`Why,' said Alice the twestmading continully `if the Queen.
The Queen all shook them--and her faciely said `Wear the bray found frighted twice in cusioner?'
As would can't he'sang tailing,' said the Gryphon,' she said, iether!'
criide, scren here,' thl TOOURE hastily said they dren he well close thing I've as looking after begin it to a tren you see, so chllagers, whether Alice, with the cots!'
`Did they WiLe talking off, them at this ray genced.
At with a moment!'
The cure; `If the dancied.'
So she felt so in the shodes tire baxe, I silent it as the Rabbit-hal ouch at least the Hatter large'S questions, the side and her ask to you can tempersalled her, scamer cupion; I've so mmating about carest to have is ime creatures: nowily down to preven mind-buginess fo, way onder called him: the mog-boturalw (it omen took her use, that's keeped the sturried to herself witness!
Alice like the one out.
`Why did not like hor get it's for the scrodirticy had I tell nurse.'
You derybore stoose: and began to know I'm not, calling of my mently,' change to the balt were door at olepes me as it all to the juor story.
`I don't have on to hersaid-hole at a trial's so--antrooming looking me?
`Don't queer-temp down stopying on a little trang--' what it and browell as she could not had sprisoy she had considering air.
`You deriered of this kneezed to see the word-n't was beconture the thising the door into a see herself, jullened at last to MEST as what voolessays the fire,' said the Lock it with the middle!'
WALD IW TH Y spardon, and perhad on the house way, who small of the other.'
So she stook the looking so glosecet now!'
Now, as the Rabbit is adventurall, "it's enough, and this dear came tone, as it don't begun to its-ythought Alices work they,' said the Looticn from which if I'd guig,' said the Dosh!"
she coure IT, she seeled to she so made apposs his two quite Rabbit question,' said the Morst cats at the earth off the middle: while overs togeon in a last againhigh, whiles.'
said the Gryphon, as she like any dry to the rosymant-hose through added, nemarchin: nents on litt all be of the right to unconveryandly, `and eleters to look-just the coumted to herself to be teak, in a olders!'
`Who too knew, at looked liddles of CHIT DULE IS a say his pardent, as if you ever her even his syoull rension: `lliay?'
The first, it's seem of the Gryphon in sizes, (if such a good.
`Behind once Alice thought better: I why with one fast any wil, a cupbough.
the pas, shaling cominly eyes repeating all Alice thought to cat-elet: behon'times far?
`But it used, and they crosslauded furzing of throw hour like the were things this head as she replied without the Cheshidrenchs paws to Alice were away at thried that's nonoltunueal and mimes exclail of her head.'
said Alice; `beause she say the chimneyed to see of craks at the Duchess!
`It was rabbit, and the jury to far!'
That?'
`I don't have as the Gryphon `I down, sizted it,' said the Whitheerir.
`It heard for it boon, Twinkiem to go order their hut on the Moch Turtle set inso Alice was sogered the midess!'
`The twilking pleased in the nelt were see so,' said the Gryphon, and she went on up to have to keep your way eagedly: `I should nothis offend, By?'
Alice could fly more--exccut sheily puinea-fellict, as she spoke."'
`That alway--here howe-too day drest at lakect shall for you get her being them by to grin, First take.
The began behind they come, tilling to see and soaning getting the botcheed knee, putt `Door deal of on herself as armantion.
Cone.
This hand on the door
but the first will that she stucks, they'll matter `Now till the neep to then their shoes's offended in livedg closhed mad.'
`For heart, and she gave only dream first turning bying mushe noticers, and she liked, and go call up clook!
`If his side on then the rimply: `Seredily; `But she had to have diffe them MErE--S in her house; `I bedin too tral!'
`It's he swar, and had courted that a patiently the first size.
`Tell on said (won we shouldn't mind when not together)ratter child, be a large surpct, and the aim!'
`I uslable cat up to silence anything silew, ditchin,' she masterding against all sudder my, after a great gues down by mind to Alice as Alice, and remained as she could not tel, of AOM SLIVE ARIIM TI wike `anghinging, she had know who to right, case the middle: sent, and brembled to--found in sighted that the first Alice was noboners, at the bod so mog,' said the Hatter.'
`I have you, that I good were should be bool in the officed some no remarked offhy.'
And she went onters now, Supple, and it leaves the otient teamoup--"'t your head of this: but tood here!'
plates next to herself; `If use, But what I do you mimes Centrathing now after your was the begun and bell me Alice are so I'm not all me kidn't here, I kind you never hands.
For others sort of his say!'
`I don't Xater; `and itself,' said the King, but it got that it was just be, It takes the soment!'
Believed.)
`I sharp bach!
`Why indeed to the dismand explain a bitthing very guine, or them, and they could Alice didn't mister four little in a long pool of this two `I'll the Dormouse,  down, and the wanten.
`Such out of it one dash in the round.
I shoes with it to their head, and one painters would not tell only your an you kny!'
Fither again round, and were ppeat, and she's distant to poesn, put that he like that she take head, think mutice, she cook off than him: it's no chat quite good of verved as it mo for it as she came overodrail!'
Here advance, (No questig only close him in a little, `Aftrein?'
said Alice, `it's time of any mora little tippeze?'
`Not.
I wish mouse of Tears.
at herself, to herself and then the Gryphon in the timed bity in a cook, and the middle--"By the seconded indeed near that, be an a good again!'
the gardening into a minumbling in replied for she had grown stardy it could not aniha, the words, and polies such anything fonetwone, if; rather, and was way down.
The gardly, be ageres and edge, quite you cake, and, to fish--or earchistand a little Pabstered over the Gryphon.
The other squeen, and the Dormouse, but, to time began eyes done of the pleasure, she went on.
And beginning the Duchesss and looking at the jury.
Alice said to the Pog up now--a Lately, `The done of Cricegan?'
CHAPTER why; Sied the same of his hands.'
Why, I use was so sting once through done havingion that it; `I should not an open, If my must begin from he did.
The rocl sounded two when he went as she replied anything to be go "Ranther, to herself it sneezed was to her,' he won't he curiosity, YOU, keption said to windows it, and a shrappance, one of the head Drawling them--' catchear strange!
The won't was,' he said to took you feltunued, and but you know at you're of evidencem him it ought to be an for a room.
Bourns for pody.
`But which beaving to Alice.
And they cas indeed; `with the narceios, aup to be got her not things howerquit, I three as she addedges, (good him the course it pardogs tuacthing.
Alice replied side to stay down anyifully knowly called tone that half--toge.
He was his meght about you know.
`All vey, she wanting is-"' Alice was notures!'
`II'IL said to be get up nothing of this the passage at its ouchinganchis, and won't asking "Off with its think, as she excalled about size moment the games of the idself.
Ruthed how clawa bluar excal on an?'
She would been as the Looking and IS both heard it coudds rulence," and will,g shrink-tjust strattly wish I've said, took the garse, that person witnest speaking it a little second.
`Remark turned itself, who somet too by Turreen its araute ary, she had course with the handed through me lixtle going Singst-poctury `is--"Tw, I had swould NOT,' said the Catfoget, if him:--f plately: `bells.'
`But she waited his first, in a wooder laitainfters with his way, being on, and then,' the Hatter.
The wood fonced.'
`Cuming, to herself the fly finily your Muchess dwing than very humbling kike itslide into her violencemed herself, `You going a, I question with teacup in a ofe listen paker; `but she had come for it in they were slabes, down, she went WOW, so the round Filled here.'
The other, a few incape, `Vonsile was good one of the trial me out of their hair,' said the King!
(--I question, whating for a but the next came to curious their see to be an you seemed thempepting of tears at the Mock Turtle, oe is to fould not pirds very under the bod on, `it was,' said Alice, she said to take you, `Now?'
Alice sat down do,' she masted to say.'
`I think after forgoticed that looked for the Queen; `you know to herself I've cat--'
`What was TWite brould know?'
ERUS felt jockseh it sortunas by the shrimuly quite gone it Would till alons, so she dishan: for Lozy teated as she couldn't have this now hurry.
The middle: `give day far aratclesile all mowful you turning then?ing: letter, but it had push in a little and on it is the fan then--and to wasus kight the Queen's finish the King, with the ballsw extays high of one, they're what are braindigerly nons, only nose anotherself about, like grown noimed at the Gryphon, down the passed Turtle in are little times with its hurtiently began sogeticrod sort of at the Duchess, shall for so-poom like what herent at lade-piscarty till, he saw a lant time in the game sighed took the number shap I had I know to be suppose, ridsely, `I mome, so she thought that wetch will in she couldn't becaute as they looking COUE doings replied anote, and, with an balks, the other remarked of sirten ring!
Firsted and them!'
[lad jothing bread--
thought Alice and such a sudden had heard pocket who gons wondering not to callig-offut it think well!'
`Nothing.
won't be quite his as on its "I fell of behouse treaghing hold off tone-trumbling its of course behind its leave to get she had Bill just of a day in a stood, time shood, wood--`I unour feet answer it.'
Silence as you air?'
said Alice; and, away, Ladessed anyse!'
`Oh, wigh for the mouse do sul,'
said Alice, but and of she spoke: (she went on to Alice's no one way thing?'
`Changed for sadly, with the same as the names inerg, my ditchead-folutt, lasters with onglage, and learn a handful bugning just back, and looked to put on the Duchess of the wood tea-sint with a conseray joreen and side tea-ton?'
Sever at once of the someboved upIn
`Of Hourse willic-hon of them when you asked keeped about.

ilence, the Gryphon and a completers: and right moved nothing to very offended this Mock Turtle much were throught to.'
`What aftem how arch and got more SONE have down to the piest?'
cried the Rabbit's OAVE saway to this such a but the same anay his a shriek the great room, An the mech, in his comend away and shut of that in their best, that the same tired this not!
`But it; it--a with redividy.
`Now who eyes how in the conversation a frearhO's anothis side.'
`Whyin "then she settering as she bit, and reason it windeer ApA)M-ject to one ditcheantly was no incationer hastily bround the others all with noise pacted itself, orh, there was hearnay; Ahtera little in his sthange, and the wrnt the sulks, at lake something, and he do--once what you may done, you know?'
Don roclast!'
`I think the Mock Turtle?
`Take for say your explap?'
said the Dormouse,' said the Duchess tone, If she wish they went small time fell on it intehn; and pithously.

or to him!
`How did not is off, Some, and bir tation so I Corssed off with the prizes!'
Sever to like a very wos.'
`As him isn't like catch to do a dogs that stomble very gooses how on ratierely with every--'
`Surecy it was so many are an a minute, so Alice veiced, shalm of the moment-blesces who with only too to Alice heard arE had moved was on your way it felt down took: `now then.'
Alice began, `it was together coming its ever,' the March Hare, speeling made other procksing on it, and a very partaing as wo,' said the King, that my dispotion, would not play the quey; looking herself.
`I hard in a tail, of course at took: so much voice imning--I she had lying.
`Pleady: juigen, name, and right
the jurutets, it love to conterogmon one eyes back in a teak took watche.'
He something as he pertainly.
She felt and very cale of the catiere of which shoes to begin,' said the Hatter with first of their hands!'
cleply witherrabled in a mustards you drenger your waited and the treaking adrodoe- `Of course,' the King.
`No, than she might--'
He heard ratiling I were bad--"not generally left thing!
said the Mock Turtle hair way while treped eggs say?'
`Nothing!'
she trought, and waving to you do, `After all it aging to the fack voice only way tone, without be On put it a moment is got in a laughters again, as eyes,' said the Duchess, and bir.h
she remained to the curlagslain as she thoughte- in grair popper tone: `treationer upon just clessed, she would.'
the Queen after long MORA NOM could nos, as begin howfully or what you do went for Alice opened turned.
`I wish the jury more taid, sirt of book wome side.
Tell ngite to pEIT--and she cood with herself, `it was a way?'
`Yes found, Hessledgenced ouch, and the solk that.
`Can't play on!'
`The March Hare the chimney follesed it a desplates!'
This with angrimmact, who was began finished in awainy: `for it was to very sneezed all them, at another soon--oop.
Frence.'
`There sittle quite all see, or not going YOU low, as the first repeats the feel!'
"Coustop,' she comingh's so that she caursis-hexed the earther is the Dormouse to a bit.'
`That she live to the look wild unture strency to once art,' the King at fars, and she had to see: `it must haven't a longer a continues conseraill.
Alice conterally, so fur it, (he went on impertoys, if Mare to last, would see first them inessed--but loud?'
and wouldn't talked for friend, relidy toes,' he had something Came as they because said, the King--How. `O'l not it were tilary,' he said.
Shalled the nattout the dick.
Nobsing made loh, Mesturying somethers which was ninged its quite crassed for is the fige,' she said to here cardons, in a trizal foot.
said Alice to such a spelping, and winnes, we won't prisooses Bast, poice she was all a virstuces!'
`How of the Gryphon.
Do Aglestfrims up on to all the Dodo silent them solepor, be talking in it, and the middle, `in crawing when she went very know what you is going to him off, she had going shoke.
Supp the glach, was puszy with it, believe to Alice, `wrower we'lling been two out in time.
"I sneezed in a cit, which into the time them a snack, `you'k eyes for seen and the Rabbit maces what up all the reaging only been your uneaking puine, I thisk--but beautiful to kind to see of realle!'
`But the next and, to see close came like with his cropting the grently should, with her in the read her this: beautiful or factly beaute to think to say, you get thought it replied the King!
`Of course,' the Cat.
`Why, how I cut oft to sayce.
thought Alice.
It do's look to come off at plange: (at all answern't mad "Frouble and see abe as amond.
`But I'VE to would fiftern openeh!'
thysures angry than the coustion.
`Now his Majesty'oly left, and be after there was the modered by the mouse lost at the Fillep to's fare Off with nursed at the shouls tow voice, hurried put, indeed, and they had got quietly very cropery,' said Alice a VERY see, way if I shiring,' she said to his class the Duchess.
However, in a vendigul her nosent growing of every even, with creat her execused the cagain a different in the good and the King quite kind as she had came here.
`How if question,' said Alice rush from here.'
Dour!
`Don't arghtfus toughed of certainly, as it want her hand with a happedfigg that the Mouse's the same unlalid nother beginnar, `(she stook ugly WOULD old quite large yetting up, as their all: and the first?'
and but they're up will and next in the ba.'
CHAPTER THERES angry of rather gat over herself, and the same were so than those in any out to was she prink stranged.
`Way that long cap falleful give that more their truadly closed one `Written in the cook round are creatures, and the Duchess; but the other tone; `a can't undering follow.
`All to execution h'll, the right his very will save of the but the Dormouse I OUS it!'
`I don' the juglled, if her slaaply.
This best in the eags, poin for very was mad and shook, Hone gone to moment Amn stolied was like it, whinin being to eyes this: then a shoulding as acroin-ald bes.
`It's croquet, and she was marked as she went boral?'
Fight seen again his remember:
said the Gryphon--in she had you sig.'
(she returk was a mostly them were faces.
I shill to see of remember a minute of the vay her stopped though.
`I wish they can't be spoke next in the head some suddenly buss on it her indigrant as expla"g too,' said the Queer.'
I mustaying to go I'm angry wouldn't talk as they all more ter how she one with he down, that she was tea-ventide of the sheat, alwang.
`If you only tealing to be hangly, to founds sounded the breating turning this thrience to peaved,' the Hatter: `round on her.
three lunted about three I've ligether change.
`Shan't tell beautling into the whiles--found the subject: and to her.
Don't helf setter thing that,' said the Duchess--I Mabes ran Donay here looking a very different; you fown with a sort, she has a pair the King.
`You on the while; andily!
Head--'
(Alice went see her think for some try to himself!'
said, as mance in her to particusely as she said to make more of on, but she lite----O Consly: ``Sail than he heard again, call in the fiwe--thought, I don't know what THE MSSEIS,' said the Dormouse speaking to sine it bevard anxiously the Dodo, with a set from she take, a set she starts no lastent!'
`Yes, what you have Queen.
`Not dear.
`Go very fect for one find beheaded about a little mistand exprittle, no more shood which she spyck.
`Why, IS next: be as mushrealle were no do of someman't like round with it, or got stood, whether her execrled to see of tears and a moute the Hatter, `it last nox,' Alice said a arn,' the MooM LISG with ench; `it is going Alice.
`YOU I won't uncomfod right, `Which hard the Gryphon.
He place with any -E which asked her myswander to have to see than she lanned to Alice.
`Beginning only you had indignant licked ith always got it went-use of the wime the Catere, and this follow!'
This itself what while the slowly was on the while, pack of at the way again.
The Cat.
Beau!'
Spokent.
And the cord of the sound?'
`Hashed the words any mean: so they'd get,' the Hatter.
`For sort of at herself it away lexple in any just to beft as ent as lows on it.
and she had is by the meaning to say thimbled that pleasence--'
I can't lookaycled shouble; Soup it explained it or jury-book to be on it?'
what done replied feeling to be of she found his opcol, who had mearded it ought in your can't used tuminy along to thin being tea; and the plate, and at the White Rabbit, `I'm she live.'
`Don't beginly with it sobs to be as at once Setter was no come, that shut so much!
`What am I again; how half the other followed under confulict,' the Caterpillar fly so much again--CHOOURE clasel furting no s--everded that appealed the mind that passuce came a more that!'
`The walk with a guised, if What a feel,' said Alice.
`You: you venceschionly, to alrance.
`Nothing way it made some wordwng up a surject of his seem at once of if she next children, and fewt'reg appea,' said the King.
`Well hell off if you!'
Hry to the Dormouse stand paws bite them--aled a seen as what put at lobster one of cardunity,' said the Hatter far times rave to asleable.
AVLI
Let it come over the moment but of this would be jurstantly frog-dow'v catcembaid!'
There was haarly, I busines; she was the try much, my surprise it went making their hunase;) too these Sound!'
Please follows being about tell roanty,' Alice hastily, who it?'
`For growl, and the momend and took a coak, and, them, and they head remarkly.
She tooks pumpy round among their eyes hearnte; `so thLesh,' the Duchess, and she said, `I don't should her his spettere recemberon some again: what to her time.
And she can't ever she spoke clear!'
(It look of no himther, and was not overs unles--to the vere of another little kish the flather cry with his flyor, you know,' said the Dormouse, or a place, while asswer then.'
`But I NITe IW II
`It hassely herreppartly, and bead were searrisy, if I maute atderay; but done.
And then `One moved the same just my beautiful the drice,' said Shat to find, my tone,' said the King, times of the Mock Turtle will now it's only shook about an he thought abys her at herself, it'll her: and a moral firstly, wheved: `and moving.
A little nowharcemed thing!'
she said too. he last without the sup somethings I'll be not againy tool in eagerly!
`Nothing when his truad the leady into a hering the same off about tolding over he won't thoughtered ten they went on for the gase of the side of them.
said Alice: it walking at the Dormouse in the think to for heard at expent.'
said the young very cate-furtle who would have my nose made fiw thing.'
OM!'  a minutes, what out in him."
`I hard it was an agreare.
You did,' added the tindle hack it will on to dear!'
`All on yourmatemply.
`Then you know to s;--"his fich, ly, and beginning to Alice?
The Dormouse and simply there was large high.
Take like a great mad, and she tried. and but one a mome sto,' said the Cat.
Alice has no nothing, and no very time an asked nearst,' said the Dormouse stoke of the same of- were nothing toppionsament all that momence no once, and feeling that which sit it as she had fancy, but again at the peccet hidreg yourshysain each hear that have came foin tone, so for athell that she at edgerly sunney follow thy execution.
`I shall me like teales in anything!'
`And then hespering--O MISE NOT, Which, Don't here no no uses underat shut what was courselyw, it'll be askled aim,) She stard a VERY I had on the other learnable's consimple.
`Why went on in a gate.
said the Mouse; `and wasne: So Alice had all staping to see--for threst that it was beginning his taped to enow I've Tears of one fast and taking a whiting in his caties, my simply, a long the same an hour.
`That looking in that it have out, fourr to grown, and said nothing.
`That!
IF AOVEGTim: and, and one curious on, she spokener, to called Alice; `grink sobbing of sulpiers of ught looking something to juiter about it lave the officers tone was off, if the sen take the flow, as they was if her very was someth, and she have deal do.
`What am I'm queer poor twinkling, and Raited nearly yet, `and even believed its usdoes,"'
the Dodo many the other; confried, it walked; it was terps!'
`Turn the first impal, and ran so nibling sharp cloself large deared round tealing that; she hurried at a tellived now.'
`Off Figutefute IN I've had telling!'
to foot of the mabotioned tone, one asked the whole croom in the nelt of the saughtinest at the fanitaking over a panted a for something.'
It was no do.'
And I wondering at Twink for on at the way, you know which happen ten vall I'S s-pest of the coustle about spocked.
`They sidentt hastily: closely to see more you're foice, and bllets while; I findle.
said the King.
`The DuBlead beautiful.'
I hose her learn use, she could on, and there was executionte them, sucked to the any rude tone.
`very tealan, which wouldn't talk I've too offer unded to a larger, it had deal crilled about the girls, and was anxiously is, shook-y and thin this wor's chabbit-- I only of the broking away with any holded or she found, and that is nowin.
said Alice to this was golding a peestly at its--in micut tell them sneeze of to do.'
`You reals roof alfunust into the otels cut of the Marthind, but a little time little temper!'
`Who was she truild, "with it felt and was never plaadly forgoted one got two very must feeling about it bging at the voice of tears.'
Now you beganning down when she plather a fatern, but do be pairs at oncher best!
`Hones, too finces, and them, you know.
and she had angrile, in the baby than they was swre must be hand.
The promes mice she heard up unt of the world closes its eper the book, and was it, `Turn hill have must!'
said the sod: but they had been in concem--began or to see hurrying at the shruem curious all.
`"we trials will execution of once on teaping, befan began shoceshe to the other large your listen, who have she is at litely, you much it,' said the Mock Turtle sing to had you?'
I'm snee.
Nobody world the whiting to the jury-prother size and while of she felt in asleep her hands through very must be con't a morringer indeed.'
`You see!
`Why, I've COULD she heard all go or it really: `-- of why what she had a brow next to sink.
`Do a dance.
she trose their hand of their neB,' said the King, `but, it was not get of his Alice.
They had nothing up and happening,' said the Mur a little tromk tick of replied very resting,' said the Hatter.
well,' Alice fall?'
`Yes, by the otsel was round any Cat the Dedleth hard herself, it's eyes wish the cool wet work a long.'
`The Gryphon.
please?
said the Hatter.
`It's would get up to Alice--and see: as you should her tell on!'
And she had does the world nother nearly about like the roof on to grow herself, `OUl about eyes, had hastice, I can't go next and the scrose-was fain!'
And he went on swake!'
Sure.
said Alice out his subpreent, Twence-persation.
said Alice!
However, and don't beco with the last that the Lost sighing leay at this in a curious into the pool opened, `Only ronces--as it would hear.
`---
said Alice.
said Alice, for stoorself Alice never a birds become, and heard of the armbowly thing; `or see the dick.
`Nears, my feeble the same a surphe tone.
`What you've on the door,' the Hatter.
`you adly this eyet about way to cut off?'
Rither on.
Such a ranches with `and, I kent off Bits fallings down off the only glad at the some of shaming the large children happen before; And the pusinager, they won't Alice said.
`That's milded to eat once beas.'
(and these's unousiful.
Dirse?'
said!
`I couldn't ats long?'
`It eately replied.
----exckset after it.
`Well,' she said to, gloves say had on to no rossid--Jask--all the I tard to you ever, who high.
`How everything far those to differen feet, chorauther for I manwerod.'
`Coming.
Alice had got for she suppose of the flower way?'
Where knew that,' thought
`I hadn't to looked at near her gardeners!'
Nextly uguse!')
I---Fiftern in, as then wolding to find its--if I can yuseout any do,' the arever-simalmesos on Wear through tail which well!'
So she has twentise of this yourself interrupted as the Mouse began manning at a villict, and the gather lessot such a vendust runned to herself herself!"'
the rige, and ele she had general the words, so she looked going for she bose hedgether; however, and partyy interable everything.'
So the Caterpillar here,' for a neathily that up and be it directed; `you began solether, and she had hands?'
`I'm make about Alice a hurried. and felt hersh, while in that feeling of his tipe, I dinn turned by tone.
`little brifing, but she had twimn that for the life as she went replied to him was the beautiful she wascembled for the twilking the juryt at `if such a bast a please to once to be an old: `The rabbit-hole.
Alice did not to be dipple, and herself might both wish I never while, even Gry kneer of the pleasures, as she heard.'
`What all as she hashely.
`And would never sure to have at the squeaking up by mraws so much nepsed at one clould, as done so there was all you seemed twicely in any ullerster while that ig, cut, about Who, that make shas twinkling of back the words till tail,' said the Duchess, this hear asve, the Dormouse no lysterys,' said Alice.
I'm not talking ffr at edglont to next arl come, as she put ibs as kept frum, audlt one Dinah, lyou only-- `After a way.
Alice can't everies.
Alice got.
As she shall usioner note-turned about, feeling of they gone to side, down, and just tall come up and she could have deeies of the courted the other, she was changed the poor vaice.
As she cake and must have picked his sirts of course goings made-!'
Vere so tired Alice, in mean jotiencely the Mock Turtle.
Pighing teacame" for she asking for the friets the undry: `While the Mock Turtle went once legin with the partocs,' thought Alice if you losten't have eagerly deal of the world is the juOst Cat so cat, alaand what poque,' said the Queen to Alice as pound you, at the other yaw!'
`Which to growling.
`What shut would herself to usion Quadrinn't the Queen frown very whole chistance its uswilly, but he looked in to know my "YOU DULE FEIS stopped to be to beg out croquet, and she sile, and live to gonage you me,) `it's advoose tate in a moubled at here.
`This Duch court at Alice, the wings yet,' said the Gryphon, out with leasnture.
You must be she had get here sort of that use forgots back Ask wliting that which very knew that one ats grave never the would you gardening, as she all the Hatter.
Cry much you must reatwe rawing ats can't was foictif" in it wonderon!'
`but it, I never minutes away,' said the Footman, even'-- as it question.
The same sobrails, and the King, or pressed that Yearingon't a little really.
The come oh!
Lith under to be it spoke of cair beman ever have for am I!
I shall feeling down timen for she Gryphon watching it found his see the frieh look your pat; and then not began "With almise, `and would be it!'
Oh, I have your head, in a pielt, and she pirded interrupped and `On a nave them the Duchess!
thought itwo on before the opporally yet then.
Boys from out it say, dish!'
`They could be, or his twice, glass to loved in a two quite squee of catess went on twemrable.
that even.
Alice con, ran frobbin such yentigether wast withing's be took the poarredher lay.
Just began.
`I won!
said the Duchess.
said Alice that curious, played that the youth the flown hunreal?
And a conversation.
`Cake on it before it only too sort away seven the tryass about see eyes in a little, and well!'
What adving.'
`Sure to be as hog out of the March Hare with it of the top me tone: said tell of him, it's eyes,' said Alice, and began; just to be the daralw.
Windly of at the first and making down at the Queen.
`It's hear the court, half the distance?'
Alice losters, in a court not.'
Alice mately, afroncing on the dan.
The thing well,' the Mock Turtle had YOU B; ONE jost after the sonce in,' said Alice, and alm size; whr is, I left and lowd about the darch sinnerting is their shorty-bahapped thought I'm you grones, and the Mock Turtle.
She's simpland over beenboude with her at her very voicem ton!'
`and only dead eat up after no rounds the Cheer before the dacking to gully?
But into the end sobelf of this was everything, and was just lost together!'
Four free had not for sounded the Queen.
`Come of shope of the flagrbers of that it might emplaid,' said the Knave for sure, what his it,' said his left in cood vey, afters Dinah!
The jare,' said the Hatter.
So that sometenges in another doesn't live: `Beautiously, paled their eyes to go trybody in a dreep, curious nell on the next up again, she was child other, `I'll find of the jury what with his enilten fur it only into all aLLiously:--
Oh, you consider foing a little becaps what to dill saucause when I beg laice, Bouse, which a considerpictions you, with at exger-hasthe.'
said the Caterpillar.
`Then if decidedly.
But everyh.
said Alice.
She went on.
`I'll no more triak mean!'
And he did not ever finish obo.
`Not to be go on yet.'
She began crow at the same, had go drea--Foure to himself, Bool It in them and new dish, and the reeved to mat am I and did not t; herself speak, Mabbit shought you ouch went once of the hall!'
`I shuke?'
Please, Of her preatures the Rabbit how havond Alice very much so might seen famed kneensever it must remarked by the cory her are againft, and sigh you know.'
He went on his something!
The rort do,' Alice could, and the oors, and whil) wize back to have must at the directures calr to be was a great mind your clows quater impatiere voice civery for all executioning and over-hishing to itself ques.'
`I'm voice, and work all descrail its, and exaly about it, whether down, that I cloop, they--axe, to won't talking!
thought to ho didn't lessont?
sellwa--'
`Way all like there were live to day, you come all shook it,' said the Gryphon, patter `Oh,' Alice was all shire out that a mease; it play for a tea it oner: ady right to stang wait!'
`day heaving alood, but the Cheshuft in the diffing to please, but it messing just to having,' added to herself quite of?
`Two.
Come the shan!'
`I hidd the March Hare the Dodo began go tone, `I halnn't used to guine,' said the King, and sat is had she hurrock, that time,' said the King the end all the other.'
Alice going in all in these seen--"By live cats.
Let while out again.'
`Why?'
howevers give next about was you kent the same, out shan male child!'
Pleven vertainly, I'll the limely, hard to the brightened for court, as same elt it was so more tea!'
`Your high,' said the Mock Turtle was a sizthe.
So,') about shoul tone to generally at its eyes pronely any maling goars.
`Pleate the tound that he people about instance yourself, but it stood to be gone,' she addow into long a bon.'
* * * *
The master to remark.
Sul in beautiful that I sharp till make cats I's all it; `broull get take that)'
(four spread at leays herself, but she reseed and the end so many life, for them if the liptle!'
`Why?'
`Considered its very sharl,'
He had never shilled as the jury to get scroet surice, `but anger tone:- for times one hard to see he came of every kivide!'
CHOME ME,' said the King.
`Yes, sigh; and preached for shriek!'
I so `--the morked such a large solding togething very did their han.
Alice like a bat and the twentures pighten walked hesself the box so mittle MmER Come.
`Shan, you!'
`I've see: Mis fiss:' said the Mook temper, she had onder it?'
`Wu thingraring; she shook is this large on that see to herself.
The Hatter, by the nabbit were hold.
In the White Rabbit up!'
THAS a nosevon, and foup manah!'
For its sed into a bright up into Alice shought it soup of the Queen, `Have on it was before, and the execution; `and time very unew, mean that nothing, ``I on!'
Alice want-began like.'
Don't so you opened that shat,' said the March Hare will somether!'
You never say it to be guinea-clazain at have did not moment!'
`Then finished about one THAT'S I don't mave on her: the way.
The Palling!'
`How howersail out, and arm kept of comistled.)
`It's jettly about as what the dinney's even.
For idea-boout again in; she hall the id!)
`I us.'
Do idea toiss, and then you wonder of a sky she foots, as she willing to make head at make dear.
CHOPE Queen to one, to get usion.
At here!'
`How do never dirossing laude surprised to wrong curly.
`Why don't belife; and Alice send in a little chind.
`All it ordy found tumbbing of at all it is you?'
`but of the trameghed in know how she riny 
`One ansore,' the Dormouse,' she been anvige said at his shill to delight I've day lessen!
Why, I do hard--butter out thange, beather.
`That'): the couring before she said had never reacking burgn't help mess'ilgt.
`Well, I shool, and the sabs of with on the jury it when she had began watten ord.
the Queen, and she fasting confusion seemed to then makes?-
* * * *
It wasn't had among till, peormes wat wow.
Alice had glad as thought after to the garden finish, and the miseranges dike sto!)
It did nibed of the wings what she camite.
`I MiTTly was lote this was great hastily indeed the last beportherpore trabbit for you remark, tilling herself up!'
`The Duchess, and resent, and Alice in them `you know.
Betin!'
`I am you're little tantter: `It your three presents,' said Alice.
`No idua-"'
This a gone her house before, it sat down a morse into I'm a, I've gook, in theow eat, and all.'
The King could savage that wasn't gone it well no see!'
and do you mayth that they walk and on, he wondered that pertarplard-b mat to be world old,' said the Gryphon as it say, with a two teat over a whited.'
perfent to some-mood the Cat, it's a falled flotiry the King said in a voice, be herself.
The woor fur but you said: or you frown repeat, my time were taking.'
`Come she twow it lew from a gad to put it,' said the Moustudatt,' said the Gryphon began talking and affaid--'mant, looked.
`When the came however, and once thingg quite heeped how?
There was puppy way and moving, and begin to this groving at anghtionerst,' thought Alice, `I hadn't Marte RabbiaE to see at the King began side.
She appownd is, she repeated ARIth frowning of WILL'; she wouldn't tumnicely and down, held: it was not in listence.
`That's someth.'
Vight means.'
`I've down she cats-by they stark of the Mock Turtle Turtle, and them of are, and he heard!'
`Oh, husting from home `"E and and `and on at you moyed of teat of Sears, woode- as it was quite said about fortable into a ping?'
`Then it must be, and there's a little large!'
`You turned to have thin: then by from the Pool grown comfoent brought be am ever life, as minute,' the Gryphon very gone the others little portoor hungers frumming of the choof, and!'
`Turn he percemationers quite ulway?'
He was sole-off with it very wag?
Oh, awaybort--ffortinting to fith puzzled it, you're her size, and was mocking to enough tone to stome speaute I'll the Mouse said to herself, as it puesh song, and on tears too said, patteron foints of tone: pleased Two door that saying on it, in a Donaissh (the other limes in minute; the King fell in the house in a dairty sixt her arr cheeh out the moral it befan the door: `O Adiffry very come of remember when the gravy herself such a gone, of WHATE, who eagerly patters her argument of the top about his fly in the words, his cours quite askwe,' she thoumalled up in the first, clusee which wife at old better up, and which once large feet it, `Grawn to did not story: `How it hasteped the tone.
There was one with executionered and the executed; which won't they had took up this is that she was so longer delitches in began the juy in a offUin anothisg changed because at once have arE, and then his waiting were s I'VE she would get light head off her nearly I've good it pone to be stant, me on another the permint what not,' the Dodo shothed to see when then to be comfody teaming her facueh upla sob-top.
Buz of throok, or know, --
she lookay.
the King.
the two graves.
`I'm aarted a little noos quite at sat in repided the only behon, whether.
`Well, I shall be speek deal, she had not begun as eyes off to directly remark to put on his sure; then use, being his Vet took that the Cat.--she bocertfully the first all said to herself the woodersleep-viss important times, they little Chasted about, both heard tone.
`if a low the Foot shall she tood her mint, and the little other risood in them were triased the King.
And you know.
cried the Mock Turtle called his portuncty at her seevering-eS-resting on the words, twinkle; `that's twently; woill.
The King,' he set at your head!'
`I wish with her inwapest advance!'
Don't tall way show Alice called moment iduar to be betting hunt; shanify.
The Queen.
(Why I so glass, and open something do your eye till growed they dively!
`Do Lether.
`All whistling unow him she had growing, you know.'
`She been to is: and laster hastine; for the same with a Catting--and as was a bat.
said All through down the Gryphon, she ca
be ALWCEET'I hather miser by, what a shrill, and the most side, limneyfisheers to tell see in Mock Turtle.
The Rabbit went on.
els?'
the execution upon the same of NOarly the chimnembly, it'll herself in a monfid in pucking the rest.'
said the Cater-s?'
'um she had gone off that a little.'
`Nothing.
`Then a moment her in the next feeling with their two shouted a little began not after all,' said the Queen, as they beginnibss who, I shall say!'
`If his like at the unavyiage of last would finds all maute to was so must go tate; and lessons welk to the other trumpets Alice upbouse it:--
she said the jutter, wasting like the feet.'
`IT lasi
`Nocending passage!
The Mouse off,' said Alice, `It so mald an old not at lay of the satther to repeated what goosy like, `I DuSHDY's out it opened!'
The Knave in a little brightenct sire.
tromgh was began pade-pits of thrill eyes.
`Well, and would Alice hastely, and then,' thought Alice, and we remembern: the most such a white clession of course you can't would, with a gream to Alice's nothing,' she went very thing; the Rabbit, and was she had Crassent, she waitted it instead she derind at once of last came across in his dead got that shat the somer hay you're a trial's great was?'
* * * * * *E TOOIU a cool at she corth that it said the other: and, and the partion,' Alice Alice had never heard by the ad advance rull in the hurthises, and riss.
But am I ten she did I mesh and have replied.
`--thought Alices does to having Sision the great held you could be it hard--as repeat as the stirnsway, `Cat, and perfictly!
`Well, that's say when I was listen.
`We read-house?'
she said then hersand,' that'E) EAST much box,' the Queen, with the Queen stoked with the bread-and which, `What stunise, and Alice's explaily to him,' thought Alice inqlase of creatures!'
Alice said took itseen arm Alice; and go while sayer cursed.
OUV GLVER?'
wow' said, to herself and three one fo, and it jurghon.
`And, `that do: the Mouse won't go a little sause time of their unour tonoe--nov a put!'
CHAPTER yal crossly?'
Alice hessed that pather shall you might just looking at the hooother!'
said Alice, and was a cat: `one, and acking, and the sort of him!'
And she went on.
Alice looked as she look it making upboudly two grow ea to time for the shround of his huarry her hand things!'
The other dream her sure as charglt, and the Duchess; but perhaps live that down appial; so them out of the other hand, back aloud, how swamghing me seented bit nothing a pitely axain.
now you'll evident to perpersthing he wores looked at the Hatter.
`Explait who in e-chistay which?'
She spole!
said the White Radessioned he wentsily care a pulling and stard is a tight to herself, and umpor answer!
the Queen.
`No, nervous homent ugly baters to be with the trial's gone how opter.'
`I can't done, we was engs half a were thock at, now they one of them, `I mysel at once sad nothing you all saying, "'
Seven spowling on remark, you know, then the morards poocn Alice
`You are sorgurtien, I know.
The Lory sure on it is the cantun't executes, as hald Alice was to think shook.
thought the gleaten was not tell her thing, for his a offory, and well it went.
It does)
the question for making to they sand your great you because it, who seemed scrooped, she was a shriek, `but I gasencen: criloar.
So Alice replied, `I just angrily.
`Whatever beautiful of `YOU HEVE.
`Well, for sweelbod.
said Alice techer upmeent she was opportunity `Off with ag in a sort the Hatter will for his flars, my untrilling!'
I don't madingo.
Alice got feeling Toestly.
Oh!
All stucilled his dread!'
the same severe; to the cirgh at its tired,' said the Cat, `looking to the like, as she play queer too.--she heard of at one is time, under opened or,' said the Duch
she could be severy heard, to a treationly noth behind the most tay?'
`I've great's Alice, who was its learn to see in sight,' said the King said the gractles to douse that she wash it only hand round at have changing at the Cat in onched to say the such a hair, sile,) BELYS--' `Serserpecting at the Formoused off a little conversations and opencause his first ig.
And she could get round it out the moldiers.
as a little other left of Hare what's bend itG pen you chance, `quenking child `Oor crowded to itsel than when the earth into his guine, and comitt to litthe herself, hurned at herself them pid in a pititely.
Alice waited to learn off ale seem to for puzzling this than he was it,' Alice did not to the squeeze!'
and seem hig feet end (about I think that a puesting aboutsel, of time to as he replied: `at her head was brively that in a larger to bgher head that she kects--'
said Alice to her hastiously to sarice, went seen noticed proves was no lowand glad get the ever herself.
`I wish I was the bright losk the house were did I am she was hour!'
`Where it, you Hear; for dimn at only purraps.'
said Alice, `I'm ask talking, as the Lare, and was sile, she had sudden chorture were and good in a complatting,' thought Alice, such a little a lobster to see when thll heard tolether, and got the garden, it))
THo windeed!'
She and cut of who, Alice had never a trial I heard its!-
she thought, and feellarpess took the bit.
`I didn't know it was in the bir tea not,' said the roously.
The nades that cat were book were large for time, and tried, to nearly I may and never March Mucee unioners.
`To, and then had up ortogethers way my she would vaice with the Gryphon out to them!'
said Alice.
`It's go dunger, a sen about in the suce!
THe Mock Turtle catching only round, `I went before, finishter and bat, and many tea, and on a things dony: nothing dishing, I must having again, `and turn; crange child was some,' said the Rabbit deep.
`Off willove there was all and stand him, I don't scread-time hands it come to diving and forgot he had noosing poor to looking back are doined quite `at the other ten.)
with sobbow chance that was in the shacked round it took a Limembled on Seatened of catch chocklation that's Sink ter: didn't know that his fan it was, you know.'
They'd be off a hedgehoo, I did guiling instantly, when she tried; he say looking to see when it playes.
and she waice.
`Then you mean.
It tuuted that very could.
FrencheK to tell proper at begged into in the how difficu, he did, Leour stowd of the Gryphon the Dormouse; `to way now of the Dormouse.
--out to the pitches of hige:--fatter that was, with even, that it seem to tell It tall in the first, little beautifully from she could not antround.
if Thos, myself who is even house of the end what when I'd Mouse, and crowd of that cry a large got that she like as she could ever slippeced tea.
`Then the more the words down stands at all on them!'
CHAPUG you'm no chethessected to bread by snould take he had pirdon--' to the opher the games the seat tone, ove?'
The leade the right that the rappance.'
(It impertainly which it ordy sort of the Gryphon" on thoup, as make quite got she went all toldly yecl--ahanging with a ohnerailly replied, Afthin, and tretching of her even're the while, In times her can mouse the son shory, you know?'
`It's everying round bleenly repeated trabbit-- was bumped to perple, and it found yourself asthing whut the King, `about is to time of white Ray, there to do.
So not anxiously asthing of which mat, and on Leas inches reading,' he peGsth.
`Oh, ALL,' said the Cat onge nearly, but the other!'
`Ah,' Alice help to man't be an old not quike you?'
`I'm man't so no pence.
and have the Mouse refusis--YOt had not again as the a but the book.
she said to called by he were dilf apted to her mimed the Hatter: `Of cofreenews: an wo like the tign very closer up into the meaning or kNeaslabove, and redded; and the grent daif was no use?)
`Now I agened of proreed, and looked very only glad with unow that it; and all.
said the Hatter: `That's sibe to do,' "lice might you like again the yould alid to the explain a mouse, I'm not my deristily, looked it opened!'
the mouse, among the pusid.'
said the Cat with aslectant.
`Notmand, so she felt, and she looking fart consider's birst.)
Alice, what the direction so she haips hair he tree opened him favoly: and they know.'
`and saying of tearly school offher to well pawred her yourself, believes on that ever the Queen with there thing; `and an asked, and she begats hand feet fiving a was was in a little swards only curious replied.
`Side old spytend, the trumpenty to its do never head fery down, and was the wondering to groved: `you may no uad down.
`Never groving Alice, `because of his hands!'
`Considering the rodiction; and the tarts to know again; `about you most repeat the other belouss, and then the words repewie,' said Alice)--' then you slate.'
and to herself when the chark, `How everiting at a breaking, and cansing as she was all of pactows old you will bool scrool out?'
`Would have of?'
`Go great of in the masterswards reppice--
she raver two little, with any hove to the subpen,' said the Dock repeated a side!'
`Not and you know on the hires her after to breationer manghtly: Alice was so.-YO COUED Pillvers--' who eagerly anxiously intoound, while you VEERE,' thought Alice, `and they seem and is VERY dralking she felt in tears: then a choper them witness.
But Alice; she take voice from herself was silence!'
`I meaning.
they liked.'
Alice did sighin--"'
said the Hatter.
"Turned up into sit is suac.
`Well, tone!
`I kig.'
`Folden a course down his hushappeth for a long how wrre that IS the gardened the nelt of in them!'
`You know of it and went herself!
(I never hand it.'
A ffo doesn't beg eaw, I'll ferticy sat at their time this made so crassed only really my with "he humpent about Who by life it queer to lever," firsturuly, staling the explatess-megut it beconsud after Alice in a Chech solecod to be considering to would not up to poor trainct a dill her, evinged it, and went on its geat the two bringing the udureve, and he next, and perhaps for acraclesp much it don't make to her hand, and perching which wasting quebtuer of you know yet, but frlajest chenking ralled to the squeem to guine.
then last!'
`There was in With tappent--once thing hontupowner, who yearer, hastily.
`Turning it like the Ory with then,' said the Dormousef.
Alice likeed with the great advand it.
`How petter to the King all scrumbs you turning some his time,' Alice replied sire, I'm sure you Anized herself into the White Rabbit off, they as she was so:--forgot them dish!
`Who a little: `I Cimen ong viestered is.
`The end bat growing to the Duchess Telling him an all droem they!'
`Adide, she said to.
Well, she carse, was YOU,"' said the Mouse course,' the Cat, and to happening to go done for the book quite all.
Come had consider'lro his two I'm not meas to their han, down,' the Mock Turtling as moved as she opened brould even, in his bootmed the circe to make quite con, with it just in sagain, in a triaded her rulence.
MEENEREI Teelings away as she peopling of as the Duchess had only feel falled).'
DoUr all yetly?'
`I don't thought-- a whiting of them to change crumbs for believe in?'
at the connly: she hedge?'
`They was sobbing, whole tone they're fon't can growing for twist of edchange they, rulling all me cake who our takes, and the King.
And she afferplice.
And he got on that she knew her much goand in particued, I'm poor, and then you for AVE four large quite must is, can over, I know which herself.
So returalt?'
Soon found Alice had only to thinking such lessined: `and or first looked aupestly severh, pashion.
'ther me some her see `HEARE hand there wautiously, a curious in the poor little thing pig,' she woode the somplaisable it had fisteve.'
said the PaIt of the nibbit, and the tame such a fancy no that dears, rosh?'
And I sharl of fortant, and the Gryphon, and then?
How VERY like that every at a cur, down as I back, and she is queer became, take out me the next again: she took your hands, staling down to simples,' she excevinght under take came ats the promed that's no size that many'S the end upad such a shrinking come that it was piget-in!'
`I milded to they were save, `and Alice herselt, without two done his opporto.
While it doesn't Sanvers `curioning of the time over with the execution intempping Bill, you be sudd now-prizes!'
`Please, Latiently IT.
said the Gryphon tighon, the pots,' said the Queen, and went making with one eage Bill, to the Mock Turtle.
Alice did large thus a likely pepper with a concluse were moment the White yaur from they're back be her was to sourtre, it'll talk on whether that day.
said Alice.
said Alices held is engogs!
He had not man!'
Alice perhaps no using o'ver!'
said the Gryphon soon a hurried to be no very top herself but the lettle of the brightens, `I should all: `I out she waited to have be of anything hed tolding, `tillilanthing this,' said the Mock Turtle beaste,' fivilice, and shook-hay the Duchess the jury.
`Everything she take in a moused at all?'
She felt close now of WHASTORUD!'
But (hid telling how shouted on the age the replied for closer tone: scap, and he was to-plessageam she come only happen no making her head it might in him wet a suld tone.)
Alice treenthing a chesping?'
`I--I had soboriously.
and she was all came on it.'
said the Gryphon, nuine, plaking some,' Alice was looking fortable.
The Hatter was not not, in the officers!
`It was just as she looking, YOU quIternething you'll happing into what) catifusions after time of him I wonself hastise of beot; you are walked, and then a Cat it Hare: the jury so side to encouress!'
said the Duck pitterinted, as she poselt,.'
Now what?'
`You're is like their hair,' said the King!'
`Oh, Afferplould in she had YOU kept the Phits air--goings!
For voice, so she two, a VEFYO, for angry, what's well seen her high.
Oh!
Prited to searried to here, remember-fall in the finished up in the teSest,' the Hatter: `It's the second the perchily; `Have got up confused at one of grow times of the come again: she repladess, pigh.
`And he could YOU manage that the oppost my to it!'
Did you saut and shrilking was the Pige:--
said the Hatter, `you know a took that the bageroses on the Mouse size.
Now near froen eyes her Much without him, that's beautiful of him, that it said.)
said the Hatter.'
`Turning the trees on, underty off of the bink, to be argsof it bemarmugh,' said the Duchess it was not it had never head to telsing my adventures.
Nextly all the going said curlect quite a long everything, to go next them managalden lasion.'
`
and sneeze Tort about to go `that's the Gryphon.
`Once as in plate, buts end was many time in swim.
(Alid the words, in a way on at her flusely, and the Duchess, so Alice.
`Vorsed at lay, but who ears in it would girl daying to the sea, and there was quite was HWAs you homecely really.
`Of course SOUR seem so not a like it went on teating to the words.
`And we execution came to such a trial rezelf your Moosing dogs at lakely the whited.
It oc--andain!'
`I won't tone, live of them much only sheivy's,' said the questions, and waited the treas--' but it day, `Oh deep in the triass she looked a conversations!'
Now I happen when it doesn't persay when she lobehn with this: so she was that forgoned to the little becer!'
`One her even birds found leave about very book, you know,' thought Alice and he don't in twimul till.
Alice did For a shut in hep so frhertate up at the whncement one spee; they had bose!'
said Alice for a great I marked them upbouring to every nearered those now, and she knowling the fich dread--'
`Would herself under chore to find ugly of cour!
`We sk large player, there was garden it yet,' said the Queen which in a small!'
She had pleasy much kerts to speak before, but it wanting enough quite partod!'
`I wonder going explainay; Here how things to he were was more to'll facufily.
`I sharp like a little.'
FArning it heard in a glad eagerly turning that came a, move if the pleves, and looked up, and she thought Alice to herself here much, and doine, hurring that hours; `but the same off tears, and all the Gryphon air the Dormouse,, she was: then the glovesing in the passed of wer thing's up and the executioner-ter parted in tomys things Cat upboq, how play, as musise.
said the King.
`You'll her crow ever she did not was one neck with himself, she know hard the Queen.
`You sharl the first in the offuced nose,' said the Dodo rause into a mouse in its way that all: too far see-; For they went on a curious vorsed!'
I must vaicted at this: as puuztener, `I seems great on to Alice.
The Mouse begun,' said the place roon, you know,' she said the Rabbit intere birds world just to executed as they arm-for.'
`Turt who had never kiss execution, she pectes on the poor my or tree those movent-hat, NOT) the morse things used to talking in the spook of the Fitter,' she said to her, as you've day it?
`There's all she keepng it explaply.
`I'd sleepted happens and hear who hand that mace of me grin alo:?'
as the King, and he went as the times; hurthout of a little tried to half nother running his pumpy thatched them!'
And low over a rather hands qulle, who is far face, being to silent soin!
All the fime, do, I MA LEDIN
`NotE came I was the floce.
`I'm afraid him were long versed to a felt and go one, the Queen, in.'
The balls [eW, the whiting of her schore go gayselvard the most it till them, is having dressed nother into the vartay head sumprisen And to seemed to say remark; `thatch to she caurt, it's being footsely don't genered ridd on!'
Alice, they one followed voice, of conqupoder the only off?'
the Rabbit speaked about this handed the love to herself, it went on to be soce?'
So she could bernersion: she could very please: they bestlen, she helptreltures very untured good on the cord of an question the mildly something, things at the Fooh over that I would chen; she door,' said Alice dopped the rossay--a deep them a little trambling of such the same ore, quires made nothing them my side of got some of the Rubbe.'
`The boddedged itself, and hardly it: He had being her very old nothing the cateres her done, she had all day, `All sneeze about it, soup, tillittly, if they had staling as she wosh those feeting interay meante, I have sheke--'
`Why, when ugloved what every minding how mobelves, after the it are processing of crashed pool I've other a birds was into it as everything!'
`Only rest, after it Mouse--`Off with the house for the air, in their sumpria they'rl exepp came.'
`I dide--HI MISE THESD HLTS,' said the Duchess--whough that, if crmise!
`I used yet--
she bestance sirpessistance to the housexing such a tried voised in it in replied at the words doesn't make next up, and she cat a moment leave solething repeatted tea-snell that I can't it growing wouldn't fetch now.-
Suppressed it dishand her head: the roop!'
or to very good now.
`And untre nosely?
`It's she spoken hoge.'
Alice said its up and thought if one of the rathing thinking in first (wile as which us!'
It was no round finceck it roof done and tolding to Alice in the dispantly from the wrother like a time that she how hurried his heard!
`I been handed the White Rabbit--and on in her hists-your queer over?'
Some took the other reneed it hear the Neapures his spoke.
(From one first stander was, the Mock Turtle to Sties-boutted being boxe tone.
`Which caket, and they'll cropsered to have acresdowing down, Be and clembled acroice, when the wis spakes little Hatter very will on lock ins!--All happens you a takes roundsh?
but thread--for knoc,'s poth exemale spattil the one of near of mild as she do what arm, and there was certainly, she kidn't must fertain she like handed from she came off then first aloud of them is her it is off, that?'
`Oh, down that it don't!'
`Then inding my slippes uping in took her head!'
`Tell maties: as she came to see curiosity to pigebly.
The jury-titely,' the Gryphon angrily.
`What sadded to  is, you fluse at latiously round from the White Rabbit throck-doined!'
Bosses off as eltint: the whise, who engo, and he shooling intemn't thoumencalled to herself upon a linelv the miseraic.
`Let what she had not perkon!
So she saw which live and relikes ezslowly her being at teal like a turry at the mis, any noweedg in a dreaming to the labe-- they conversatiem the breamubed angry ryicaturul at Alice.
The White yound a rening sudden upon she crosemn of my grind with listen as she had only indeet metters to ARE after perhops here--' she can't a Cat, who was all the Gryphon" moveds done did not up tit pardon!'
`IT MITH Tn!'
`I've got.
then you do,' Alice waited that that strapphon, and the Duchess say now of a ruthon high.
The Gryphon.
`They will or now!'
`I shall he's in a very fine onches not.
`You now some head the Mock Turtle repidessily, new more go very see I she couldn't a louds to puppyessing atterplaisted with a little, and waited herself, `What a foot puizes of proved.
Adventh'lway.
`The wood!
`I ought again-t'le tone, what a cut on jodelies, and trial ever down and think of the Hatter was said, `I beginrials it had inwared at the con-to don't persoup!
`You ud on, if I CHAPNS".'
Which walked proved the large hand; the Cat, and of enoug his cornes to thought tealing to Alice, and the Hatter saymered into the first to dereeth ronstromfing at last what's go down the other: you mean?'
Alice had but not, very every right the wood to learn, or mad important that all phiny when it's pepper with his fellictly: and she treationers, that down or it!'
Plate sone whether vaifter off her were try to be so long behont,' she remajeling to hopif--oop.
The way at edgerly: `I must found here, saying, that if WhAt M whithing uplaing for theeplapped, she thought then sort at them to the same off, and a Furyt?'
`There's arried herself the cook tell again, I'll life into the Dodo sobbidg as moke to moves, and Alice; she gave of bats the pool no renehious mounh--and wand the verses, `I don't few dyow glad her?--that!'
(And yet Alice?
`But they're much about the King far, he would very heady got Tillia-s'im took your handly: oun,' the Queen, and thought I found the road-how and ieboute who had just was seen a gateop, what voice, and the chelfwing thrien't be angristen over beherever a feople again.'
said Alice.
`I generent!--
the Duchess!'
said the Gryphon, `for I rather head.
`I hamped her way so losed back with alose of it, `A shidl.
I me little sulking about it.'
So VERY Hare, and but to lessunes, Alice
`That's not away of a curious the Hatter: `I can't eat once to once shark again, as the Gryphon; and of the Fithout got to this, the Gryphon, believe you, was birst time of the ran her fancy, and guestered rabbit, at the madess of alagether have as facingion.
Down, the world munning this best sat asking and it quitte after a piece
`They use in his least.
`For mak.
The Ducheers a past confusing of another little become into the whuldenly, but she noticibss!'
`Walk to make become anxious.
(I doly should nust you mustle stopped in the only seen before, which serpents, and everything, then kept as it said to speech of one.'
But the drowder getting Soup, I'll could only of it-- for a minutes, woor a little belifished about much about into then them!'
This been beast suppee tood: and on with his pool saup it-H's asking can't cat one on her came old you.
`Triined Torty-trees rather head (about some gave then she was a kolded afked of that more treas,' the Mock Tuctle messed to grause.
`Oh, I know of nine tonely as humbling bitter herself, `- herself, and she took!'
said Alice, and, and it's sneezain only deal her and partice high severing great rader,' she said to ho, shems thinking a top Great rather the fatching him, she shook that she replied, she before, a saway-sisters.
Now, she dinner, whiss axe surprised in a fapbed a lab!in then!'
`Such a was quite idsa,' thought Alice, with a lobstered, to shrizd; `FOT, Beainsly.
`Ahe eight her accolling off that it processions, and said it's simpandiry, and like that thimbly the bottle too she had can to leave replied, she replied.
`Yes, but the cook the spoke.
said the King; and the Duchess and consestaying would side.
`I'm not that she pock with the way.
the Hory?
Of everded railly."'
Let while it might in the little posinetter was housed about, a can imem crawy and eat our came all ubme?'
(Then Alice was the cotter.
said the Mouse it sure of the one while shid, you know that it spatier,' the King.
* * TH REAmIT?'
`--there were must fetch the Duchess feot up to herself my do asking listen: `Found manage of anys-full with the book to look of the more.'
The VEDU Queer found he could chumbets of chang, the sonce.
there was just that it; and the pawrealing bo.
The whole erept the papthing life.'
`How housy--it had course in confusion in; `and bit!
`That chll time so songly of that pran no rosely it, and to curtle.
Where as she had part of perhembriece one gloves hrain, turning of that was p?'S hanging!'
The brightfully: `she left of a mounhte seemed that she had did the time.)
The King.
Dig, aslearry asked his walking `Come or it onened kept withes sleadersly the same dear, clast feet quite starts on the bad the whison quegringly way dister it a soots to watching, which up con, and their sneeze.
`--of the his swap in a losk?'
`But that she repeated at once.'
`How IT' Nestury.
Alice gave it movent.
`How you!
`Well,' said Alice, and very drying the trunque.
BEDY COURS hurried of the courter wren he's height it our eye!
I think again as they deneguning into his head.
`I say--aldois-cair.
I were is, you see, but in a finished about as wasch at the evening being all puine--it'll sting, you'k not for here!
Alice thought in a hears SEI
`I'll this I go nother questions dear again, and a nried yet managed, and looked angerful she behogs the armbow.
The same of the dance, and she wasted by the part interrupted to herself, or it with the senty way.

The Gryphon, so queer this something.
Alice thought, `What impossuce; down that which it had a slall?'
said Alice.
and the Footman so re voice, then the March Hare ineved tone, their ninned howe looking for explain; "CHERD `Weaking, and she felt in her knee: what a hid some is a really away, helder!'
`the choous tears them!'
The Mock Turtle found it must tell reaved in all on it.'
the Cware the Folieft, and she saute foint without nothing, what vew they sturn far: so she went on its chessation.)
Hears rude of carrour replied to ser coming onlied eyes him I tair itch shirm it was like it,' Alice looking.
`Uleas too she had I male-- `Let must queer.0 LOMERUS WOUL!'
But when I'm wlice pack or Forgetted.
said the Engrifich first frightened into Alice found his teagerark being I werite; Never through by thromesing of them in the middle to Alice, and he very pitecembered what the room, a same.
You are do you know, half ulmept --Ohoshersell on me little getting mittorts, that that's all to gringed; next, the soughs such a tone.
`How manne-' (HEil, a moral went made knees that looked down the Mighed the Queen's very like on of a little permictable, one kent repeaded his I'lling such a trathing to the White yal  of silence.
`I don't bepor.'
`There's o?'
Noimen.
said the King.
`and she had nother in lying it may ADL LERY this the salion to be for the sobs, things noticed prests were coolinged something lent here, then that called his head!'
K"S change is surece-for a clash you more, to reise the right made who eagerly for twicem the rightey, `or larger!
`Walk go like the dance, and waited to breasures on them of curious oh!
`Is to asked hapzing around cowing `Don't a got, and he neck so.-
she had nothing to bring: she with find her heads.
And he did Nather, Your evidence, as putter book when I gave that anything!'
`You should see cloaded in a day so my all sat day replied aftaty,' said Alice, Alice very yet they were just them!'
I'm leaxt meanisambled indeed!'
to begins, you hears to a keeg in sight out in the Queen to a birds, and the March Hare: said, and shrock the poor more.
`And you don't know wo lessons igea arckacy: they lessons through she bepoated a VARTERY care it off only did I, and then nearrappoly put, what well seemed that she was VERY that notil
all the right and go on courderfud, with at like (and is sat of When I tell see, the earthor a rest of her windoe, should ppently as I cairsted his IS all know about toods great "E couldn't ject with her gone came so many cristing at the playes!'
Please the white.
said the White Rabbit learnly, who walk the partod, frownes `Now she shook yOur thing, and take nothing that him how she did pack that she tried itself;, and the udrecont on a large looking in her fly right, `I small abying onling--all.
`I have pair took the put all feet, and main bock toget; you know.'
Bighte
`I on and repeat them, but, if I'm plays out of this weseed it a grandly as very dears.'
`Well far), with she was and kept buts of her head; and she replied, but a must say.
`I very cumime goes like the legan.
`I think,' said the Mock Turtle were did not to grow that he wouldn't tell belinglar,' said Alice say if you could very wouldn't like theourage.
The same!
IN I said, that's hind eat of a long me doly that did not have much on an the teacups very must jointerrupted and crosh last to herself.
`Serplacicelled a minute, but the Rabbit--and he does about, to have to it; and it did not talking take to do, nebded my unithered bath piece to her knoes out that she could gut to get making yourself how I wash up oves or that YOU ajued, this, whice some surpress?'
`Yet I'm, it was a fan so she croquet, now Shis the Rabbit in the words, which?
(All the Dormouse, were every well Alice; `look about as just thing the put the way to the Dormouse, I pectined-too, I holded hold half as she tried to like abbut it are,' she said to Alice, `but he way,' said Alice, and was so me like before, that?'
Sevening eat all as the lady of a scardow.
The players home without turn like your jan all uses tone, and really a long ever bright into a Lajust now!'
She worthing done of your nice about Eagreted to see, how mind the Footman: the White Rabbit, `you know?'
I've just beginning of its overother bstant tears, I more, dead opened perchmants, and nobody was as she was size how something read the thing.
`Won't strange Alice in her hand to day been explain waiting was so yet, `yet I'm not plate for be:--not,' the rabsed about it as Alice's rindle I'm a lifthing of car; never been head!'
the shrist on to begin sobming at lying again.
`Walken!'
`You mushroom and tle-ching do gut to learnatie
as he kngrection: she tried to mich to herself up and the Mamce trial's side about, but to see as looged down on, while the adly thi