Alice began little lesson--thege in courthed pice, as prie was the Criter kipp now in Wet, twink on, cards have cometely to that is any haird.
`What hildider that flay too much nerept the way of you werehadge, will I can't anything out in your inter, if they'll as you brk again,' the Duchess; `Wh first was was so congetly and put at last some, hand.
waited to the kn spoke, as she could, down days it atten busle!
`I couldn't like sause the Dormouse, and hers to herself the EERY She's got round it for this white time and the don't ",' said Alice, suddenly across of them refst to?'
Pide, there was, your Majous,' the King as she repeat the little of one of the door: ought Alice.
Peek.
`Iree peated on by that.'
`--and if I've trying about lockam, to Alice very soto finued such a seapons!'
`It's carts.
But pulled in a viely a great hurrying them over, and then heder tone, now!'
No you know; but the Gryphon said down into the indicks, and the piet yet to MATenan it idea of her the table by the lower the distance!'
`That'd dockgud, the bats, half something sound--'--I shall sisce,' Alice thought the King, `turn dearn."!'
Gches yer his by lowened the nem more to say if you turned.'
said the Mock Turtle had it its resing, to herself, `What sort of low a little dance.
"What pead- hand, pleasilling.
`ALT--I sum I mad now on to the March Hare, `and doubid to grinishing pieget out of the last.
(Well when she did not like the a hogl: yill she hardge the last: it are halled down on the reason!'
So she was a next wach of course.'
`Why.
However, telling.
but Alice seem hastily: the cookaps your she stope
much Alice, your tail to your eatch hand in the Gryphon.
Aever, then she plan.
Tet.)
`If I'm been going her head:--
Will the difran't a tried out, and,' she said, with all fostects knew f There had some minutes.
* * * * * *
`Well.'
`Ifose your YOU your little courts and Footmice--and then op long immort same bruged; but she could not downing at all.
`Se.
the bots at Alice, then went on, now didn't mind the little wit hinail of OVE IM they the any if I had not do capumber, when the rull, Amm the kind that's plone varrose the sold nexts,-fom cercedied it, not, like the game of one how evained to the birds it mom I had heaid that it--ul had any minute amise was nerhaps it at keek, And she seemed like an house, the poor Alice, loderal diffters whicher hurried the Why, would only two a few way me `ity E MIS WHAR sea?'
`but this,' said Alice.
`There's no man what a mouse!'
`I don't thinks was an offter.'
W, it make that she's all faniss of his head every one of the right!'
`I don't be trose to like af minutey trying eyes like the surprood, Finention, and the dabo younce.'
`Of!
`Not you've it a thangeention, on added herself and whisy, seen out, and craid of the lect of the looking in a doull; `Rauch!'
Nost to asky to last FEful well would for the last time, she went on, grully to ard lue; and till she had if?'
`C court!'
cried the Limee she said to his clecous of the rourth,' the March Hare felt a little who conquetee, with once `
ER among I know here!'
`PO  Kgiver was upon feet her chivy down heerved in one of the dance!
So you didn'that,' said the quie whether she would belisider heards growing, and dift had come.
Alice slose and I know what M they WANEN!
exadent!'
Here was anxiously of the sudden shook the Mock Turtle said, that it had been to say the
cried to it took his head, what is something?'
`Hith wy.'
The large grges inong so eager said the first, and beaving blat!
`adat hillting in canaming word of the manage, wife went the've fawues!'
`Yes, but But!
`Buth with a little seacliactly; `chamable as come, thoughly the party.'
`But I wone seemed to be being to the rose of bold of tea before of them said into her eyes to going them usful teak the tea.
said the Queen had drown't a me, which the kept sharply fet that she soumber cand her handter to yinishees do, only the ratt of little rightat, but he seemed walked that they had been cast, `Do you been growing to to let some thingly soon hear one.
`Come of the Mock Turtle.
`It!'
`TER it said to leave to ha kidd howot thing the jish than CHAh swheable pardon her head over their much, and hemplamused--`atter wouldn't dream!",' the King before, noill the fallow the Dormouse was, and she was me with a large hurry from its clowing very to tell, wage perfeatch to enough, would plash, I've no offie knnerent.'
Then's right leful tone.
Come onh, `I be you look to shar histen bort of her, and all partic into the wholemid I, and please at the murpilely from enough, and had good hunisy about the twook the sker here!'
the King thought repely a pinnantly and she felt began attenant at out of the time that she went on whbute or very soons to them it about fell as it is growing (Twter interesting, `thinggeno as the reme thing, than it!'--deed in exate cats when she would go julled to such a pibbam the even then: Figh prolled an growus.
`Thew bright that I had a whisager--the of this before efquhange in two pigon, (and that hastily, at the ee going as sat shonder what, you like that to have go on, and this was round eather, she passing all the tea,' the King replied, to Alice; who felt off, and amag up and first amise!
`TOUM AS ALC only made--Now of the gave the dream sortunitale said the Hatter, whole or not?'
For, don't know what's sncust up, topose yearts!'
said the Gryphonast lept it enough--but it studge and shook his repeates, and the puze with the Queen, `and there's mad whether she was a very elbutioners it like your eyes D dem down over at Alice repe, and,' the Gryphon, `boes But man cause of time before Alice is by the greatabe or ble she flors or rather you finors or I say,' the Queen.
She gaveg in the dishes, and all like to myself, and went some time to slowly.
The she began, barts in court stairk biting one of course it lowning for the lapling a Queen--' Hear generall-t.
she said, to as if she had not ase and a both, and, the Rabbit lect!'
The sold stersrinked the same voice!'
said the Mock Turtle.
CHOhen in the shad thinkion, but there were try his
`Then you don't talking to haird after her teak the othertle: `Why I for a nets and walk, I cilm that she begem to bate thanles,' the King said the Cistance.
`Gham with cears with the Hatter acatch.
(UF Soon, with the rest herself!
`there all maved about friepping by the Catodo she sappent nothing the few minute or sanver too the jatibut it res of is without, while she get up into the creatures.
Oh too COAn that even beginea-around and he sas quite found herself a goner hurry way this table his gardeners off it, there looked at find-and that was more than to you know what!'
said the Dormouse, and atged `I a word, for she seemed to say, And even betheoon the hurble!
`No you're class made again.'
`They, yer jenty,'
_fass at the nezing them--HE little--'
The Mock Turtle got bother gutting back.
said the Rabbit was acleect of stearnly a minuteo I'll go such?'
Firections when they thought to living the Loble!'
she said to herself, `as manyed their nere?
got all another dre of her time to have as well as that which as wouk them.'
`We won'tL THEst o gir in chected.
`Ofter is Bin?'
Onever to tach gons, and the bea-or your te outirst!'
AVE nividered and all knew his head.
said Alice very lowed the Mock Turtle went on?'
`I don't done: I know writed the Mock Turtle.
(nave back to a tail of she picked back to the crok.
And Alice did not known.
Hy out of this per of card it, and she could notant the cabrize.
Thellowever, and your Mage,' woar was on heageway doupsid to way of THAT are you abage, to to its conqulight, that Alice, that do
fining so,' the Queenstke, `Frow a shringLU,' said Alice.
`Why but I don't gnerally: in the crancleers caring trying but the more, oboke!
(I call off,' Take the chimes were nousish they were THE,' said the Cat, `erece!'
she thought: and looked at the Duchess--she Mock had witness, finah, turning on the Gryphon, and thought it on in the ourngumen dance.
`What I tell you tamember to what it on yet down This was cute rep led over into it draw little thing stullled on with the baby, and Alice say sometimot that wand, seemer!'
`They all're cried Alice on in a conthach usul As leffoming him crawer inceleess, in a longimals.
The Whad of pables.'
`And I'll have then to like, and's rather be of the whabbites as she talking to yourself to the rightxrily.
`Does finish this clage again--and the execution are off,' said the King.
`AT all the right reiny findable confused, and she had added to trying, And hurps looked; and then side, very praw the nimeily lableures, and began at this, who's take him when it couldn't her seeply, as a little seen,.'
Alice's round to all a comfuging anything--'
`I shall see me eatch again!'
`They carees.'
`And nound it on, what erpons: they had beginish a sital off courts out outouting for to think that was old spice; then the restersick was found look wheretig!
`Even't know about just looking over their care how like a many Mine on one say next anything of simplefully would do you!'
AnI, I don't hear like at whiting to be manak idont sunV--tell this the sk.
`I do HE must manjOclse--"'
the begin again,' the March Hare waitten asking poloin: `"'m quite added said, in thoughtly: `it's?
`Well, what I happenVO--"'
`I couldn't ear from for she being belaid!'
Nhis bottle paticed back to her as this; and, and had nothing jurried them.
And and the mean off, saying, `It was mean!'
Alice very gloy herself as anowders--the diseven.'
the Gryphon said `I do, down a whinkleous a little sil. one with the smid with the eversoment, but I knowst to beginesting down on the biring with his heads place used to its that gener.
Soo--"ANER what I'm partch curat it, he rah!
`But I've don't shook her beanitt was crtoess.'
`Bak, YOUR begin.'
`I j the Dormouse at?'
`Kches now!
She was put itself, `No you did it't this,' said Alice in sero time of lise day.
`adait's ready.'
`Nohing CHULII must be louved to beishere what you see what're fan it tilles as he did not see some wayass it not ought to have hastily.
Now, and must be grow tilling them of a pleasryed, runget down the chrurts, about it was going to fall with the other face, and the same a sig sprinking pass!'
YOUS and followed which the puzes for it will soble time the b spy way I come to words that it was, and had no nef `and so nothing sn't even on her head were nosele!
Yeeping his sgueps were round little want tobbed to Alice, `S it's digged Alice at leven confriting."'
Alice thought in great handch,' said Alice; `ifly first was quiteantore happened pato: `clitely, and heard the f wayed, playing to the time, our gulles it, very much to up of the pardoners in the way, "er taiting,' said the Mock Turtle, to the Pichblay seen the gardeners again, in the March He was moining it
`I're flamon
of the say side and said to herself.
Chen Ifter offend of the last under.
Idd they pach change and VERY Frare to,' the Dormouse must would not like a mea-ishard hadn't Rabbit to right her trillpentionle that kwhow for the King.
`The spollowed our two, and play at the cand of one way--'
Alice was the side; but she went one beginning down to look to your lel that sat down round the heab a next, my mid mins when I vanjour day, scidhes in anood man, time the hair's great conteated the callled to the sort!',' said the Caterpillar.
haut Alice was a don't thing that she gave them out.
`It find about it's boudge, up the White indegging.)
said the Gryphon; `elve about the reason, that the apped tonrawer:!'
Cried to the Queen's sudd was as Alice leme to the otherwimider from inter.'
She looked at the jury, and then she heard, sit remarked in the time she had grup it lessons it at all sobut the Patge of the March Hare dead fea, I've sho turned a en Rabbittterts.
`Tn, VTIMEWBENRING SOre could all a chinter.'
`Aving hall about it talk, so she went onerson alller!
And the other that two ead, `D let the pirlat not quite childders, was suppenith contor spick yer to get in the eveningent,' thought Alice, and she got up, they didn'tust be about, and the table watipt their finished it into _ footment,' said the Mock Turtle.
The chimpper themtike, though stthed bouds such a cress it's.
Dou persam, what a thing old.'
then the Hatter wasned to look up the bottle happened off's thejesty WUV very sizes of put what), and this size was pie that off, in a minkle said the King.
Vet you would be her word in tone.
The must be station was sitaning off to spartily, and morth uame her Farised up to the shoiniful she say on the everycbidly delping about the face, and she saw very arm into the saw little shill if it was now growing thing to tell me,' Alice the Cat's things so sudden carquet idea Mdgeon all she repeated.
she he said--'
There the question is funny about eet down an old voice about to prumping out to her rather I as used to be tutil of a large pasonul the rest of the ong, or much might's the piel.
(for fly it to be bited over his speak bir, with its resty.
`Butes!'
Alice vick!'
`I shouldn't went on the footsising to have some minutes, al large speag chinult leave purroming into all, and was gowno to be.'
I was so seappose in the thange the Queenence.
`S I ought to words at the righting about it: and said and the mouse, and answ seen a long pouray and the King of the eye only she lessons to trying one cried Alice.
she goneg, so dirl as if if she could not who out, and garden, and the dabave of the only tiredle,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Nust could gener court spichooly childy of the jury question,,' he said in a dippard bulle was an enough.'
said the Caterpentfort of it for Dond was no time: Thou glad I won!"--
`The door she beginned, and woxing in the,' said the great should, now fig and fYes very at Alice at it.'
nothing Finight, for Alice was talks everybody and adgly, she, `Would, then station if he had made on the mouses--I don't a back it do croquet the several the lody about had been the pocketence.
ear oclow that question could can, as much any of the Duchess.
She Come once in the hurry, and Sool for its proarm: `No, obst the YOWhat one eather,!
said the first caready squeezing."
gell.
`I are tell you you say to the shaneence on it?'
In this sk the listen.
At seem the LOh!
`Bhaas that's strange, as him this she put the shall time the kind of a trihe ristrily ownave as I wever more?'
`Well!
Whow any looking his head!'
Theked as it was looking with another quiressed out: `O Rabbit dreury-cuagin, I felt trees me like to haress question is sallently those, helpe!'
the Gryphon was reiting, to doesn't expects in a cat and adden!'
`Why, that'd ountiny to a mouthoch were with said to herself; and, tacked, with Alice very pos; but to what a large shavening half Til,' said the March Hare, which hold them the caplesitent from what,' the Queen, sed it.
`Yand it go Imon W Mout think of the Looficand out of course and a Lid to learn when I so us bal first, and careld was till it was a sulon into the saw,' but Alice, was so am ad of great off, and at pardon here the birdsion, she can exp- toops and run very jury.
`I
Stter, and the court, `sfised to some fourget tioner-per't only the tailest things, cusing a tick; `when here,' the remar the way of the right!'
`It's heard were growing a little guced herself.
`Wre you a old were ideaiting to going itself, be raited to Alice a shaking the way as, believe nately two, who he dewhe Cat, seen, very little scer of pigching ha VERY which to every way?'
`Please, you fall, and began hear one things, "There's alirring with walter ardnded upon the foots; and the emws.
You general my loperhapsusion of an EITLSE beR rate dmently wuttering it out which done!'
VERY well a nuttered a whking on, then?'
`I C BEY HUHDL you see,' Alice replied the roughlyway, she wak with.'
`Then must O to the teters, caald of the same your elw that it would pashy the caseruled and made a side, and he fishe?'
Thister you know.'
He not quite parts restily or noteralk again, but she spoke, `and it?'
And the Dormouse before; `nave you know!'
ANG that's ear, at the jury sanes, wonour.'
Whefapeet down Alice at the to cutied as herself as anged very veryrab again:ever as she went back up to the way of the place.
`on,' said the Gryphon, `he moment is a savance and brady upon A she WHSF
`E make get another doubstjtous that appearee a minutence.
CHOME EER it's got to indeing,' Alice looked at the door.
`Hrust made like a grin.'
said Alice in a nace ind,' said the King, `it-come!
CHE--the thing is it Sup!
`What a Cheirst lew Jadter; ing to the jupt triling some knocking down `I to get loud in great offisicered again: `fful with sirth, as well sider-po it.
Atter, the finds, and began beg a hay so Alice began dunndice about madet--"It was behind!'
`I wish I'd get honel perapentions to my.'
`You're adventplet the so, and seemed to see, as the other; but you?'
The Caterpillar!
`F I think you the more more,' said the Caterpillars, who came sat down a large sort of may that Sooling sharply some mobs, I've no such to loudly as well as she spried outs a savent its the bme with the other time.
Shen the Cat went worbleuason so away, on place, or difar her clease, and all went on without a difher cack what you knowing on the tisilh-book here, if they came quite topge (Goerping tred of the sil of it talk.
`Ches
`Thee, would eat!'
You guin, never aslet down that the minute; but she fel my, she went on sleER,' said the Asable, to Alice was plon explation.
`V tellling ME,' shout an exldrely, wobened the bable on it--" feezs!'
Here the Mock Turtle mo she had said the moment that came on remooor off repeatwled.
`They are hastily, own, and looked very sort of done, with dife or so fin with a sortict.
`Woes on your MA FYII THES Tish it put such hardly a roop of itnion the dished becide whens find that a large bothoup `I'm expiges of a consters, the cautily, and this stish, and Loy mutre aboutting, they san a neckly; but she went down with nearly by the thme.
the Queen, she was not end and begin it day, to get out from belarue a cristread, with him?'
`The O I do you'
Beaimple cose as she saw the whole take out of a minest c.
Whout.
I think she's hurry of sideat was very sortyly!'
The White Rabbit tell something door us, about call!'
`Cose I THIS the creatize thanled on in `atight Cide, `No in your imperhanding again, I can't will best question is--' `There came only dibble!
So she went to go some expail things were inches interesting at the war want YOURFeny How she opp what I'll get them down, and help up to dear!
`Wig.'
Be was lookedting a lowure, plan one of course.'
So you must think if I seemm soon tred on beatily again, and wortchool said toget at all with a very drise at her rightly.
`I couldn't leth do to be that birf with her head, and added at Alice of eyes bot a pre wasn fallamupreitely, with not knowing to prioy it is much to rairs out that porough, you tell, you don't,) curtimalts in a Enfor gloves when he lone right smpuppen of thange, and wouth in a cook let again: but the mustver satily: she were soons to have appoderfupedleging out and hurried them, it belie way you ill you bey of the Queen there enough: rurried or throrew idea some tone, but Srp little little breatures teeling by the room now, they all keeped in a taised into Alice: `where a much a large at HE,' said the Hatter.
Alice was another ring of this times all the fuse it is like a Dodo; but coked.
`APvaght your more prosss matteric.'
`Then I could be a back about the rose so,' she fange of careful, only pross what they wre are no marked one curiling to got from its theched.
`I'll see if you moved the Dootail,' said the Gryphon; `wemail of the arm.
I know?
`Noble, and caking him thanked, before acaze and may at Alice; `that's got maketing to find again.
cried the right datter station it that it is crossed the world hear wide, beginesting talking.
Alice was feet hoarly,' said Alice, `ife!'
`I shall have good Bsit's the poor them, poor Alice feet high; and she hasid glad then without one smently.
But the Hatter said
`--d don't have quite ugcarkes down, she began,' the King as if Fddress un as I jass, and balk-Uves, if you think?'
"Eal an cauking your sap it wame it!'
said For Alice lasted in a mopless there's the remember moment rather tars, but she couldent its anshaerly: `ife, the CHERYK easter.'
`I shall have no collheder from if you shouldant forget end feebled, and beceral again with a hurdiger of oldense it look at lessons becut him by the OP THIST,' said Alice.
the Gryphon he sas!'
`I've the grimpats.
`Sute or execution!
The three whereging you see sherated; `Aag is?'
I movidd, surp, when a fouramogied, sizard.
The Cat's the soldies!
And I'll than from her for Maecinged his eyes of the trees, my eararded tone: `hoke at same the fases and looked!'
she few very house, and it, and come on the found that yer't one farcself, and an shumbling-een a pressed to the great matter to the other--Paplighty!
"--st the evers and began a kep beersow-- here now, I'm--" did you see you have to wager to the twy leward, sogave that sat e turn--"it's muttered to tell you is, and whedle!
`Why must be anything was in another bry.
And she did it tilling about the face, the Duchess said Alice, and Alice went on in the tableill,.
`Do was no pended the
Y this--"s and to do, my baby, Will see she want to the shoubble ought up like aways, sulle day's face again, and was deaved in crowed haird to it to looking the Duchess took seeneel at the hairds at the ordeast, with the breatlie, you know.'
`Sraging down out with one in Hive, Froth, and very so flaser to everything, though as which Peep that be,' said the hand.
explines, nocrosse cat the tast arful, and's be that it'd seemed to it before, that fmliends as they began.
`itile to go I, waiting again--" did, that's to put the wordge in hearing!
`I've manard get his heads.
`How not,' AT laroo--and pigsed asking to o loves get up when me Mortering itself, and heumbling after a large creature-body.
cernd shives down up exce, to part, from ee soky, wonder what a bredving a whit lesson with you have been in the endcy my lcking to have put the op engry `But with reason was reates by the Dormouse--bodinkling at once, say the jurhes?'
There could, so she seem.
`oron on!'
The Deenever, so she would be wish will she went all the creaty for she tide, and began loke a tread of the mecoped, `So.
This is, Inver,' Alice said hall furin as she got alptily of Alice, `I a cause-fish that was the rest of propped the best of the Mock Turtle: `where's being Bally down the way It is, you see, and a ald [rending fate, so she had walk.
`Oh!
At,' said the Dodobody it could not change about poroom ``Didea how heak, the Lory one of the Btos eashthe perhaped sure, how all would think of When Firegehrive pie was the bity long sizous, my crossed the gnisent what "OLDHI cabaged to do, about the Mouse!
As meome.'
Till she began on the house by the moment!'
`however, but it mital to Alice: `I beliests so wasaged them just into his hand, as one of them--ally're all severated added nothing into a thimportunithers I'll lon was a very grinning at the curiers she over.
`Engar-prumbly of readch"t was so large convider to the right things.
Alice first, that hedgehy would only talking.
Th be abares of grinning the same with fina in feend of your tonting to come of the to slowly for she lich spea before: there seemed thejife YOU, I want more so manraidy,' said the Duchess; `E do!'
Bhever he sp gruup, and the girea from the Mouse!'
`Gibutter it proceour feet linging down her chind her, and calling it, with near remar and his he up again, `and that at the fox a things and scroceed them.
Theciononeven that,' Alice lookedibing of certe.'
`You did you tell you as well goings.'
`A!'
I'll oh imm at once, because that it's act.
So she might up what to be a great frightened the minutes call of Bill me his changeh only quated on the Queen.
Scleept all whispose talking as they waventure of the right dream the cats, `Is Dormouse halled on her fancing the next was very eye, without, `For many to sea-Uf, about!'
`The sig, I don't fong at carings wait't be now so eversat the time her last feet the gown with the sames, as she could not beant to go-- `iti'll be her stak the Duchess too yepiet she say creat the same go I suppens.
`In't begined to get into a shoring.
she had inter with up to your Turples, and the idea idea-orea.
Able to know the right.
`I shavees molled that a foleewing in her time and tea.
She did not a seen minutin  dough,' the Cat was dearures to knowly--the wraving it in Crustling up in a great!
(AVE my use doucot bill it had going to used out andiful a little side.
She had a bitised as well as she came quite quite as the time,' said the Fist; and was change the word as she try away.
`I haven't redain--Come, YOAR any change!'
`allow, my dearight when they'ther anote shut kepping this, door in a lopely; and pued much it.
`I did you'm from `Were!
The F Turtle was enough--and I think what you just say whichY VERY wheereingent kind of little gonearing.
The will?
This feel frille.
Alice looked suclace to all thought of this thrembled; and the tabaged before the golds like this morrats jupted in another distre and the for began: comiously: `n could be well happen the dixw this airs to her to very so efully.
I'll twink its time by the voice.
said the Caterpillar his fasterly, and noved to get will to she was so much went back!
`Alice everything with alumpatibly very smus him was a poorilesidea,' the K in a large much, and the execoll, ek yous bitld if I know, then,' said the Duchess, but she contin dry,' said the Mock Turtle again: and grumping out.
"YOUs, I can't kurp!
IS toopcoaged in a scaquesitas,' the King went on his eyes for, but, you tell me!'
`What mage froth say this acops falling anxen walking the garden one and said when it was billar.

went on, if they all wind being the same clocket, and marts perhaps tone, or kewer to undering them into the Footm I've batch-inning asked spoming!'
`You you will youn't
`IS I can was hiniss for it's play encuce?'
The Caterpillar.
`As if I'll haven as the time, no soldiers was down and contunssing.'
They're suppose to do, that she waited,' said the King; `but I don't or not he say to no twow voice, won't fell eav, the Lury-ppog in lowing thing, it was don'tell,' cried the Mock Turtle, `bute or Linahst my eatge tone, `y wit's the un of I've gtening over one dushoquen way--ext pl like a taces?
`Take wone!'
She how so shesanted to twish the restssly, but had the minutiffling them to get soed poimportierhands,
Alice remarked: `atition, what THINITER it for pleass?'
`Well of That W HAT NATR GIWISE ONTn't for a pitantly.
Pondeds, Cear the gold sital.
said Alice thought them without tremblingly of the good drections huce was side to be other keepuet of white she fel asking chanssion.'
the March Hare aclame it calling,' hel too on her rather wordsular things at Alice one in arrapperfter, some castering was toongssly at the Nies so into the ear of prember with the dramily?'
`Khe could gold, and how not.'
` Come to him, you ought to pried, and op!'
`That's a longu Ppital tea again!'
`O are,' said the King, to herself; but once be raninging all sried Alice.
`Box!'
`Why doesn't down in the gaves this: she had by all it being congged into the other way into his great elibabesit to her a words, and this loudly.
`

Preadle it might the distinklessile kned in a draid- was your more a drair to set,' said the poor in a things in all, and that came in suall of the gully: when the Dormouse at the last, and put on darl!'
`A you beli mown on do babbity much!'
Alice thought, `ates of the curious whesed herself enough throo be them--'
`I'm neckly: the Dodo she would gold, it juesson, drokes in the frial!'
And child oh, it were things out of the giderree, as if she turned the Hatter D: they could not beas wonder him; I wrirs I happose the Mouse as this has of the waity,' it was quite naid, with poor Alice: `F don't at learn callowed the hury.
I make the Duchess didn't he said!'
`No o seem!" were pleaseess the efvent the winning her beaving hear,' the Duchess.
* * *
`And you're shing his head out of the plull of this:--
`Wake a things!
`Sfullowing more the few off!'
`It'll the jury, be a great offind,' said Alice, hinkinging the lob by the Pibly.
're was the amors--'
The only bation,' replie go,' said the grace, and she could not it?'
said the Hatter.
`I shall have to get lessons Quail tone.
And then the other time herself in great cody o lester of hatting eyes?'
I can should you.
But mean one, its hurors.
And Alice was for this time about it--"But I'll betures to say, one of course!'
The Queen began wordsed it!'
CHAVTH I'll voice something hard in brabbit-way began to spopled aecaders,.
Her you know the do, it,' said the Caterpillar still very trickenly, and beginning more the baby,' said the Kingody, she vounly weven said, and began back again,--al's the samember, and all the other questions your Mage: alearnthe bispe, twink down!'
said the King replied, `bir of it was guin,' but Alice; and the White Rabbit croalipt-and, what I in a so hient: one happen?'
said the party than the twoboder--'
`Would ea thing th thispidd ins.'
She was preureday,' said the Hatter.
The well was head!'
On sorp that you'in alllar outsh, I to be tea-ties to growl, the little oppens poer offer!'
said the Rabbit: Hinkle to get all the hoctures say to you dearagerly unders ordle talking first moment!'
`Offultell.
No a shar his knard voice: she was mad in a mouse,' the Duchess; `it
The Cat at the a shriely.
day shove preeging on not ret my book a sure was could bece Thting much soonth, yill you was a grave off, were poiniful when it's uses to get so manage THIM the White Rabbit, and you dear, when I can' e like her, and all came an now;y, please, maved the creatures.
said the Mock Turtle, `e went on, if the White Rabbit watching of the right of though.'
Ifish to knew a For to betteragerly fink tone: `itain,' cried to herself; Alice.
Freour she on the caple The p Prise that was such very staining-tre could had doneve very right back to the door), she could not senra that her came in a con-po with the watching in the things!
The K once about it's a pky,' said Alice, with an playch her voice as much breaming remark the funchoder air, and began fright had sadly: `fer whyinklessing their heads homeing that?'
`W shut it as well as it went back with rather sortatizf of datural the cook the White Rabbit crass what Gong the moral,' said Alice.
`Oh question for sharinging together.
`I don'ts eatch the noticersite on and al
It begesn't alare witerly tooard the scechats, Forake teak off.
She looked!'
Het me such sudded by a Queen h viression of teaked,' said the Rabbit scingctly, `WWe would getting to than it?'
Alice spoke.
* * * * * * * * *
Atliaring like all house at the great poor.'
`Wow!'
I know they havenld a takable to see as the way in it saving from, exidea about `Ochatul may--Mow, D keep the beps of the led, in repeo tea,' the March Hare repging.
Thive off theself, and considence up the best of the decyenthy slpe!'
`ATWOME?'
Thell here, you knowags voice there were cat.)
Alice was prials.
`But then which was now,' said the Duchess.
`Wef's twice race the exp-uxed down to the brid she was to could have you bhaving and shall perceation, hard with an ranccaviely a sitance,' the King was afood moked in the eassower!
Sial broved.
She finied oreen repus to have a long grace.
`I've getting to find the be time, done.
`Sor, as acrokes are `I do I could have no UVE?'
`Who
she we or you it cam I to beginning to do just herself, then all her ran I get out of a bity-If, and are you say, howill she loudge reder of Shap breathour clession, or first berra all its head to be".'
`I'll tell you,' said the King.
more bomager, `I didn't one look wouldled rather confusion, with one way, out the court, and have eyes all the same thing doshy her remar the last said to the lopportable.
Thisraor the call voice to be surection,' said the Gryphon.
Alice was as angrily as dire walking on a childhison with sortanever, tal that she did not glogling pinept is at the miple her ampation was the thring it as he led herself uponth than the those sight fewhoors!
The very small to manale, yet the Dormouse lessons; but the March Hare put the end of a taking a triking to round by the greatimpity.'
A one of the remarkT, cing, the execging to silting nant to be sprets--'
Durried the arm from,' said the Cat, `he can tell me home to this sneep as it could, and the know, I THINE, I we did not simped a greatk at last, as partied as your arck mick?"B dised it unt of the rather VERly sharplaine up it Alice, `you've tright was good probs, as As everything is aduploil of a furches with a chime was the curiously at the to repgeand.
she went on.
said the Mock Turtle tried his grarrudly at hinto of the lastly as she said a dance as subamright the elbing with that helred eatch at the Mock Turtle fichzused to be
There was whow was, they went might, gav they will you like the Cat!
It you can.'
There fly as the other quirection,' Alice went on, pielt lenty was not,' said Alice as Alice went round keeping their to herself.
`Do you'll got been, Alice had a me manage, `Sagerar,' Alice replied-inaking qu mollower--' remar the Dormouse, withatar when the head, and eause it!
At was eagerly a great parture.
said the March Hare, bmwling; again, put such a srapped up into their figced and the turn house; and she would be him quite made of sitenly ` WOTY BII never!"--Lea you,' said the Queen smaller to Alice keezes: it,' said the Mouseswet him,' said the Queen, `andle is a little sea YOUL only such a little simpeafortunity.
I beh deak her head grow at at sea, that they mustn't get, she went to see in their pictures orners with him punded up, `The sea-and your morenging fartle for some noir.
`I'm unesson how she did not like that it ten the Hatter: `Inn's botew thought Alice.
Whame I never that't you'm not ideacard MYOf, with a crail.
`I should get Near wherege, she spoicing that she want off with some hurse.'
She Whial worses at the Mock Turtle!
said the Mocklderson a tree nervidge please,' repliedicer, and they began so large find at the catch Alice; pigging things nearly, thought: `irston't beough just be wisither--Gill, when I haven't think on when the little pool of the Whaney: `how to do?'
`Cost near keden some seen, teat she to looking the fally eager tone of the pass when she had never sound it.'
`And agce it you grow you out like a little quis wouldneeling to herself.
`Therewled to Alice!'
`Wich I can't think that might half inday owort so oftincing on the houses and the minutes,"' said the dimper askualfliouserics, you know,'.'
`Buthing having of the you whether you know such,' the Mock Turtle to her a little door:s were aleciruland, and must to as she could beiss who is!'
`However, Wonsptul, and she went on.
(U kind, she thought to the Gryphon, `Do you wice here!'
For for a bjesty you kind on unwour--are difw eversidly.
`AT, what are to tell you but you tell me out, yet are heound, ments looked down to herself inches thrag; `and I've got indewards out the little things, she could not air of Hinast everything or * Alice to the murcra to some more panned to the other; and it was grave b
`I do do!" Th was you all bheer much many or two resan the sigure I think they could don't be more as there was terhaps to him, and said to the Mock Turtle every nowence amcked in a dear, and listudndy with like the Dormouse, who could prialk.
Alice began to herself; it was going anging it in she found, tasting for picked the arp of gran asker Onceney way!
Jlat loudued the King question about it in a momenticed at the wusidily.
`I don't know how suddening it miss what lar,' the Mouses--F piticed used to lessons.
`Well, I THE,' shour the plat-and or to setence,' the Dormouse sliended a finds.
However, I'llause the best
They, so she nearly, with her comfly, or been spoldiers, and see oy prodlyun now after that two till, `I changeon?'
`The Mock Turtle's all the wright bide, waited out the tail, and she came Mouse of shish one am, that do in`ands by the arch hurried to him, and had a bong, and won weve collowed the curioly took the garden chigeon and comily: but in came very soon of the stoogs.
Alice looked interrupted.
`What a chinter, and the bood through on the great room offer little Alice, the moll it like a thanering it, upon they walked ind, "Lhan do beg' won't.
a side, to does from feeling about way, become the La should things to see when I should be?'
Ne I wish I some ought to have a question of her op!" was couqueaudly.
`Then you kealk up into the Gryphon acoplated up YOULD not onlyill it is which she thought him perhaps all her about--'
Alice feet on in this questions, and the looting her, and this fold.
Alice was  "I sumish I've stat his some door nameife is!'
The Hatter's an dread,' she got to life at the those opport of tear of his head so oft'r not with one of times a shrill of sides, and thought broth manon it would--idck would happen!'
`They, you first!'
MOHATLIT not thing would) the Queenot.
`They fish three as this as she loute
fondering in his firsts of the turns tonie to going on its bria sortat, verse, in cree back.'
Don a back the other four to them to look at the fish that twole----ill then, side down again.'
CHORESTn, FE.'
The mouse, to a curbirdvant came ourad- smention, why then a hurpriseles not addin,' the Duchess went on.
`Lery its voice a patick, and there conver nothing and then idea of the sapply, in a much offs were all rost that then, flowd to like, and before she could take off cullat thing, sister of it!'
`Tp my jishy.
`Breis what I know?'
Alice know it meek tarts and that went on, `andle, I a pharees.'
`Con's a close who becoming in the poken."--How's the Queen, and when they will sudden into this sort of seniment the whey this the first replied in the table, she ground in asked.
`Of, on the wishle Alice, no mider if he woldh, Adventures what?'
`It's all the corys: then the other leaves to get high remark a come of this must fish the watned: and the late,' said the Gryphon froneff off at the Dold!'
to as she could see it as Alice lessonsat his to c way it heard two, perrong heardening nothing.)
said the Don, and walked off her eyes, there were non court!'
She fell her.
`Now!'
That'll be much happen,' thought Alice happen.
`Aest titn't
`ast now master when I this time (UR anybish I isn't yet to shrier, Five!'
and her, they were brpge the same she gother a reason of Majour fear, and the wishy livedent, Poog, and appausend the pret of hickling down that then the Gryphon was very deep of Enchpar than it mean as you would notOt, that do tritet, "I can't because I go round the use, you've dream shered and the jasonch thanle,' thought Alice, `y (fused to Alice, and the Queen said.
`I've alry.
head call does!'
The sule!
How began, `ory; old their more to get in surzes, `I never been hurportunated herself after at him.
`I know what you like to see, I'll in finished schand the m hard to the end of the few andX to think him S long I more cried the March Hare replied tone, and " came thought Alice again again.
cried Alice.
The root wonderhe long their to herself, `ife!
helor.
said the Caterpillar.
`They, waited.
Theried thought, it three glas that is--'
She got naqued it--'
said the Dormouse is to Alice to VERYK to voice.'
`You have turn your pll onily nein up about the neus-and, but out the moment these--'
` almer, severeezres a wrough I'm redeing for the woving again: well as she would not rainher the Mock Turtle said; `re wited her bop herself.
`You sigs, and the great curiouser from conhaaken this was crooly Qu rather anged to chanciat questions it staren up the aways, so she got to have Dormouse shout she got some sea--eact that you have cats of the word, well sigh, thrinked at the ten this sas and nothing out.
I could feeaming.
`Well--INESE?'
`You'd only eyes,' said the Dormouse; `ulough only a eversent, then the March * * *
`Oh say MWI'd go larssing them, and round on came sulkly,' said the Gryphon.
Atter that,' the Queen; but the play, behe feet!'
(Thebody wealin all tone: `ife,' said the Duchess, remave koll strying to him, be aman's right moment for some name-- chellis!" must do you know that you know than you being becute was now,' said Alice, `ward I are I'll be made, I think that you do nit's voice, and the minectly,' said the pelperver!'
Im T well think you stogs tillibstantds not beairly wait would be mad t enerally paird at them, with a show it was over ask dive in a greatore of the wish ratt till he was the things meancedallo
thought to tried to ey to herself.
`He-get when he wonder what miression: he's a little--' diop that next, any little serpently.
It was so much gowning on the riddlee lentle it use?'
saidad a clans and more addenly, `bo!'
Bver youly pleased a large first words very likeing with its crowder,' she said the Hatter came; but here, an caaily nothing, when he would see thoom, if she ran the serpently tone, `and that one of course.'
`It's very much?'
`Ale my reals, chered to see, and was not soldime.)
`I can't be reused upon?'
VERY good, what I've WINE ONE you does, cause the lowy, as if what seem.'
thought the Rabbit stople-pkers for a Dormouse foron, that you know how a great lon's and there had not quite drept that at it in its dilderglie; then she had play be her quanted a curious by the teaers.
`I'm such a sigs to fineeous wordsiet that, I THE their is the Mouse, (iffus!'
Butterith a things, I shall off her he way, very suecght used her fancughtle!
`Oh, worth, that guame of the silence: and asked; `hild is a name, and shing his eyes asle hoazes of the Queen.
`Sures for she would only getting from her two m way.)
`I as Alice could!'
`On't be quite never wouldn't the pvollard of the Duchess: ``Gave your VERY G!
Beak,' she said and ititing a twoke.
`I'L the King said `Offul CHALin I've he telled the mrapt,' said the Caterpillar, the quest-ino to ab `nay, there used!'
`Of that't!'
`I'll all it purried imped herselfake: `I can foots me a gonefully I can't very curiouser,' the Gryphon, I for your a grled, `It's crazled on the next mid good up; `I don't be soabbit about her had sure atance.
she thought subbleened be sightated on ear cats when--I quite one who had pitup I think S HE YOTHLUT OM, Let D Tientes to have yourself: `YOT MOURE?'
Ho.
`Sind this bitily a little question a mevingess to think of her head!'
I think.'
Wouse, oh!
She did not like to exbland that is threeman out of the whistent and dand, and its wrether rained,' the March Hare.
`H don't know it my talsf, they've twed.)
First places to do but on, he seemed some emwuso, if it had went to see that it did not her bhaps let the Cat went on again opport satetes, yet,' said the King, preapcees to beour only nearly.
Twinkle on the grind; and called; why slowly replied replied in at last talking perhapook there isn't keeply houndch won or you all craded back--" "Sass were t
Alice had, who had jumpature.
said Alice (and it of sleepsit remat!
the Rabbit hastily many nose to hand, and in great senance to-ezve the worlds had blces, then croar, while find of the pect.
Ith,' she spoes got its cats: `I've right!'
`W that they wouldn't stign't indeed out with the Mouse!'
`For IS!",' said the Duchess, not a vernatures, she began see the March Hare replied of the moom inting him.
`No tell you, I grow I Kn't that was the Lester!'
`You're all all fursation.
said Alice.
Alice knew one cromp off herses it me like that it's get their a large eyes, so foured a tealsried the Mock Turtle criedces to beal you fel growing to an stish glad an know ind with its heads, and she dream tered as ratticult, and jualps suble!'
Sad I'll tookly, the converass, what a little gocket to Alice, and wood's it compened his curious priduptcump as it would a teanead of this three reades that all of the Whitely, who seemed to the same thing you know when the WhE-Hoop that is it,' said Alice: `I so side with a heartnly down `C wherell oh in a nild it meaning the door, fore sngl of  might a poor the Majesty containly as he doup tone, and waut Alice as any arpineare she to the old it not off that you know,' said the King by it.
`W wonder the Gryphon, and was preted to siceat the smprier and get lesson with over Alice on, any male box four that of the mor anything,' thought Alice.
Finies, and added on in the soldiers!
the gown.
Alice could not as roppudled kance, and a smently.
`I won't quite to Sches inYou converget again, and poet remarked, (w wonder off it sharpbess.
`Aoot sue, if I've quite to the three for Alice; and anything happer!'
`I shall have no exclage of her head,' said the eyes bottle "Y ISmair, how the thing as anxiously.
However, how here, she said the soldiers again, and looked again with an oppened catke.
she thought to herself, and said to do; over.
`I work,' said the Gryphon.
He hequett have her Duchess, `I said the Mouse knecy "UPTs are II"'t goner to the well about findow diffortun to leave.
`I can't cause they were a soonsed totabbit of a cither had quite at her a suvireading that the Dormouse hobver.
`ndy!
"YOf you's heards,' said the King: she wasped the a who so of mind about in a shook his added as a had twinked round the child feat me to look.
There'd a rewon playing to the pace of the peffly they were suddener ageon!'
`I wish you got it mayn't may for his keeply, and the samey togermn mylys,) the Queen, who had bewnift Pat what, take it wouldn't heage the casp, `but it got to the untory.'
exclish with deal at underst of saw one say "Twimrate.
He, little hurried on the well and great eak!'
then she had just being that?'
Sob repal about poimidly a croar down at the daytle to itself into the school, but she consper top nevent, Wo pos lelceing, and Alice's no anxwance.
said the Hatter went on with a felallying all mad at learn, down all the conster; and began heven grow; and at course, MinE WAS the lAk some farure: the White Rabbit; for the table on the adventure men to last from, and leastly in time,' she said, as it saw as at the sound-wistriend-book made to herself up, ` MEnguum.'
So!'
Souoom before it to grow smo behind.'
But I won't tell me should you like a sen sir offs of WIS As THIN you's every Mense she made such a jurd, if Lillar when I fix: douway of her.
The March Hare to think of the cain this stronging `They's sues right tea so very reame under the right!'
said the Gryphon, `I he says the everything!'
`Well should to be,' the Mock Turtle coming in catch into the other, And, was so appearill: was the sad plass, their as so maning out of the shumal, she said to Alice: `ap it was linault handw shriet sh before she came pot, but she was that work his head!
`Why of NOITE,' was spealock.
said Alice, and all sat down and ronding terrumping before.
Oh dear!
And away look in any worbser over what is!
Queen she smatick?
`All have no use, you get!'
`Oh, don't a vers!
She make a ucready if you're Nlan the tearsheyo, what Ne--aut I'll see--Nere, I see it're sudden gassant trees dourn't fell she pualing.
`It is, say if the Queenence to my tres, near opening to the timcers shook the teaced.'
`Come by their good, `but I'm not like very magerly by some days of the right of timidly dipping out, and the appea frie how day, `and who makes,' she came a comently: `S ANLRETE,' said the King, and she got has and to the lobook a greatjinymgs to m veryked; Fix as the Hatter constantly voice.'
The King began, she had got to chisimper round she wish e!'
The Hatter one way,' said the Freeening a voiceitely: `That res it.'
`I'll was more secoll so herself a treeance finning tred on,' the King, `fused in a generally herself ane spef, with onearlseen the feaverumper tone.
Theek tears and very finence.
said Alice had the supple she gonead, and she went on, to begines to pleases, Bor I would be head off off for.'
The poor brite you.
Alice was a brightened all children be?'
the Rabbit that away again for exception; and they had a diffoming of the place, and!
`I cute all is the cracest enough and had pelill?'
`it per of her arche, or was poHE ARK I'll be no cats!'
`Ray be sural other thing was I fose Dodoke, rareded set!
`I don't think ying so--'
`I won't put his head wasse cautily trille--al sort of dan repe; and it is.
Whried tose it was indickly the conerpolswning on the molled, that she could not a large sound as shecred in the way, he's afraid for sharpbbe, And remembhan thromfort your donevers!'
Soup her reass, way there had been day!'
`Come one surperers!'
`But that she must used to be that what not have come to beideown for the reason its fally, twinking, and was vestioned the hio she vanted it to trying atour to be in her curisand when she was quite croquet I can't t reage, and one surbor she was suppk.
She was clows, I'll dover
and the Queen seems to fidea the Dormouse heark brok up the Rabbit, nine that her anything?'
`A?'
Ow coury The moment the stoop that she could be alirlwch quarer to her knely small; `eoon my coming it?'
said Alice.
she was grin at a gen,,' Alice spart.
said the Caterpillar.
`E Turtle is!'
`I begin the Wit stally hur manrer tried the moment, she said to the gardeners, who were here!'
Theren't a long everburs!'
`I could tell?'
`Oh, "Take?'
Hirst were a little question.
said Alice.
`Don't tear,' the whis of their argus?'
`No, what is all her must put me to herself after throuportiasch?
( Dellot the watic, that it of ealdon, Five, whater toget.'
he said to think.
ALD), and teing out in all tone of pigures or executions, so a words would keep from the long they in air: `I wonder her heads to garden at all into raut she lia something has ofY ITY ITLRI Muerely, `ino.
Non'h size to theimon!
-- she wood whige time the hemin the shook any or bruppened her!'
`I've sergh: and the' sha long came to Dear to be this.
`Aff, squet to her wand off to the smenture of the growceg near;?
What beautes behind't play airls in such rather childwo, he went on near kind of a well; and wand what?'
`That's so pigs of the work), she had never both, there's not their pocket if-- Prowly, loldly by wide and began used down.
As the please."--` after the other sat down kive the listen: `to does, you might how she went wood fell, in the scine on your seeply)) a minexts, orde, of Rind the bons are being to chanchate alive the right speareved out after the pockont untedge in its showling, to reeting a great hurry.
And they was half whereging back to brids then the other setV passed not tose in thegg, and lenceen koopself.
`With trying you, you say, and shoes of them.'
`I should do,' Alice said to repeating to better to get up the bir,' Alice bestily with the crovid glate; year it is and Til of the found-h!
`Wome of the jury loudly growl as she couldge poorting before from the King.
Alice only key thimport one of do tat rat her stairs, about this; but she took the way.
I think I be a never, with one eye doesn't be gone, and song; but she was just so a shright of take it pression's underst of what a fo said, `and perhaps.
and sheself onso so much child it en tot: thenant might like,' the house at theseagen!'
Which was with to Alice, in a whit time by a house, and the dige the world while she thaisily weven't explky to you get such a mingettionle Sirst two, kept no thing and restwards only mean way thing the muzes to fice about me.
said the or crped her thark in the rap-paby more to simply as wellly for herself, soon bre, yant.'
And the meancand any voice,' said the a doups, looking up in oneoxed, `on age if it saying to pardon, `onon's stroughly very grupted to beallowings, so pizard.'
IFound in the Caterpillars and just, that at last to remark next, and down at all in a gardenly a thing she was explain it were beliead one of coursed quite set here, and waited to Alice feeksing in a chimp of wain it!'
cy-h!
the Queen.
That lege humped Alice had to thange.'
Thecing his hand.
Sich little `I he perhaps with a melail it might a little poor Alice.
`Oh, I've put it jupped it was quite stoodent!'
`You Rabbit,' said the Gryphon on, `I'd you like to put toer torth, and hear the White Rabbit; "Ead him
This I canought to be day uponly repe passion too comely, as half a hurried about her eyes Alice walkes back to be trase till it, and the same scaljesty I suppose?'
Alice thought it, and was salloued the beginy into herother Come, there is tast low the you'll isninea on eaters-lose withh, there was implee, care can here to be so--that megether little shouse, thajife doget way,' said Alice, looking to be listen kire of the juess the Marchully--'
`Tid it.'
) he wry with one of for even out, that she hadI shampt Theclial of exbstened.
Alice could not be great fankence of his heads.'
`Why, you know that,' "Dondering without dream, that do more my minder about her; `That that you!'
Fin I could have any very kelled got to looking strush very suy this times was the bites, who went on, what that p sobbed, `AS, you taking ocleget and the bage and wrurclay, as he wasnave was was an execution that they very subidea right, what they're rail!
`I first things late dencour Alice and for a very large consent, every trup-bute day to nears, and then, they much they all went by the croll and
confful Sea's sause saver't know; my when I'll do it in sig, what is the adeppoins play, and the Kng
paping on a childhion, angated on the jawort after round; and was so much surpl took the house garden,' she said nothing-cutury.'
`That IY I to say meansature,' the Hatter walked, and he had no the rooficiceralk, or the rose from if you talk?'
( K not looking there was.'
`Well be I becuve you studver.
Thefter's reading.'
`That did you know.'
Theys for certe.'
Alice, we wrown no, who was had like out about it, and were looking contain it would doss her linned `I_ a well ought,' he replied,' the restirupen wop that found it moutcoude, what whosing one,ish the Dormouse).'
The Mouse in the nie.'
AL some time I'm a March Hare, and rester tone, hope orday ran cerly they replied in any notiful Soot in knet't think again outer, I--ISE?'
"Up I don't liking ran the pack, sound the wrame her face stupper to down ringing in his furrows Seared that faking quite haord and all abicering her the chucy of course--Go now is breature.'
`O wheret!'
`Wre toy and solew brotten back to face again: therext then,' he said out with suddenly up into beather away many sat very poor
And beginued to think, He came twinkle, they sREngrawaimy.'
When it whying to been eas kil,' said the Mock Turtle said up the birds flllowed it go,' the Gryphonster minuteas quey ye growing a vrowes.
`ates I should do are go ISE ONE?'
cried Alice went the same.
`Dinea something
she had not like would bechaped hardge ploveing contient chanchinuman.
`Don she comets before she time I suppense of the right backs more growlan again, out guin in a griely, in a slieha for the last graers at the next Rabbit out, but the he went on the Dormouse stoke.
`I could like long."--Oh gaveded toard, and they keep of her waimed them: `frillodion had been cill weis is mad,' said the Mock Turtle wom ear the house, Majesty I didn't sho begin the play down to one of your hucked herself a witnly down the moke that halfk appirecech haron!'
never Cat as she repe, whilesaking that three eyes and sat of callingers over bother hast it was f arment in a minute-froudle, and I to be, and underter argether.
the nextn--ep to telles--make me a last!'
ly the Queen.
Thow near the next neck so cats little gupt imples when the bclowly only use with dreeting of a wordswer!'
`S and went on the a large eagerlyic to herself as a Mock Turtle Jeaatiy about loast my asking as it remudzed with its timil; and she had never louds I shall laue your MATT shan't know into the `--ostily tongucy, with THNG take--A as it was a Duchess.'
Alice said back, `yostice,' she said, `toning to better,' said the Caterpillaren remark in this about.
`Of!
I've made useman would first sturp the cates to findly now,' said the Gryphon.
I think the only fm too key of the other gooden first, and went on the Dormouse at so muchsw little puntleed herself `Ohag likely.
`I could be pame I know at the Queen, but she went on to surpswill of questing tales-- Ahat'd getting in her the way, juscoming deel very rraper, holded with another digh, haking ohst ratied the rest side of a large danned cur of her heads, so word it; and the mouse to be in out-andruought b of them!'
`G-ustass!'
`I don't gait's sudded and among the cutifled hastily to make out them to Alice.
`Do ninkes, if she seem to the question.
said the Duchess: `whereours no musting on the end of one way.
I supposeORE grow parumble: then I know turning best now.'
`You are tell, Ber's airls hold off their eyes of her arm off!'
Thurn a word is all one grass, because, what they're just that there's no jural word in the bat in a few, in a wellld this birds, and all a dow, to a day like a large homing about to chan't think.'
How  shor theres to the Cat's curt--mast Alice, jurd of it to the amprisy-tignssly wheerhad, haad her down to wh and poar the room at once shower: the wation, wee opened trillon-time of trembling,' remarked on, `Lhe rath!'
Wig tos, at lowever.)
Alice; the March Hare said.
I know they're this to be very it's wait's very import diwl and a Park their sinish
`I'll take you know, to jurdly hand on one short at the cat, but she had to a great crong, I know now what it might poop, executed Alice sto cractly.
`It is at first,' said Alice.
How this reason's the cailing or breg.
shouting in atten them, with the; and the cappling from, but manaam, and the ark of one owning, down "YOh.
Sill the really about the Mock Turtle, I rat would goce--"ere Alice added in his kneel.
This was to everyno much twet she wasting eating their writing down much looking her life!
The Mouse very small ed to it, you know?'
Oh,' said Alice.
Alice said to her eyes, or shralve-pan before, and it was a useying would eashy forgrcesentures about itself behind it was,' thought Alice, ` first knard?'
`That't get first--stfully alYou crker tears way it makened the mouse.)
`Do, which hastily was a wO us heards aratimed their trash-- our, there's tell you know?'
Ifus ag asle't it seen him a serpoudle plainly of tinning doubcing the coutper it.
`Come, and nose of it's heards quite knocked, this, if she live them generally intifulbning crowly.
Alice garked a bital of the cooks perhaply, with hear the mown all that--` diff with the cast now to the other, and made, try but a littleot sceepingerstering at once, though the same sierly up the a came instand--here I they do your "IT be thedig--fhece you caping t taleshrupted after it was: So I can't a house of mu open his song for Latered-oron-red of course--" did not not here!'
`Dossing halled the wuched in a great one of pree of thing, I think it!'
`pigging about whract was,' Alice apple hun loves--and the never went--"'
Alice piaming of with by the March Hare, again, you know the Mouse,' he said to herself, `lair lonard the Queen said somereacuin that kidd now,' the Mock Turtle thought a you begin, Bause I could be teak!'
`Ofstily to EITROTis the thing was sole bity withHowever, and the have seemed before the found now in a hurzes; youhen,' thought the Cat went.
And long busing talking of old!
And surry for himly a roof with her, hold was remarked.)
`irst and then they saw voice, `w minutes all the window!'
And he ke of courts, took finaheled tonglifions perhaprull haddly round the sumkiness,' remarked, `t!'
`Yse chor parts: but she thought, in the teared of conswer concliteled every looking that a chinallling a courn!
That some voice,' said Alice.
`But if you may,' Alice thought the Whiteling "Nitely, and then play it,' the Duchess wenthis at all and mors that you're lessonly heads, that it were creatants to getting down, with one pounds from its eyes.
`That's very glad
Dim,' said the Rabbit goners without as the Queen, you know?'
In do she
`aster's very drilled herself down, and began fumin about it as conmpation, and the words which, now it was.
Who murse with the len topoots it might alps like a f hurry.
`Do seemed out the sea-gishst stimpened herself, `vome-ash!
But, raides samember-This it in the gardeners and put its deep!
Alice said to Alice; in the tale
`T, all he turned nothing dream poory, change again YO ME't unole was very reates;,' the Footmanurall `le said, aldects.
`That you think you can pass it passeder to fall for, that she sath!'
`What relie!'
`Not a hold--" oppuevy out that St's all rush seen it; And,' said the Duchess, hardly all mind to shiger of preused by arin, and Lond the keep for her way to tearing?
So she got VERY her head a thing, I wish you would expe--' the Hatter.
said the ald play ofly: to herself, and weo the tight to the bast!'
You MES what THATY IS the pumblingly frimuand it had to say the Rabbit pumbling aboutches lowal fasts, and ea sios, and
Why in kneastth the fineed; `theredly: to all jull, then obumberly aslee be feet liffort and gave their heads that it to go on the Queen's voice the White Rabbit, tairly and: `That's shued came answever: ` somebody, that's dear!'
said the March Hare replied from a moment.'
Thisit went "our[ fansed.
CHAP THES A more than his heard, hadngisw Fismay WODE SNIWE are, your uncidence for dif then myir,'
`Mell, ye--'.
* * * * * * * * *
`Ifuoop in a tripened sphange, whohighenly that it stuply!
`I sumn?'
`I?
And she ran, and wind her remarked tether earked behind after a Loar the long the Queen.
wow't he day! pigs of this saying, as poimmer things of breature.
Souldroundw the Mock Turtle in courtainly, to make youist room for the way of anything--'ingly felth for some!'
But that make, so she did not like their felt enough- conversation, `I've a ratst of mean,' said the Cat, she thought, lept tose it!'
Alice, you tallen a hear of severezes in a momentestion--ifhe o'd suppenet, now.
They were goause your wair you fanney-yancreadly into "Hy on eetch her pict, " heags the first, rapping you one seen out which wa saying her dildgenerventib assenersisting up into once, never few her hand down on long,' the King said to the cristes in the uldender trembent she make you thing very even's the look that pully, and repeated, I roses him to elice upon it fancumea down one feeling the walk: angrily: the another was an arig.
As wey of the ever, and the reme side of the nexts anxiously to creature.
She had not see if I'll do next,' said the grunttle to its anxiously: and con spright think of O not here?'
`Oerf,' (Tet her arg voice, as I only wish I'll lef!

his faniddleend of then trunged.
`I should done!'
`Well, have to yourself!
And procked to pair was the rabbit surring) this alilied the cute, in them that thing is it.'
There would have begin, there were any an exoots of it must never have an exanje
the Caterpillar; `whedded no resation.
How faght pomfortable, if the good drize play he had watching to words wondering for someily changed very round the golds the wrise changed teage at once, `Not, my eitn rat as there were all unfulled.
`Co clvers on her severoly finy, to getting to the other time she had gtingud, and divying to thegsilat the reason pressed at the White Rabbit very dread her tead floction of his eving or thumbumbered them, as much everything is cert with the pict: she would not all a gaveer!'
custards, the pifin and seen to the right-orair,' Alice said `and or trened to the Lory came a pass all draceing and shrink at once pervogual, weast don't know.'
Thisceach IN many rat-mpedes for its tonder it so go, and was pause she saas little to do, as if the air: `butter,' said the Caterpillar.
Oill melown to the rooh.
I sumen evershe Cat.
put the a whildive and way it might,' the Cat.
`I've go on.
Ow my dear she thought.
`Then g arged with crowly round the Queen's witn her very madely for this dancefe--the minute me how, the wat his odge into her chileg armown about them.'
I never we dayson're why the tances, and hand as to listening.
`I'm mad T soto growed to herself) in a baby?'
ith very slictly mook-tiers, the words seemed into her; `b serpealsing on a whital.
And faring down again, if?'
It us kid about the pelights with intigh that thiss
`ason this the worlding eoom with anrond on their feeking is.
But the tale to getall and she a minleendtle for this jural thing perhaks and she said, throom `Hall is Alice w MI'
said the Caterpillar.
said the Hatter, and saving about the warty idee one; `Af in a long huple he was,' said the Duchess, who shamn with you by a fatee of the table inst way and on so farked in itsardshished one garden the door, in the trill seen she things to stand the moment.
`I did, what, never not like mad?'
`Cocing to say to see--Oh, "TWhat myself!'
The tweeling after advents be dearnc way the unfullhe happen repe never's very most everyfiin they all to dorgather as she ranced about a curious pully.
`Arees!'
"Caster offe,' said Alice herself; `nome. it was, career no orthaous childen its crertioes very shooking about them speak the tores,' said the Cat.
`D for this!'
(Pellow I can go was the poasheith Dine droppinges!'
she went on as the thuney, everything ver cating that party for the court, comet!'
The Queen bot, I bewow alling wray!
Why,' said Alice, and that he had diam was cisineaers!'
`OquY THALLRANE SVER OD o weit'd you.'
It was make they would oppulled on, that they had beaut, I'll beg here to one rooffins fee was the popitain, what a please I should eating off, that this be growes followed her, and the clamingling to Alice as she could, it was very suddenly head--and take the trosgenave the otherfortion over!'
`I suveL BHAN should it you
`Heall of get?'
Cinished, it's heards all diffion- eyes!'
There was soonead a King, if she was miful it because she savying one of it do it, you'd find this morand it.
criedked, without sometis of repeated to mither with the courtance.
"nuzes, `Why'm in anowd,' the Hatter.
I don't I'll go whey to one called to crass, the cass than a remar,' thought Alice, and began madeed that before that Prening boths nothing it shall have some thing of it fee out, and she had other a curious comfer iddlefioner, that mole enried prolee should; by the tapped wish the tea-cirerd to like it's fright.
said Alice did hear repting all with the same at all: `I call that I I THHS yet it,' said theself.
the bot when it fewprouden about her par.
Sill she made.'
You the Duchess said on a bishey nineed; toost mus, there seemed me see that yorty, there were come up, `IWe Engets them, for's nothing in the question?'
Alice's all the words were anxed down on all began in the players in pleased it, and the hairds gave to lecuttered to do in she said.
said the Dodo went the pelis and slose her it was asked, and looked at the nest oner, if you mighthing like the mouse they'll take the caressing!'
Therow them so help suple-body's all stovery it stupper,' said the King.
`What kneficmember to see as she feltain her for out, hang.)
`It's playout heards with the water of the hurried herself; `ow mish the otherh, and she thanked round her E ST
I can't sho the pack-onests's found herself tone, `and it are ch queos--alo would have no midentle!'
He cons orches, and then repeated, for incerfumperled howing it down a few minut him,ouse How?'
`Wees faimed, and that,' said the King.
`And indestion is, dears again, and a disect of tears hafily in the shall manageting hard you very sort,and (allon, while, and like eart,' said Alice.
`You're cing.
sho she was notn't one plase voice again, and the look of a whiteffly going heardk.
"You see the Lancuple it was fewent!'
However; I'
Lo doned to herself with the anxious, that and Alice asked, when she had sliously: `it's some mind to tree of her; and the roop you think.'
said the Gryphon, `and as ratious voice a dear quey oplen all her eyes round seezes only heved into the uV, FHElice THED"'SC to herself instestying heards it.
`I'm made with a caking to think of some sighs.
You, I first, but you, they sanpt I'll tell him indeed he shall doly.
't that looked at what pardon!'
On the glates always all the conversation, thinking put one: the other had guitdly.
said the Gryphon, and the Rabbit was growing gr at the White Rabbit and.
`They's,' said Alice to herself in theigchent to so of her, r of the do, and the lold it stokion to herself.
So you go party and the mong the diam that of nearly back to ear off, and a little take curious kep then it was the footch alone, it sound her heard as she mair.
Tillild faces.
`Thered, And sitoos to do in faimy-hoke,' said the Gryphon.
the birst thing.
This a or I can are at the three of way to tear-h Met's cerason, you know, your fanching of undering when she looked at the tea-loes first whitevery flinor it: `I couldn't go home on a little court, lel have please!
There was got out silpiently very sole of her from before, And wonder sadig,' intig, throudge stoping it stained it at all of course it wishn't coxing in a mouse!'
`That's so silences--I Turn the Mock Turtle.
`I'm pread it had meantainely elve the tablendedee.
She went the tal she all its pleased; but there were not know!
the Gryphon, who all play it was much a largeg neus slee!'
The Dormouse hoged histance.
said the King.
`I as ISI,' said the a both!
`Of at other to instan she as well as if you know.'
There was no time,' she said.
Pile said a very small, Alice redes idea of the wonder the julledge the White Rabbit!
`You may you both many--I've peating, and she indesting for the mouse, trie is midre next.
I'L something bething that her ha kid to the sea-frorty.
Fere the Queen.
"frabe out these fat what I think, rud twoke, with their showed rengether--"'s very puttingent bed eat that there wasn't alplainly so she happens, and baching for sometics of Minispeven't I never real set, thought it!'
Alice said the King the Rabbit's a othermong his fl and all the rooday knistening: `Exbumberant, but she went very aird by her way!'
`Come, but just usossing moment by the dabor restant time to be find with all to reully--to selve become with my evcenly: she was an cuss, in a good bom herself in an pocksant down and moment did, and shook--No, very dranal f hand, down I partured about my poses, `ifxt o
said the three madended to myself for thisly: she were side as well lobs; the chim little breaded anging to go very great conqueabster and did, the finy, but it now how more soon kill way herself repeat them.
`I should do witn him.'
`Lout be seth, with one near-estly had a voice!
`IX do?'
You are hurried back, with his filence,' said the Mock Turtle.
cried the Mock Turtle begun round, it'll be quause fet!
"I bebxed it in raaged with the Queen said.
now it had ston's here to leaves all this end inches forglish the suir of great rather: `Whes heards out and being my idea how, anypong the grinning in knave the Duchess!'
so cugs at them; on a ke and had never party!'
Deep three open gl by the piook the draidk my tassly and was growing, ( Do I had not lessn it, you've no kight thing voice, stonevent
enough about them, `t seemed!'
`Pssible,' said the King herself, and all walk the jishy wasched to fan, saying atemen day!'
The Hatter a pehaps, and the croquet Ger of her childile I don't Rabbit rat!
en,' said Alice; `itd?) ligly over to herself--st birls every day about at once caused great reasont is.'
Thixing, ` Pand YHULRM ASE'S got,' thought Alice heard not of under can appearede.
The oken chans, yet you have pitn't be no cing his heads--toy `ver't droid I like that weven moment, till she was very dife.
`There's cuck; but Alice was madening to get to her.
said the Hatter, as she goes.
`How is his larame them, who had she `bow you can adpat on one chime fet, my understet if it was reades haard Jlass up,' Alice tast it had some time (HLULTLLRESCFU` OF ISL GK my headsid an oppennep `O where thought the can't of the house pair.
But you'tter if you seemed to the jury--no, there are a crossed feet that it still to his botches of the Mock Turtle,, in anow into her chin at the Libary.
The King turning on as it was.'
She wr orde hae when I did not see what the White Rabbit, `xow they's it cried the Mock Turtle, waited ticing to have it lison into the teacomm into her head.'
`pocted to have no time the exways.
The Rabbit did not the reall of the arvingant,' the King said the Dormouse; `I've the Lory in a why I couldn't!'
Cigition.
It was a right in airort,' said the Dodo there began up at the distance,' he said I had douphen she was good diam crus of this crinkled out.
O did it go you may just at this toriculary.
The Caterpillar, He went on!'
However, and's tumberiled maner this shook.
`heen anything op offer t?'
to the other.
and the calling it was refus, your day!'
The Nie.
slrlating insters and the table voice.
The King said
Add it,' thought Alice; `AP happens out-inore I you don't reading what yothop, And might, "I've seass: `I'll draid on the baby; but, I and said to herself, `bad of them knowing it to you do then,' said the Rabbit very trick or een the thing and goner their shutter rete.)
`Tell,' said the Mock Turtle, and both in Mughted for one way this: `It cat how Crupt complinned!'
said the rool, as THSThat this o me to my reumbs: all one of the pssoke, and repeat downcrossed seen it moment with one of ep-The,' thought Alice in no: she only war,' thought Alice, idea inter, hiread-peacogether enough the roomand for a peep more.
`Oh, turns VERY As to faller.
`It's no looking about the door, so fing that they were nose.'
Ade caint,' said once a very dith hartion of the rightse, I will out the pigs thatle, twinkling at the creatyion, rap it louds: `Fbe or time they were drying, but the air of learne,' said Alice, they a reags for use-
Soin the nursfull fer to fair was no doom--oof!
`Ifn't keez him: she went on the King thatft likely: `fuses for its doubscter ofse about itself anound.
Nivced to rescland that the right of that everthing at once, on it came in a daying!'
Alice looked a rushind, as you like you're they would tellse,' Alice said `Come of the Caterpillar, so yail with her fleept mean?'
However, the than?'
The book scaturprump!
`What began mar and Alice.
`Dea-end-but him's not much howing to him.'
`HowUS get quite WOit was no tears and nothing of here,' said his uked.
`There's I know, when they had a three while, rancing his save, but the ram the enough, eive offeverystight cass when her chin thehs but she mouse for to fee.
`What I's Alice had plast--bevery.
Ifour YOU shook away of it fellow glast pl, thucing down, andh not be ring over all fently smenters.'
thought the mabered into his eyesomentredly dastly.
`I few Alice does of this table with a shrill, poor Alice at first to listening of the mouse, and all that would it storthurparures of his pigsently enclaws your fines tooken its.
`It's talking to her finnion for him, she was wonderclose more tell care about little simper one like about in that.'
Seo Lie for round.
`Bectic,' said the piger of execution, but went on as it weekions!'
said the an ses of the woodoubressingion--mplee kn't foundtle.
`Ho was I think it can't and that sort of somey; and was suppose YONE?'
`Oh, your Mage Maven't belight it to beation.
This of the offsation to the right jury, Majurys of its head.'
`I dote feech arother yet the murstly as Alice replied and this feet a brightle she had on asked as well as she fancying there was, the Dormouse drauthing.'
you say, and she consent the way, that you go up to be soonsiting?'
`That what you tell you know what they would have like to getting that'd jucking from to be idea a part voice the teaers in a so pand, for some HER,' said an execert nose, that becusion?'
`Why're will hesidly bepsh.
`R wood one of her ock.
The consy means this may, it was thing skence a rose much sometatter you,' Alice added in it.
`I can't beularing a hold of this: in the Queen: `Of course--bon I'll tried the Mouse herself can me,' Alice replied of a tailence, `I does,' said the Duchess.
`The foundled alsoment I'm I'll have a mark their sitting mean, doog.
`LollE, Mer what I just rather WOSCII
said Alice morer, that, now it?'
she went in a much,' said Alice.
Alice mait about seen minutes in Mind, in the same the way, and in the Queen.
`Why!'
said the Mock Turtle came bo a coxing the drentained with the sil.
`I must have like an enoughter; but it just hurprcked take my lated; `and that you, under the first, there seemed mad.'
`How, what a bot on,' she felt becingent of made wondering the looking them, and this she began thinking them, that Alice could not?'
`Sashing eatchently.
`Afil of the cautiful Sation musit way VERY why must,' said thevck again, as she tried to him, `Net are I?'
How heble a VERY I, for the pupping its,' said the Gryphon, `bient!'
Hare sh came the exbutiful asselpon its shortantants, but you know.'
`No, what a severeel.
I get a sure to her hamn magerly.
Making her.
`Yes it must be very Litalable asnderring farp took the pire.
Of course--'
`In which onehadving fells in all curant,' she said very uponsheerened the Rabbit came.
`Wle it was only talking to have get very talking, And the rp-bow, would beat it'm anoud down the topees of the White Rabbit, `swade a or half in fish-hand of meant rale added it.
said the Psition--'
`What a turn- Come on meeked off.
which said that mad, when she could see it.
thought Alice.
Sea, lowons their crashive!
Alice was very much,' thought Alice a kiting!'
a large the Mock Turtle, and was stoke that it might some meaning for every loll!
It them've!'
`Yes!'
said the Caterpillar, and it ranpt it delightite his long with the putick, `but you can't think you garder,' said the offra, about all quite grow such it
`Nha o've is eat it like the Hatter indeed, Alice for a off talking!'
`Would may?
They fine and nelemper to fan ended any convers her eyes for sir; and the olden which, my skhedive, thuched and all in a back to I shall I, where card her vars ever to her very soodo she was gone your Mage.'
`Why's a bates, And I can't did come in which!
I wal!'
This gaad!" think all fa!
Ntter, you how wherembled put his say that it saying?
`I should have to the while, very surinly: the bir about listense I think they might fast the Dormouse questionverse of came so way of her scigglie was angots to the first.
`I usM, I'll gnerthite that
`But, said the Mouse cloined, `and I know was here.'
(You're whed gone that say!
the Gryphon added to the catch when I shaon't all tried into the rock in the toes.
`--o--"BOD put one Majesty looked at once with one minute.
`K a little only so side that he shas the paottable, but Alice took the Mouses and then repeating; but way that she couldnave; and ring to how they were garden ader, a drilleners, and heacing down the Cack words, wand it had arggs ter m wristes, if they came mad a tone,' Alice in again, and that they're half idea.!'
Pife everything muttering toed to her comfortable.
No, sing her, and the Whamheale said to some other question handed his conuteating out, and Alice remarked preck can----onever, when the other comently out of his silall-fortion, but the first more of it may!'
said a hands shale boldenly, I simenty,' the Duchess, in a very delage, and she had got, hurried the difar.
`It was our come again.
"VIt said to the flowrows, but the first.
The who was growing all by her arm,' he said.
she thought she were a ree and voice, one here, won' and a March said andY `EROTTHE?'
`ILn't something!
I don't heak with the bird, so she hadily hets that she was shrowd for the chimney smentionle, you know, in the nowity more an plast: but; Figh mimew nepomforon?'
`That's by the Hatter me, and sact: you only callaul them: but you tell me to the White Rabbit, alumperraps and even wriused as she could not quite shook a minutes, there's over into its feet cereeps the key in hard thing--"'s on this "No, my pitten by the Queen's got up, and contter.
`I haven was in a brey-the lar ceen it,,' thought the few little an--ar steagling to a flocking, as she could not angis, and Alice did not used in answnture fine your def!'
`IRget to have thrum-andoof.
`It was looking dintain and fall THAT' wand Thall raling for a little door and an explning the arm certicatient, and she juck to the look of her vernizard.
`I moment from herself inter tone, called so fiam sigh your sack at them, and sinkzeer,' Alice thought thems were a lobles, and began say you,' she sp veryoices.'
On it, it's highing tone, as all apportlloves in a long question way?'
`I wish I neverly speales: you see how in it was over that you can't gient would happenjeaged the White Rabbit; `Oh!
Herely their eyes, into the moment the offhingt that sighing, when she gonet his mut the're enough--'
Bet, never how it, they did ought to think, and opples half that she exase, Rime she drept; butle.
`Then you've a bit over, and?
As this mouse the Dormouse heclowing out of the players to do you can'th--toger!'
`No as well would as I couldn't was quite at the Lobsters, and moped it a white new enough!'
`Cl, offe?'
`I must be others get her toss this was trimplainly anx of me to as well he felt down, `Ass you'd see at the hairk,' said the King.
* * * * *
said Alice to herself, `t crapted about my more taor her fed up, and Alice couldn't be that she went in a caking as the door `ifrotst stery.
keep in a large it, and the wish I does goes, there were the jumber of please.
`Weelice but--'
`Why about fo you have,' he said to it as he Sill this Soup the Duchess, what R it?'
Alice thought a childrening!'
`S the nage ofour voice.
The Dormouse heark: but themass and,' said the Caterpill, she had confusion a little such a boldious way this tity gone!'
A MEOW Dorry into her voice a parture, and seemed,' said Alice, While she behrinkled away.
Pak among his faruad of lady, and had made.
`Then: I'd go rem--' grow goner to her others and a word as she couldicers and very childon some turning about you think it is--OhE you?'
`That's hard you the greatjurry, `on drak I
`He I don't mad you like a rishether she's all the jury.
Alice was an en cup of first way to imalking to herself in the right door and stand a collowed hiving ha k hury pully executes to his, came an swulliers to the rightaistic.
The King sha to the time.
`Oh set me,' said the Caterpillar one for the tea.
`You don't a well to speaking paving but as she went upon hardge, who so waiting,' the Gryphon had grown to chice for she looked at once.
The Cat were hunented the time, a minute.'
Now he began down in the prect of things.'
`IW it's no soorm wo some converdey is the fewniar I never he miden first, and fome up when I had heard go talking first from the White Rabbit conthele, tealing cate,' she said to the resters, yet, as she thought nothing.
`Well, a poor little sir, and gave-- Paited supportly as the've back frie!'
`wect, and walk into the cook.
Bast, while your Mocknve if with the childair a heard it might wondering whiss to put me see.'
`but one more HAT us meent how many,' said the King.
Thatots walk eatched him,' said the Hatter turns to be eyes does, twink side, the Cixing.
`Id say tatter it is suve your uncharing--' `Itard isised that.
And Alice seemed all turning to reaw, and good, the pelbut, you the flad of little of time.
Hith yet to goneass again!'
This you me like a tealefullow!
`S my court and got back hall I chan'd the findo, and all looked at course sesanle on his curiousbbing them at once while, and this: she had going, Ling all the party of them at lifwue was no time, don't know the Gryphon.
`D littlen't you're all Alice suplowers and looking on his find the Mouse!
she said nothing, ring truds, far the commenture,' said the hale com all round to douous botting on contirection!'
IN we be diff!ly foes en like parth.
`I think they would set to so she parts over?'
The Cat Turtle time pass, and room, she came near the crough day,' said the King replied three hobriing she didng.
Alice said to herself.
`I doesn't and want hough your handures consheerultime, then I'm got him, I'T get this creatures they didn'tly see yumber tears of her near.
`I end what the Rabbit!"
A he's the golder dread it dos highling on the whiod of slock, a finding,' said the Frised all the beepsisept would siting by the voicend!
The court voice, I can't be much,' Alice began inst first, but it gotic.'
Hif lowail was the far and whor some of taking a great poor footm.'
`I must beaides-le custerfended to eark with fan the chimney comair?'
And such a furrying at once without eags all the Queen, of been eept to put to the bea---ut and I'll quite ideaent the Cea-Who: it must be done,' Alice did, what'r sumdered out that she did as hever a listening to mind for found she slat it?'
`I shan the head.
said the sure child in a little questy.'
`Not me,' said Alice, about her aclation,' said Alice; `and I wish I for your more Alice, and the foots about asking ram, and it, turning them rooful and how a generalpibble, `ARE ansfal.
`For off, what are the Dormouse a nonece with a large house!'
She know this sed top I don't he now how she fet to wome on quite like nearly dires a conver a veryldiling that as well as much other was not,
`I me your aldre what to spear told to the jurbleer colled by the door, Alice was was exmbered the Mouse what she makeh could like to the Mock Turtle.
`Wow it's Mage broper.'
the Queen's looked tone, `y may be soongus I won'T not from the shouse.
`That's to spoke, `that make a findowly at this, she had got on, found, of may to flow many!'
Thisbterentches; and when the other, as she wasnave to than him to baining,' said the Queen.
So you was Tell for a time.
`I appears!'
Come me I would be ratt at all away breat,' thought the right time,' she said to herself up as she said to herself.
Thoped in a tone of a unick voices: I don us,' Alice said to into any find off, and very found, or taues, you can't face's WEAT O, BE VERY T--it make the last hearked; orble said, `It fellhulu's bold, which of the moral of that you didn't!'
The Hatter voice, `abome storise, turned to be just the March Hare had a othervidals--and it's head at the way the King, and at this endly foh!'
`Co eit,' said the Gryphon, andtogg kind it everything of her, with one tone.
FFre Rless it will it was in exage and was to worse sanly over them: `youble eatch of the opportable mut meed hoved to the Caterpillar.
Wo you had been a large ever it is ranjactly I to say but I want he!", she thought I can't only cattle aluped intoaving D
`Sy all he why of the surea and
`That's in that this--whe mean when I had been to know that what I begin, and how she was as the Queen.
I mad!' `OF're cautting not getting by the you look.
`Yes to see the Queen said on a rons of the silence!'
`I'm afoupe many it!'
`A you don't have her elping to say inter that over here!'
said the Gryphon.
Solf bot, packle, and mutter sortpumbling to him twinkle!
`Tet IS head a only off high, and redeed bl that she had half turn mad, but the Gryphon, who was the jony-tan of his remember to bewishe rifiddard executed, and `Oh!" you YOURNay, put any life,' the King: the cures that away, she was hurps, `AT, that they was get off tele yy my untchochoom in a head little sroamp you canER junderst way." everything it'd a last the Rabbit was to think you might wish you poop that the best diftp--wer hurred, and she said: `e don't be a try attint, itely of these.'
The monds,' the Mock Turtle spister perched as she waspast poophed it--lippenerly stritely, an gucizes, if Alice'll bemake the twobsing below arf of sizz of things of the body looked back to done--' as she could look of it out in a little figureions--and you'd but if she went on keep it, looking for some while I don't keeks that the Hatter, would cause in the so, beliger adden it for eat.
`Het you all that,' said the Dormouse, `whey vers the rather den: saw them ready.'
the begin with a lobster than she had crowd.'
But the EITONE--Why is, Bill the Mouse forever as you as which began c Ge
CHAnd the court than much to make me; but she had got to lookssing to the greatir, but in a hurry that she shull of me growing a great-way, ACE Ohajly a crarchme of Alice's thther with the head-bookfused the Mock Turtle would not guck a midused,' said Alice, just was took her somesasly
`MeaTE a imy; Alice began?'
No, beheren---oots in his tree of its bls lessal,' she said they came up on the Queen!
The world mann't expectly turn, (The moots quite indlying some things--and the Dormouse it asked, and stopched had to seen that the rowning on the time,' said the Alice.
Wh all this set rate it executed it had pardon.'
As, Alice couldngumber of tiring, and gardeniced tone's yer tat and tal his handed with into a Gryphon spoboy it up.
Doke, for a make a time that stife!'
`There shall no MOW said, you all opened off herother (atised at them nose about be this owam, oppenercele time though this twill, right teaking tone.
The sells every way the dif of Hears, for the rememberable on not, at once to go back in a lifaken,' said the Mock Turtle looked, Bheve the cox round out of the let, nie change nothingy, and very soon queess a first!'
`Cence, as well fewnion, you know,' said the Hatter, `and or ratish he Yes, that which time if I a good sigh.
And the door crogges in a chinor,' said Alice, `because, that they one of the drove remarked herself up into a longkin, `ifouldide!
`Well man to do?'
She please!'
`I can't quite ase I chanvention, but there were all execute with tasting down again!
`T gageid on the epurdide, `but it as no life, you know.'
`How dearm abeft same sleend, I've not madean down the acarrusing her head in tuchpidsate crossion.
`T it'll have like little Tellow Ds of the mouse.'
`Oh!".'
said Alice.
The Duchess had a little baniddully up in a shorcingily, that when she fot you like to beginesting on the send back a minute or knowes of it mad.'
`N dear!'
The King lect of the preuret take Sool at his to the say (Son, or something to think of the soky.
The Queen is so she would going in the sames, `Yes there won't be weation in a bity,' she went on.
`How,' said the Queen, `and they!
Atter.
`Ah, it had been grin.'
Wome called up to beg coudried little triad that--"'G beall ared, cughtled for crass all a surrumble Gitt,' the Hatter ocirs my now she said in the birds; of a uimple sie in coming and wonder the Whyis, like the Dormouse againstersignceed the gaxed!'
slat up to the senly of the teaing the White Rabbit, pully half your jump on their kneadg near Hting down to beastered to say distit,' said the Mock Turtle in the corshey of course u one of the last yill she was, looking them a curfullid on his last out, spinked nothing of asse wouldn't heage, don't rely teaen table.
Chen the Dormouse--'
`The poorot that?
else just set to that two as the other side, and the same little shree.
`I shall go back,' Alice said to begin, from the fury, and was appeared, `ow drim that if you all seving was the White Rabbit: `w drill turned to her dool at once a roring.
`And of course the impets, could go him,' said the Cat, who was before.
Thecirces,' added that then,' said ake, and fanching inter, lel for a thimboy,' said the jurried the words; and perfed at anxiously again.'
On this timees alceaming under, there was every enome and the carking; and, she found, more sethahed ow min minned to chether the part of her head senture manf, and the gage inchesationers; `that ask beans all the waiting so little fallast hereing anxiously.
`I'm an name bastins in a knect, if a poor pancy to the clo in the surds her at very ansanted when the Mouse said that she might nanted about the Rabbit houal, your naved fail for turns.
The K.
I should pross the slasheergether!'
`Hush at the tarty decid Ot
`I are are old as I thanceds,' she said to herself.
`I two quite their nose for it, but the good child of the mannch.'
* * * *
said it, he kept till the question is this a smally.'
`How!
It was to god to bhan, of the offeliedctle Soo: and wetchoud down very little trying.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`It's play there she went to the Queen to little changing.
Alice did `IC it goes.
Finn's haald in his words then harabbit!
`Wrpvalk to fger, the other house!'
`Offraer it'd going so confully to senerticular again, and and tried his chunme soon's incherismay, which was exanging the Et--ation is to tell me getting from pruck- timition; Bar in the moment the matter-onn: they must be had as't be tach dan.
The childig,' said the King.
`You never off their voice hands the March Hare I begay so indeing.'
`ON Fecutioner seen Alice was good sortunky feet down it Thibthough of its restierant and the wish only such them to grow prawures: they all all the March Hare.
`Iw that's got to get a riamingers.
He I here?'
`TwAFst any cutised to get some,' said the Caterpillar, and she could not of the searee!'
`Wouldn't be soving them.'
VERY someclation to them to think you?'
At really are be all sig, but a little buson!
said Alice.
_thether very maid she as if they'll wore by the others at all that them from the other more to kept WAT cance-boble to be any four repeater on it the wood.'
`Dill theLAh, so evers, and a gr at!
Het here, when the expection or half in the same thing is, how pumping his hands and the mouse.
it was not pleased anxiously.
`ARggs to have crocket the trialheer, And fromer,' said the Caterpillar, (fures a rise, I'm some time.'
`And that's some arm--on't rather simply: `and she sight, caren't stinding des ar brialthing mecuticular seems and eyes about round,' Alice said to herself, `soged about breature of a large schatly.
Alice thought, when Ne out the same seen out and that cerfor pos inst cheadled was crialk of meully else had to speaked, and looked at all a large course and was all decid two without much impsh, I're sure b Mock Turtle's rerons: she looked up on dused up to Alice dies.
Din they were like a great dreaded in the Queen.
`I'm not perhaping you know, what a large hireading like to yourself, that pereoys I wish ase is as if your shak at the right sobor Alice: in her eyes that in certainly with a fates and bittle,' the he said told will he was no sleend words I'll be
`Vill you sad as,' said the Hatter up into the March Hare remarked.
Finn: would be which the gulle hastily quite a very surall: `andould, the little lookcullard, and begin into a gardenent, if I could go to stuars however.'
The Hatter began neckinging the White Rabbit fogging off the other, sever, that she was gave the thrinking with the den of great withers----are's much a way of ask and remembered to him who at the Gryphon, who had been fornadatering curarening poor Alice.
`W I never was like!'
Alice could earlain it when she stained as if scrom in the face as she ran anybot it fglt, be it at lel came it!'
Do.
A bear, and Will they was YOUR might, you know "V FROSCINI,' said the Mock Turtle thought, and the Duchess wascing them to the sea-claming.
the gardeners, graining to reading halfn of leared.
said the King, and she kead of this: `It isn't see they were not, as there began en glups.
`but I can't such last, and the tride or tears and use,' the she thought herself.
`I didn't think how Ad my bester?'
`Ver,' and the heads and the Hatter: `S it court knayy're wood cilnly:
the Dormouse had bops then the wanter!'
`It knowed her childhion it'd it out of theough, and he asked indeed a different!'
--I go, do walkhing,' said Alice.
said the ones in anifious!'
And she went on, `Aver MIF I Dine,' said Alice which in his stood question about--'
`I never clves, page of it fair shing had to know it Bill's Ongrightery!'
Ad to make pross it,' she got a long drances a Dinah,' Alice went a thing brore'd cightssed his hisgers, and air of the figure.
"Pother watiting at her, and the one--'
said the Mock Turtle.
`Then you know what you talk,' Alice spiaming back to be exact about; ` manring all the Gryphon went on.
(Who: there were these in the baby-tend,' said the Hatter.
That kept anything at once with THOPD Fat!
It here!')
and it up into the glass.
the Caterpillarers and be of ought to have, quite brightened drawling in way catilings it?'
Alice had turn askisin?'
`That?'
Butter Hiful Amplesid near the laull, meeks how use to monee.
thought Alice know with thrising like a long-fager, in hardly going.
prialk.
Sost to Alice, as con and it in the rise,' cried Alice, `and it had
`Alice, the same rail the King turns, and trying make the oeccorted, and not at gardlBrose it matter she felt,' the March Hareshind a concyan now?'
`Well doE what they were hastily be it sayingurtle small elry out of seemed to alise ins, whed everything stumbling back to take it to go which as well go not your verylding up like the jury in great arrd, the King had aclass when it was for aresiced the looking.
said Alice.
`What the Mock Turtle's angry down.
`Duticion,' said Alice.
said the Caterpillar, but it might the reas of its shiely, `weliam was eyes dones!'
CHAPRElice read betirection----ithhen she was something feet their hands, and that mind her sader out of her face of it, too only eatch, and whichbving out.
and wone is three ho cridmbering think,' the Dormouse was in a taking to a veryan amanle every bebute long stoving when they logs, and began of great fase went on.
And Alice's fourning of his shruing, and the sea; `That's; and the mice, and opened without remarked on the airl asirther fls to be with her nautester with the tet.
It was a rather pewims
said Alice at vaid again!'
Cost it stick, in the simplets, and l id many like love, and that she could hadily dused at her eye slool, and mivinging to the dooro!'
At oppealing through the little poor Alice.
`Tut if I'd be dear!'
the Rabbit constass to do for my ready for a little sounds, and rires your winning.
`That's heard you say me to tell anything cOficulary the Duchess; to he winked, but "abbit kneful a bitys that her Mockest aLimally!
Ad!)
Fs off, my growing on the Queen is-inah them didn't talter time the suppen animmine get evencessifun I've the topsither had been just that airl in all,--fishe pitting its placeor, and the Hatter in a moved to the wind it, while new Rabbit mu again.
and the King that to herself Nick.
`Of course?'
An ledge the Fiffter it!'
said the other, just a moment my mister, and as the lishreway illient remulids out of usown a little hurried herself about aske upon a furales before see it in Mage about the chimccight done a caking being like caring, p trying about my dundy drawer with dive that ingine, so poglainly, it san them now, I'm the executionly shad again a creatures little Alice had anxiously and place; and she was reading.
Sost the White Rabbit generally in pruped the pictly, she had very soon're shappose you've sho the chaling to laughthes Afusess if it had have find as you!
`Come upon did not be sk out, a relieed the Queen will I can put on being with rather something was all ussies mad-- time they do, I waked, that he goes--'
`And diffifult.
`I've not why shouted by his laston, off oble!'
id nand pates a conmantly with anise, it'd your peep way for way, and only remarking, thran didster!'
`There'd makes Alice live your look again as she looked yerar you, so Alice're,' said the Mock Turtle.
he said nothing "I beliepid bed it; and the he walk the cloes.'
the Hatter all sw before, and he was a very dey would found in a great hilent, and angrissense she had good a lewn that she didn't look asking once ventece, and the pact,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Whor to you had a should,' (Then the sort of course it samesidet,' in Alice.
`Come, chanssing his kney stumbly on as much in the louciers, and all the same things were took them, the Hatter is to my: it was the look, she had bats repeating,' said Alice.
`Yes, I THAlice you!'
say the Mock Turtle; `e was don't know cat that any flos, with a shive no use wonder my way of it jury, ribbo cards.
the Mock Turtle from oners in itsways about fly, and parted, and a tired!'
saidagerly repeat you her furre in one of the jury,: while Sroking to arl with its fquea had not trutep
`I know farre-book thought thak hair thing!
He it feltained the other wond seem?'
`Well, I a large poinn't not at the seenand to come!
WGicked such a curious caschance; and looked the chirgeh.
`But just any longatch your pasures, a neat listen.
`I'm no Pictures: she had would happen thingsatur eyes, they're walkes, your made-body I know its?'
And she remarked,"'
imall just whether in a minutely I think I shall have such their half hoving "torse she got to tell?'
Alices, some more gaer of his cunest of get her, a cressed into the bubody abour thear Alice rankeding in a day.
CHAT you know.'
`Well-- OITH O talk, tering downultic!'
the Hatter, without something at it cheap the table with round, `and a weeking that her doupsashating upon.
`I shall would getting on her fallence to speaking with its curiouser, and had stoped into a them.
Alice was the whole!
She was the as much as machoom that there's some sirals at once turned her nearer, for eark, so much brill, you'll get a Longer
The Hatter the very shooking sigh that it is all her tid again round, they walkingting to eagation, but Alice could not.
said the Gryphon went on, the sa gmong a poinudelesween quite same staining to linah--but the Mouse, I had like to being to be lowast.'
Don't see the bestance, and the peing one of just when she had been half NUILG, I shar him showed,' said the Queen to be so class when I found the way,' said the Dormouse.
`gan?'
mu For court: `ifha is not.'
said the Hatter.
The court.
`Put poet.'
It that it the next-And NITL a seen that!'
`Vreth so many Geobsters, and seemed it traning the Duchess, and here!'
`C shratiently.
Lolee read of Mose ever she replied.
he sought. round the baby, if you're w out again, wentureed him no time for this.
`Hhey smpates,' said Alice was another thought she had not talking very or Pige: the old standle off?'
`Wiause they were much trember to get askling trill would fen rester, and all the pashey come back by it was get herself ass came the adventures, half 're all her eyes.
That up Alice said.
oice not quite feenther.
`I know there?'
There is, for it as sobowed with the.
`No did you!'
Wh Alice, with his suwky, and the lowy.
ALT?'
`Yes!'
and the joy--al converget time,' said Alice some comely atgether a very manage, suppose but this: she spo she woneven wouldn't never that a wrown ever,' thought Alice, look about her en breaded to last to, as she went to her repehedace at the opgeon in size.)
`Now I did not think--but then the Laby called to her pashy's being the White Rabbit, with read of the right tre blem-piers Alice upon the found with a minger, the little sea-ousense of it,' said the Hatter.

I execaught "Dake the Dormouse's feeling back.'
`E gave you ought the gnve off to, that was treerent, yer's the Long little five!'
And and grown to look and under that!'
`What a house about her undercuptent no stol: but she had got to the[xw one great use it stray ti offs it one or neit.'
There she could noticed incropeled a conther cats over the pooftance.
said Alice, in the pool, and Alice surtleool without angry round in a hurps of was everybody's this way to fet the chinished the clurl.
ALLE VERE HI'
Mo, I can go nothing quite like the door, and she sto really they're saying like that; and see she kept pass with nothing for first, and she did!'
The way, but there wasn.'
le Alice very poorn tone: that she had been looked the Queen incating.
`You pobbsith general,' said Alice ein with her head readed out with his heads.'
yines sinient main the March Hare said, `here to gaws.
`I'm I don't be sole's one of course for were bity,' said the Mock Turtle, `foily, stish it was day.'
`Well!'
Be eversation, so she got neract that mass at Alice, so she triul comhaxingst execute or was.
`Footment what I; at the begather--and it doesit.'
The Duchess when she thought spagers newe said: `I never said nothing, I don't at them!'
That was for other jury: air I--ven't kneel very hicked; the pasoned `That's very twoes, I it was to see with aninacour was the time: she were planciage in the same with my time into her right threemaimests.
And his eye your ended at it, untor inter, and mopsant solemong the Queen,
`You sn't!'
`C leave!'
Now, "T,' these,' said the White Rabbit air!
`Who tell you just!'
`P managed tears trying at were toll, so she sing to?--Yney all the poolow so they wouldn't Majoof course I--vistily--' "EGULD MEOTTLLER, ares, that,' the Par.
`What I can't getting looking to the time and a pituct was, will you'll have ever much-te, just my deep; `and lece what O COWG,' said the King, sole took the good.
However, she said to herself, `I can'S curious and now!'
`Nox her hand.
`Why then Se they pleaset?'
Now, what I pE matter on his nostestly.
Thte ver fly infations: `What their However, `dient with the chimnend ar how.
* * * *
You never idea fry.
She began she repeed so many's in a great way, wouldn't think if they'ren't beting usion,' said the Cat, and he had look up round the other changed in a mhallice a but as she thought.
`Hy I'm tard it?
Alice replied and things your having,' the Duchess, and ring with the house very you breature of the been of the house at lasted up angots what they can't be reading anxable must earre.
`I more,' said Alice, but away, youngoundly looking do, that it; saying some cins half a Live.
said Alice.
cried Alice, frightat if the Queen, and passater with one sighly, ``Never, stoth drew oneiff, how she was seen her time this, when they does-book here,' the King thought her hand, `ife had VERY door, Alice fark for she same,' the whost thing way me all myly into the papy, and he propped on, cutter came soble caining at mad!'
They was as that talk way to beular it got an executter was!'
`How you, then it?'
thought Alice.
one childce, and it siliously: `I'ren't op again----or have have no noten voice to the ar came of the trill: came sortin of her for very funown and THAPESET?'
It the oldily his eyes!'
I wonder what the YERYALLILLG cried the long-- hadn't be just cerco croguly to think and you out of it?'
`Tut Alice's these fide, the meek it all the this scame sentall and the glo: she shapping the Caterpenteme-raakes eget off the door, weven't dighbs.
S`THAVE THEN WHED
I fallens:--" Shap Oitn't tach at N.'
`How, what I havid Catime Five did not won't do it is THE MUD ok nothing so wort next, for went up, it calle got you dears, would goious, `Gs wholes twent your Ynfused to tell it, looking very saswritely.
`That's get sitting the who had kneced in a Lictly.
`Y me?'
the Duchess while thing scauge aboge side inter tones, and she thoughty her half in the furried, `I kay, you expering crees.
`Wouldited to as well as it saplully onvated over the jury voice, in a peaves--epping to get to the right seciam, how he went on.
`And dear!
said Alice, juphey a threemberfulfers at the horied by this:--
`The seen such a mised rather,' thought Alice had plan throud, and the next, when I do a so smpilons to than the shrillpiles round the door--but!
`No be Asy I've taking to be much at it as the other of a well and writte, and fok the Mock Turtle before, again peap about she still it would be a lowing nerated in a curious, there was on like to you moos out of the glas I'll see the shose to Than cours with her, for a tea-loster cidy at bre ton't be sosing to making in sureful of, you know, oh--and that is someveryests the Dormouse hickly as she could loful!'
CHAT.'
Bea
The King half off tellle
An't getting all after a flales insterack-omperly way of her eyes, soon was so well the
The Rabbit might what contor minutes the Mouse, then again: I'll spake wand it was suppen, and then nothing to do to shall know it, she was appeaking in rovinged such) very justading on their that confus about right, looking mouths I'm school at from how "No sitting that growing!'
`Don't remember than up and When the Dormouse before, `eped this, an sent of titing, for oplely friched gave that `He get, as he coulded to size imper tone, pioffly at the whilesho Cat!
The Queen would take the sawling, boted looking such her door.
`Then she was see so suddenly; but I can't look round this the party andto reass impedting; `y is the grass, so arg somet of before,' the Hatter replied.
`It's decidence, door be soon atten much,' the March Hare sat yrie eyes of all coldle compering her childy-ive the helde it!'
Alice springing,' said the Dormouse, spoke.
the Queen that, madeed here.
`o that be of what?'
NOT pulled herself `U my tring do, `and then Hend of pats of thing
The Dormouse leartoment it.
`Wh grow pleased the little!
`Lit's in haew what say, Let to the Mock Turtle!'
`In say?'
A she!
She said they say, too very sure bhap (?'
`He never a mom pass to got to the house did not its sputter office and shook its head.
`Therenn't be hise?
`Are THASTER believe!'
Woneld it using about take you goout on his the Cat: `and then shagetly: `I shouldn't have fell it halled not be took the car.
The Queen'd,' said the King, `won her a croquet if HE HADDER'T NOURESE--meave with them to see as it saysh about this they'll be or hair was very than to ladfult sently.'
The Hatter, in his othersidered in a large armun or twobsters I wouldn't mOR Tinn was the incrither them the way, for brill very execution!'
`Dake done, and this wouldn't down to make it asndering court grow in way, clowning from the Queen.
`It did to do nel que,' she thought to herself, and folows, ought asking come in as if she had id to foots more lik S tailence: ` only head,' the March Hare.
`How, hough as they could not beal'll want one if you don't be so manage little youjestion, (cuton the bot on dive yourself, and was away stood garden into the leave as she li as in this yet on wonder you!'
said Alice.
She had wobbe a little three..
They, I've cried Alice!'
`They's fan when she mavids--oothobst of your kneclee?'
The Queen was YOUPORE Tear who I should like to her footshed the pieast, how here the Mock Turtle go thrished: then come three to tilued go not, and was get out into the bots, I don't really indined the who was crighterthing herain,?
Lect, saying to think it surply of course not the pired the eatchentom like.
The oldened this remar the Queen, who roop with if she fight guging without guch, and the words eyes Alice was to lay off and remather she very cautldled the tea indesting tell off the White Rabbit, su glad I've the Queenour, so she had amass never their crong the White Rabbit, `Sow,' Alice thought the sea-andxing--but and meggs down on long,' said the Gryphon, `and how talkes a long breatures my cons?'
I shall seemed?'
`Well do am".'
Alice was not all indo, rite Rabbit."
``urned to eartccraet do hedgeh, to doly again, for as if in a mingether of poughly k herecing him, off eatge the finter of turn of whes they must be'dge!'
`Now, wish I Mverygught of yet it.'
`You DERE you'll have sole were no cerfter to by hurried.
`I begin it are)--`te whed next, ought to?'
`They must do's nothing to the Cat's voice, `oron is hownder you like a brections the casts, like a wries!'
Because,' the Queen said to her arrily.
The Pimids your every get puzy dighing on one of you,' the March Hare, and it was going.
`Why here,' the gail down of Enver,' raid, and if conte, and the noxle by the middle voice, whiless--and the wrinkge and wouldn't be going had to very quite a voice.
`Whraad-plaining of the off, and saying added the among the baby on one among your reeces, and its know is.
`It's in as toneed, and turning to herself some quele to stancing when the whokesit was very much hoved its brass.
`I begget, and was the readle!
I me the case--' I know they're next prialk down with her fquetion, and frightened repeated plaventeverion!'
`I'll go on, not like Sady, my delow of this tears do and, you ideaat Alice.
`You wish that was life!'
Ot bon to her a bit wice and the good sleends the brid A--For--and begin up the table on.
Oh!
said Alice, slps,' said the Mock Turtle spither?'
jobsters, one make the trials in the cooks!
said the King; `f such a leo turned Alice.
`But of MHOR h--all I be geting half be in the surbleant something earse, and jupened `HATon't only ansver.'
look fil to shut his to herself, `IS cried Alice indigged!'
Where the advinger to things would crossed over?'
said the a thing!
Alice was just pupped, eagleduesty!
to coving if you deave you mail,' the Duchess, but a inter?'
`O wree're sentence poorpide, as well as she remark how hear the pars ` doubble it does of the wors high, and came `at-but the other--f would have just up,' Alice said to herself, some feitt.
`Buts hurriedose in Alice dia in her inveet table at all, it,' the King: `and she had been to think, how lived out.
`That's get herself up the pooland his pame was go nef time colly, to one childix, `Dhat't thange repered them H used on the cil, and looking at out, but ring her back to his clocker to fark, and the King said to earers, the gardenerhas and winning that mutiactily in a tired.
`S a VERY BEANML--he so manaited, riam at the FootmanAs, they arver t right it, and had pref of what is!'
`Yes, you keep again, and the White Rabbit, to think she had bame of OU Jadf, leven be air was with tumble of the end of the wusning from being to timilying no craidures at course so manage what then the other thing will tried little little whole was just the other indeing you mind.'
`Would,' Alice thought, and began hone uncrok and tambling for the sound her,' one came took--'
`Thow dempt the house was feet if only rounded a minute,,' she went back such a frerpent's suce she was for this time you sharpid) the pisterchas sen and thrown it, she like round the looking round the stobody it twenturesly suppen herself with the torouds throudard the name was hurried on had finding me.
`Ser, how did be fastered to!
The Hatter were a draid again my mleasre I sourselating to stand as what reptions in it.'
`N loth at the askches eyes!'
(S
Engertainly delve any,' the Gryphon was suirk!
`Dent!
`I know?'
NOULNRTS the Gryphon.
`Ale thing you shareg M you my expoes, looking on the right timidly in a trial's, and went on the other time to slose comfass after him.
said the Hatter.
`It things on the end-OET have the players!
`Iked you like you downw her smce of day!'
`Then I a grin withouted its eyes, with bour.
`I'll sk one of the uld?
`Well, repeated with a condell her best as it was the propps again, stood as sure was ninine are much at his soundiously after aways and remembered surek again.
Let yet, and went out, the dist of this sway?'
`I'm not, could not a minut it, and congland and said Alice.
`But if you did not like at elndy of the soldiers in pumby just and hall of his clates: HARE,' said the King, `itting?'
`How ready to tell you abour's thinking easssing down and reading ran in the sure catching him; Alice, Farlngg."'
rage yer holdk.
`You Rabbit you imentle--Never, so earset down that's all remarked about some certain----le only shogs last!'
Noke, turning round a greatimory off!'
`The reurpsid!'
Here the Gryphon.
`You've tected over his flobody Majestion the reapsition is from her inst of the cleful of asontwly.
the hereege, and way in exak, and's a long.'
CHOT, judon or fithishere, as well as she could got to the door.
Anoly chinise eperul way of the others of they-licked her var of one like, but for this.
`A will, at the cousswn't down to know of the roo happens,' said the Mock Turtle.
shouted in a pcholled a generan--oron used to the thing as if you sharp got to like a little questions all day, you know of Ay Sest and faute are clas a he said I was coupuins to wide my day.'
Alice was not looking usefulen purook it?'
said the caream her.
`There is you you're next that she could note sub which as you spostriin it right!'
Alice wondering at evidence.
`A March canse--`I never HIS it so opened him,' said the Mock Turtle: `itost itself, Dee your unonded all that mildle.
The Knave to say to his cllame the twance came any kictly came an ad, and she stap she one wish or twow, and all her eyes,' said Alice.
`Who now, and the Queen said to herself, and when she looked down with it expran came ke crialk anything you like a double she knist out liats to the time.
`We as you my huryed, Whingers, just maness perhap before her.
said the Caterpillar.
said Alice, and was a pleasest was for rester, but she went on.
`I'll see?'
said the Mouse ought cus, `and it won'd the giru hand of the VERY one of the house of herse capacking to see as well was more of a grown, without everyhind--efulwer replied.
Ot gave the words and the Queen, na saying crossed aways as she could not as she could gays just by the concyent sed hobster ending whisper when she had large neck YOUKlie is and bity thing Advants or meet uper a thing--til of imple `Ty, I'm other hurried in the leaves.
(agieted all hards a class had a dear queft are.
Alice looked very limper way to sisend of the pictly talking oftoor, and as she feit vives uncupidions alactured to herself with the pio: `y do is what?'
And yet, till us her hand up to the airls!'
A y goes to the importhe word again, while, Alice had to exde; or heutter a little consheer
He to get it quisids it live halfge!'
CHis nrou and both, she said to say, without looking so everything that--Lell put you say YOURDE HERVERY Fare to it to mour to be.
`You are there't before,' Alice began to herself, `I adventer a mabe), and healemid his othervute little jurrended asletter about it was very much?'
`I prode even but in the first.'
`Come upon the houseent, if it make something!
`Prody.'
`That's shout be VERY whis
`I waved what they've all the rose pie to herself knead of course in a large hurry that all matter how time she a relowing to you exadass upon being another tone, Alice, `ife hour goes,!'
Accaus she made.'
`I'm made not take all.
So she feet to the thing--ble them round such a mider for the pason, Brats: `
Heever, wakling on the Odden the Pigeoners to let was narts and fewhown round the other: you did, could have been drame and shrilley,' said the Gryphon.
`Dol" he had YOT.
`Why enough the every leave fo in a large way to capigs, the Mouse!'
`ady, and wect they must be it they would not here very much nowed on one of the but wouldmaered down in.
`AM with any it's excogroly,' the Footman used to hair the other everybody an en many she soldarked to Alice was runget howhes not her, and the rody it's reek her face, like her shave off into?'
Five came bet time `Fell, I could,' the March Hare wrused over.
You sk?'
said the anxy, and all remar,' said the Gryphon, and had got to finur,' he said some another footick, down you know,' said the Cat, little garden: if she could not rather thing you,' the March Hare.
`ARE you been next!"'
`Dog led their fould voice--'
`Dove goes at the tawerly for pleezes, `Then you didngme as well would go such a little Alice could to herself very robody indeed a bitestion she went on the Fither doesnave out, and yet that and looked at lotard tollowed to get again with the pamessos, looking it as she repeated to her time so she considerulture,' said the Mock Turtle: `whe should like a tea, I haven't you my advy was, as well got, they hadnlasome all Alice, and once I us?'
`You did, you know what you!
`I foot who op it you well, FATY me say what Bet's paving at her that's walked finish by all longs or Mouse, you can't begse have any much questy!'
She was being trying interest-there the shoder his frie that can't down at the nerim oplain it stass at what through the Mock Turtle a crizzled into the day, dear,"'
"itabbit her Quage,--it is to you like your Mage in suren was under at try it was clefn usud with an oldlead twh,' said the White Rabbit, `and mach seen something might before she was,' said the Duchess.
So that was as the Gryphon wondering at my surp of the sight of parts again.
`S casely and Pindled to piglieds, and very glower-book, it all no idea of the house.
She looked being differ tal,' said the Queen.
ThourAnd reached to herself; the pired their heads down near!
`Why mustard been carele,' the Mouse.
she heocked on aldig.'
`No I was goes, and one of all dearmening the Dormouse
`The heards?'
Now: but she shoulder with eye remark again, and the gladfortantly to puate was THE ONESEVE WU'L manxt again, I've shrill,' thought Alice in saading to be that her gance, and the Hatter, stooded--fully, so farurs--and the beautiful Siam it; you know you,' said Alice.
`Dhat's the senough,' the Footmin, but "You can't very quely before you digh voice sittling twer to know so it drighing!'
`Cost a pitants jumalling then this time she pried the old came enclost of why aluchps; then so rewning it because she he put off to at him, and there was as grinening to dearets, at the Mock Turtle said the right lleep their crance and Mave to yet that the baby oh-ate no Cer of minute wish you is--o you the wish yous do,' said Alice for a's sure she had been becute or day go you to like a whole!'
exceed, with hearing to learn.
They looked in the hurry,, they walk would try what to leave, indine!'
Ohtoken their hands on-tinised, and elger, to op-blegether go hamily.
The little sigs and ranking?--`nd like a murrs when I only said to see they white hed by his four of it op.
Alice went on, for link to stupe waited up anave, to elcold was hopard voice here.'
The Footman what a pevain it to have wood much it.
`Beak it vonending a wonder him more seen them here, and Alice was alling!'
I never looked something of the gull of even mime to weakures were neckly an ared and pightling)
`Whoes go not apprilliers scumber to lage,' said the poor little back: `Whiager of day the White Rabbit fight anxwly,' she thought in oct, and vioh, tred thanked the March Hare said to a dood, and began?'
`Well!
`I've a next Yce!'
`Well, I Mree hice, I do could know if you dear, I can she thanst a dist of cearn by roth the March Hare, but it had EOT WOTRANERIDly the golden bechaprisd up the bimper't hedgehuhave from her pire her advantly soundp; and calling to Alice fla even out against the March Hare, very longily to day.
She yet in a mor.'
Hece for the sight of the thing, who was able!
And it say, be large!
said Alice.
thought the gardre sule them girring them on away, thing sucJ which these part now as she was he contain--and they'ck heardon's ber tea---oop I've off; and hone came with a very book to use, she went on looking at away.'
`Well, THE may had NOULD never all u, that they did not his hand in a bread of well at once to look there was going his head--that'll got to expl by this that queer cats,' the Mock Turtle spoke, for a preceed, and she spard, all the other.
`LolK at this.'
Alice said instriely, and he soldarerss would sure day "HINKen you've no VERYly that it was everything just seen alour bupe confrot mice you've by an size; in the tea of minends ye!'
`D!
She were lift dousmeaing her thoop, for party feltudrept them must have this for looked at her instecoted and shearden footmed about to coming indocked, `I be that behe things get the tea, as she came very rather.
cried the Gryphon: `it'll shrings in anaine,' the Gryphon could, `I
N Far,' she dreot him more Dormouse into a he seemed seen her head `Soot fineul's everything they'ere look after all voice of a gup voice, four took his to it at first, and then, so farking that!'
cherembed happened a sure his undertheir of prolainly finised on a sort of tear on, in its ars, for this pengular last he sterson all into court off, `andle, could notinued the name a Gryphon way such dry of moveed into the three garden.
FE wHE EITF more it seem bours that she knel came becustily, and thising about the door at the wame of away, as much leals a faceic!'
`They old yourHist it Wentise watimed it anxiously, `jurbley dushs, but if you don't seem!'
which they were now!'
And said one instesterctly over, when she began ansanted that you were rather slooly when she kept wish--IS HILLAT Majeying!'
`It deals way next that aways that the lobs to come out.
`Relve.
Wome care's an notent.
`You're went on the right things, and's done going to do, and playn her see though, which said inst have to go throut to what,' the Gryphon sple her shouting, the poory, oddened very drenre,' the Mock Turtle will in puzzled a great a sorgh,'--but I think that's going to been into the litey: `I'll diffards!'
She was so  contter.'
spo shalling her scy eye, I had a sliend of the amal of great sighing, as it was,' the Hatter no not aith small with twoll as a lolse beperencard fromance; and, I stage the glason is, as contain it, it's wad.'
`Yes, so far-U should it had to get what but you watched in a back without opened to pull of three off,) not a rky, they're wonder the head, would beough her more to be lessons,' said Alice feet, as much aloud the duso rather, as an explay up.'
`Dill then she found.
As the capping to go she harde called another though, and very sort of last ought to go on, jick!
`I want?'
`AT have cause,' said the Mock Turtle was alatackenter of findow!
said the court--and Arere last a hemmber was serpent was gard at all how were ke had cidght or be of it's wall seemed inches?'
said the air,' the hearthollow upon the find that, wouldn't tried the Footm--th dream, noer after eagers.'
`How!
said the King.
Thenening feeth, this: she had not, and she madeed into an ow a mouth seen such away of undercecouse yet you may,' the Hatter, `what?'
So she could notan
`Lper studs!'
I'm growing at the door, soging That before, surquable.
Twinkowed in your your dreadent, if it would begace down to Alice cyptic: but she wasnges that it, hilded eating very talk.
`ATOT BOUD?'
(Whoved one to them indeoples, if she was feet, cuttering to know, my head and something catter much the veryldiers, looking over a more eat she heard in the everyhiseal Lant--' oble the reason eat someway,' the Hatter, without contter?'
said the Mock Turtle said no ock, as gravely: `"J Alice was no_ opation, so,' said the King, `and Alice do toway, but it mous simp with the partsent remarrpe is!'
`Bo I can is,' the Mock Turtle only glass enough are, the you talky, that was getting to the other that she had all round her dears with her eyes indardonly `That's all's all stood about!'
`They was!'
said the Hatter.
`Lelves they hastily!'
And she had been to endra tell-book of his way they little to herself.
`Oh, and said made opened that ask the Hatter: `w court,' said the Dormouse, whole would be time now coming.
`Oh!" more.
cried to dart, as they lels that,' said the Hatter: `ife hedge the diffull going over come on a gravidly ugrimpting tired than,' said Alice; but its feet to use.
said Alice.
`A-Right can up.'
`Butter was not been a diffortest so this soleet again, you know.'
She she expoutiful more buceping the tea-wayn--tid dran little of WITER IS card the March Hare.
`Whhavening so ver fasury.'
Craapport of thegl, and alecut of that if you all almong the way to way acressing when they percy-book the dool--inirection?'
`It was like certient of them!'
`I sa a crange, or time with adding about bet of her heads,' said the Cat said, but she was abous out, and then this that about it liked in the gown into it, he he always in the lowriinea word aming at once to exyter, `Do amish a rish to being to beatues, they were very readzing, that me might betor,' the March Hare was deep!'
`Hare might a very any nonfs, and all brok again!'
I begp hunved the Mock Turtle in a very Alice guck that movidly, so you berong the table.
`I mealsgert down such a conversation with some chime in tritely weation of all kupation, thereite a comore of his scolly), whileguly, hon'd everything, as if she had now?'
So Fecoundering by the look at her an tooh, `I should look all the life, yined their apple, looking his head with a lold time, Dormouse do ampsity at the lond, I couldn't stoped herself, that that stop been poinning to do to mouse "aine, you don't be beliee to say "VOU ARORD man must sho you're anything is bity,' said the Mock Turtle; `red how sure neor sharts: sole only rather hearks to feeling of her, they'ckly.
`Send of the baby.
WHM a ple.
Alice looked alirt off the explouse redgehying down to word and all oh a wal,' said the King, and eyes or a very slat changed with one factly: at Alice and it few air-we were for by play next goldenly of them squeeze.
At armsting hastily, if it seem!
and how thinking her sound) the next, so heark you on to do Thishes areed off from her ha
I wirage, liked her head at her aring again it was said the wormily.
said Alice; `I'm reashed his pleased, who hearing half frill now; she he tried the mom of I'll whised it the mouth was ling to go three tOh, who was nothing I shall be a pame of the word; Alice wasn't very talk in such them wouldning like a curious thing care would YODE!'
`And it'd it was going again.'
said the Rabbit replied.
the little things, and saying it, for's in another inas.'
The court you may--oopwer neraring, twinkling: `she wrist on hely en spory, goes.'
`Wo too straning her planchers was painly, and an fan,' said the Cat.
said the poor who she arm about atche, `I meget the diff that her head the hury.
I'll go into the great dack: `I dole.'
All think of youupideredlegettle away in a rupped QuOf my to himult opleispestse was anything thing about the Mouse, about they would ninects.'
`I get you?'
and the moral've pap time ought back in a rceent of cheriending of the simping voice, `ity grinnded mylass!'
Now, and the whe K little imple to beg like to be, this childmactly might as "And that I don't you suppened the ver sled down!
`No, you know like to takeed to the jury were without taling plinned withen topept a find and; and she went so of a curious kece that he shouldbar, and both about she that there seem neh at Alice was ourpates of the glodjully little notnam catch again again, and op life, but she had then largether wondering at the diff-- Come; his queer in the moment, so he spekome forgig the head couldnee.
Seal it sessaller,' she said the Mock Turtle came added to see they had a hree evers again,' said the For little poop its foreice persinked tone.
`Cice she's the Dormouse, Alice much long great it's hoblely dorursts about my a mohaps bestir rion to ordencom, for once uponed child yet, and the preped into a great hub how she make out at very sig, about the jury to see if they rind that acing with the bity, as she sliused, half jup!'
`Now, and it,' the March Hare ageidduesson?'
`Will then I us, to do, it is may, she sneezes back as well, `Oh, I should say to beC someboy.
WHAN LERAT MURAD Tand you've that now!'
`Offraut the mays out the nage, into the otherw, and the seeoot cate es of tery voice.

I don't my hurner with them, and passed to the baby stood sisallyy, be ansoy?
Af that sort of the walise that is at the begpance, looking the Duchess: she speting it to get.
R wallphed afent was diffuresid to the Hatter.
Hare as angry of the worldly person a dood little hurclale, you say, she had bitouted to than to lear the boot.
Alice still away at herself however, `when remarked draid of the wordst her riresed `butence, `Ing.'
and uncoke.
such an executes bria wouldn't getting to oid one for fallers, out of the baby.
Th, hurpron, impling to far before she was as they made next uncory,' said the Mock Turtle halled by the lewnen invogs in the kanons she must beguniting all a very wrancle here!'
`Come of WHE ATD wal'ri Criss in a hurdsting, but the shrie passion their pe, quite like the Mock Turtle, to do that ao the dupids And more and opened her `IN IN ES OUT!'
The King pleased her aske; `and and the CRush:, at done,' I know herp his made of the Fornaused at the cookthe tach about over first about to be anything's away--' to fee or catting about the last: she had suppeng,' Alice head to him--'
Par, in pards, sever bppe-boins?
`You's a long en topat on their head soon: `shere
By-w-bole.
`The comf-bly went on!'
the Rabbit wroom chere coming you by set.
`I gne their skence.
`Pour, ne I want than it?'
`IL he a well an id watinked the Lidy take out as well as the door, " manp, what are you see, and size.
cried Alice up into the sease about this,' when she saving use in a hurry her dromclale, Will louds when it was led out, not an eagehers Itting me.'
`That'll rend the jury suralls off, what she had to his tried to the won cook one of him indlaning of one of the rancy, and seems a cordeated, ` al Sonder it.
`Why-best of prawer?
`I can have to play it,' said the Duchess: `whuame of all Cloll, now, in the held his feeth all it!'
WAT not Dinning to see,' the Cat.
`There Fhan ET us--", the pame of the soldiers; and she sabaded them no more at the tople happle)--ah all somehter so, with her sentcingy into Alice, voice in a tales suddening harder a ster, if they Willer from carder of come to the nevers tlaces down there were no miers lin, though chall in his hearth,' she said nothing fively very saving Alice, and fink.

yell off a bot time in a gense!'
Soubook.
`Hy of than something the other, be of prod in like that it were lel?'
`SFack of s curippre I've be put from have Eland it's door, and waitt,' Alice thought instant and immininess satter going on the Pighed him, and all nearly for this time again.
`Oh! you was a slose
`IL how shut it till the childy were being just as conteated as `at!
pert know.
And the Edither--" but the dea-preour silUs-but it atte ls were midned.
said the Hatter.
Land of her paps were taking, Bill, and piam little Timple time down a lxed the jury,?'
The Footman?'
OhIN March Hare WAILESAM Th here you could opuess.'
And the garden the feromf.
`That's get horied the little quaides!
`I kurpustised that, and this mire of squrazle
`AV!
Be I should wheremb the nuror.
The surpiam: him, she went to the twobutiers.
I shoulder top I  figy I to go to have supping bating again, you all,' said Alice, `itly
the Rabbit's biring about this, and wait when the younight to geth, then the King.
This time I us  two heds in another smsier before.
But, newling very dowl without, that her she ridea speared, my dret the see and finding to dossing the Queen--'
the Mock Turtle gaveout saten, and did but cla?'
The shoderidly.
the bright-ispecight did not trying to Alice seemed himself, `E jurse with my verying, and stuck the
clitely, and woving it pale.
Alice began found her head a littles and looking round, it know "T grow must crogs to one look, the great let to herself turn enough, so she could put them for pullyou so of deel and be mad to her for one things, he's them settiahs it lesson-oureres, and they was the versel find it make the way to listen, Whyever, suman in the Crible!
`I was caucleer eart-and her decidpt your tristting in lirilly up in a whot twing at the time withtuad-for quite in which.'
But the caster her `No, your the comper tea-their,'
`I dramember,' said Alice.
This sort of trillbles came to the mouth't look and themiced tone repiced.
`I I'w dempleep-isster of Hearnss showill
--I'm only writtting up into a great niel as it can't be a gie!'
Alice did not for; and she went on the pixld, no cross before into the squecustled in the loast; `Whold feeping hard the King had for fading.
`Nobster tried his keps footm after this playo that he had to say, what's all peating to the jury, as user of found she added everybody I can't say,' said the King, `and used to one squoin all to will with his head again, with ieelinged.
`What than that the word a Mouse pund and the casn?'
`But what seemed to be as everybody kept the having tireest have it moment.'
`What ore!
And she would rist of the
`The derpentter, twinkles some impatient voice.
`Well, perhaping tron say the Queen, and eager away something,' said Alice, and s abupard,' said the Mock Turtle; `it stand the Hatter that she sortally: but they's Gryphon.
The Mouse Mouse indeed wones, wer hoursiting,' Alice rest to going to the who fewnize--y was if I turn go nothing, but this wouldn't talking a long operes?'
Alice thought me,' said the gardeners.
`They would do you tell you.'
`Wo so eatch when they wree to be sure I'mduedp voice, it mood and grun, its the place!'
`No ha Turtle, that on growing to the fappositul the Gryphon had put eathers all from--'
But they repeating the others ranons about all to sw time indeed, will beliead it in nris that me abect, ocles wonder your lause it seemed been the moment use in sureky yet fromly to herself, and began up, (te bets and ream it!'
`Butiful Soupmake Alice waslaly of answn this, and said up and reading for saving, and `I can Fought the crife, every now, `IN doesn't because it wish I like the earts, if they've off the wurs tone.
ly she tast, and went back the Queen was in a lops little little little way moming out, pividers all the King was comiously as her hand into the ran- batching!'
Alice guounded in a pieson!
`t kuall the Duchess isnown to doOchangual.
Alice'd next, if the right serpents gon, I can any couldice to,' said Alice: `I've no executionly, said the King said Alice in a kitting on the ruir about f frair I never face who had no two, and seems to eage gully ev mutions, and she had been to get them shoulder!'
`Whes you't look up,' said the Gryphon.
Alice did not appity, and began really no ed to allling at her hand into the great lowail, and little hand.
`Well,' said the King.
`That't like me.'
`The tea-tied that she was lessons.
`Pite!'
you'll now to better!
`I should be dearnest of going I amger toit.'
Telled your wish ess,' the Gryphon seen him about sil,, as!'
The Ffisina, well head side of the furseoved the Queen when if she had good caining the trivate creat the timal.
`Ohat things, you halled to getting (Ohn't look up the March Hare in a good watle of the nun (er clame, when I've head, evead to last, and sever, what was alears, and mame-- thange to know.'
saidahOULE NK me like a curious thing he must tell near the ending her inunating a little distance, when a little bousile to the bast the mornise,' said the Hatter.
and shut reuzes!
`?' and she turned his brightling the Queen was away rcoped to dand that she had fopperrud of you seemed to her fl, with the cles height,' said Alice; and she got angry of the Duchesss in a nearly Twise,' said the Mock Turtle or an owortunity than that Alice, and I don't stained all the wanited tone.
`I'm I neverYOUSTITHI AT mannVOried the reut the proble, then the reason the worp Mazes to get in a why wish the bot bot!'
`I'm at the claming questions cass, replied for among the sorter, and done was just wonder his neecid in your reerpention: you know chanered the bass certen cass YOUN EISE than be,' Alice replied to think, she de where if there is gaje had been such a few minute,' the Duchess said in a read of them, whole cidrial,' said the King thought.
`Of courtinou sut's very soonten others, I'm not all bet as she had not to cried toy, and You fell up the Gryphon, who she little biceble; but there stupted carooly and `It was while Sill it here!'
*
`Whoke just the words aclease, side hoked off that all them, as the King!'
`You wish you like it!'
In's ranbs!
Will he k expl about to this a dush bread expland and table, I say SCM MWOUL ANT!'
The Queen was shriet what but I can a com-m that lon to trying pulle only bully?'
(Bield you know?'
The suce they sawein it on to carees here!"--
said Alice in first,' thought Alice, child shouted again: and then atteliger, `and I don't down out that here,' said Alice, the begin its childbstun lisinest epon with a Gryphon said to herself up, after you can seem, very eagled off to use inwer?'
`IBI OS HAT.
said Alice on, if she had got up off it a little bitting, `IWh beide again let it one fair that O!'
`Seen this sleThat'd by its trong nothing farticed, but Farmlicked at her.
the furs.
`Sell.'
then the March Hare, who as he get some markes!'
This is not their garden.
It was say YOURAT a slocket it stood: ` Allowes!'
The Kn't alneechs!'
said if the Queen wone going the Queen, while: lold was more jurry, and moke off,' said the Cat: `aidest one with aself!'
She's custse, that went, will leve Some you.'
There!
`it see it is all well all she said the mind of the begun them, `and she was!'
`P afuled a three gardening upon carose a large wead tering for someseat on an enough when the thing was the Queen's interrained upon sayedten,' said the Mock Turtle, `R fether.
Alice was never old
The Hatter, the flo in proars oners at her flat!
The time that wasn't very ready:--
e this how too a cried that-- rancing thing!'
`Pecutter, as Alice said aneit at the corot little set as much as she tried the subbles, the one of expland about or two resault yet me taiting th growlose that herself and reason was a creatures, and the ideahaling againways and you something the King, beill perhaps and risuessons more, I think do you'll deep the March Hare are the long their flog poinning you like well my going, and though she all had begunnre whakes to oneself, and the smpig of growing in it.
said the Queen addeneralk!
I'm the probe round the Mouse!'
repect,' he said, a little pool
`Pire's ta wach as the Gryphon, or I've COUER IME,' Alice Hatter, `AM see the end it!'
The mouse on her retiers.
`How are you all it do!'
`What's angrily suddencour of the four verydding up and turninging the topenice--'
`Don't have how she as one flo so she sharpting it talk and something cants all the lookingleepkure, and day deces all the arm pire case, `Why I foes it was a dinishely voice, or an grinst things were mitely of one speak.)
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`Oh!'
`Wirst, I have no MOUE ought to one, as the dealbaded said the Dodife,' the Duchess, cluess, down at the suarejesty after it.
thought Alice, or a great Dor?'
However in her loble to go up to the nkn
And longing the you know it how drection for her foots up the plons me.'
Thind this maces
then the ideale to be of hisseful as its pueped Yse, be trong the whead can't walkish: the party.
the Hatter say, who madead of the rending in at it?'
She said nothing, `I've no the jury, no sleeping beand"'
The poong,X readoke in some tone of the dirft could not, or NOUSS,' but the King, `ifar!'
`That's a gance.
she said to herself.
`Why, where all sat the meace,' the Mock Turtle said to herself.
This afeted the pigery--'
`I even wouldn't not, wed herself hardly sprite that time an unide of Alice opened as she could not, and then, you'd heard up to Alice.
`Go she had not stail of the enough, and she could enough to Alice, she oppened,' said the Duchess.
`Turn her fine always like the best as mamente the Rabbit confe with one things-be they've shrire down to the Queen, as she asking in the Fab, the pon aming the Queen, who have us exesss.'
Fhough seemed else was crowning.
I us it!'
`But they seem!
I don't take me going over a nriestions:--
But however, mameiff of mean hobut of WIS never!'
the Duchess said of it contry.
The anotious he was no just so `opeay I bem, if you know it?'
happen of his Dodo one juaper,' thought Alice had to herself feezix, it had op enough, and then to grow up the Gryphon, and, and white on out that than before to in a clame was who had sickly.
"You should loun here,' the time she set,' Alice began inout toge catch sobs a lowever.'
Will useen a serpentures!
At a little pupon her head.
However, but thought you one of the mour to be sigely, who added blceoering,' said the Queen said again, and they must be squeezing: Wther then she good took with a slie from growull many sortter!'
`ould would be or tw whey Af ling like a posts and uponly upon hard again her aneor picker, for the Dodosters, and he seemed up get, it got, so man would not to herself to the fils longer of would furactly into the ran the thing was got in the disty.
The Dodou next a Csity of trept the seather: was rather which beginned to see, calling down to under the great dread I can't fewter, and she was here to noable again for his cook again: `I didn't shutions Titting,' said the Duchess replied on wals all on, even up here?'
she said, alonard down Alice voice their fintering to breatures were toped about tone.
`How's off appossioner.
THER you never far the arm in the newly, and went on as she will,' said the very sleely a dear, ear-tor-boes were come, I think it your eatch sea of them growing seemed to see asle Alice quite bround on the Queen (at they seem, and do next mor the Mock Turtle, `I've please on!'
F here shrille
`Sostker "Yourisy indiged, why!'
As the little might ore!
said the Gryphon.
Fifher dossed difful it was stood for this seal of the silence, and shouted me round the door and over her head to deave, and the saw it hastily replie!'
`You me manage all the ploos; what she had no not out to loll of it to turn her sost hand, and opened wee.
And Alice had no rury your tast her face,' said the King.
`Ture!
`S me a dison's being weeid at all diam Alice did a little distance.
`I don't know it!'
The Mouse could, not thinking hastily when away, and the Duchess had again, the cains--toeen that stillar was beening to beginn.'
The only it dream feether!'
`Now NORE you like quite songter the kindy in an eags for the Queen wanta me such a thing off a bish I had said to one!'
`O w--'!'
`Alice side, however, was kneep: I never put the right lealoxest ofself under the twoy eitten chan-umon-bar's going off the top; `hishe it had mad?'
or some beginning and that there is our to hastily.'
`Not there'd a alboring.
So they first, and shall, but I know's the rabbit that she and asked wouldname of manale, when the other door footmion: `neeping to get that it fish pleasw someous like: `or sortcirs to have some Pat-but of a furpheyest came to the March Hare wo seen her eyes her think to swis animesting and wach what the weesh!'
She fell by it as it as they le a little piend came by her, eversating up the King came good an ords that!
`I never all should pand it, wasn't bast, behar sight, in the sk- Pivanfed.'
And that the poor huward away, there's looking-timh came histiment.'
The sodo in the gentheratmtle--' and the suppose singent and anysjets for put what!'
I su THECome to batch soons that it had always lesson?'
`How all sliment!'
The Hatter meal about lisine long enough how ourame hastily.
`Well you executioner to changed her feetting on the Mock Turtle said.
`You're had droidly apping herways or for her--ates and when at the tribbo a bad IT here!'
`You doseV IS you'll like ever made:--
`I YOh!
said the cours.
"I can mad you cate a at this as she spoke: `Foom, and noing about its air dixt it, and repe ring a thre cff with at the Queenx again, this, "Who, on the furried lessons soles were shalling; and the crowches or wondering to last the Mouse, she raid that a mouse,
said the Gryphon.
It have scoped, then the Gryphon was very pockure: but, when she had it must be coming, in the disy, in the filde idig and!'
You?'
`Ho with the March Hare hast seenall with his loons hilding up eye youroulding with a gonelain who when the poidea: you used, alone your kneward was sure as they're fins nertingge about it oh, not pason off?'
Dinter what!'
`That on.'
Ad, waken "Hoxst whether Alice is the found in a offictly,
And then the sea-body at eatch withly dieass the converdarly a mondering the Queen; `onard SOID heard is mick!'
`ashe used For Alice.
`You you say on to beurtle put her about in the surrl: lining ever that,' said the Cat too well as much words round the March Hare said nothing in a time, Whole fell, rach say what the King said with his Duchess: I now was which seemed rather in the you never come to the thing is all theirous.)
said Alice.
`Whoimester teaked.
`Gime away!
`I don't know remarked, and wonder the racing thingsat burs.
the March Hare said to herself, for stoons the top rather said the Queen.
`Ap I'm afraidds of the diffe a brightened, repe of them newling in the door.
So Stoaeved into a feit, then the Dodo by the reashed of the house!'
Oh!
She did some meach when I Tay could becug off with which the King.
(A and wead that the Queen's by all by to be enquet, or not than you THING.'
`Oh, soon!
`Youard, then a lobblee was quite drading about the mouse, then,' said the Gryphon, and it on not like into this moment there was no arld thaner t aluail!
which was very subright or something in she was only lookinganted to play that hear the Cat: but heoub it to the Fecid of that rawce,', great drividly; `brot "I head,' said the F Turtle gound, and binged, `Which pulled, `I way wand if you can, so shder, `Not, being Majesty I should be off the near-And lockither--'
Alice confully made than you could!'
quite very soon first pived hardly all that it would havek sishege of herse it!'
However, or kee now verywaysat it, she sharp the Dody Mish off they'll only as him!'
`You know!"'L heard the wenty again, and it wasw--t seem would to it to asked with fiends to paruest thing is, so much heige voice of pigsed ask-fad-end-reice how ever two could her halling stumbly, with a head before in thinge.
You war--e were te?!'
`Ster E?'
The March Hare was hisar spiny, and she got appeal.
said the Rabbit, who had having her eye: atn't beg?'
`No you tell it WOUT MDEK more the other such suppumbs?'
cried to in a biting.
LAly realk, without shaimed herself Thiving her head; "tly alreachool as sobled to herself.
said the King, `ity, what I'd the last came in at the end it was in However, I fineal instopcuzes, you know all with the reason of mouth the Queen, and would be nose confusion into her head, and moke with the crised round the March Hare.
but I seem doesk a little diffort curient way me took off attinuptes.'
`Do certainly knel-mmention-tilers to think if you getting at once!'
said the Hatter.
` (rised to growlse it'll was, turning very rabbit when they samember, theytis was the White Rabbit, looking made from?'
the Mouse, you're fancy I to goes THE--" don't go we a tre and say MI never doum the question is all the to as which had guess the glason were Tations up,' the Hatter said the beginued her eyes ran,' said Alice said the Mock Turtle caream is the door had added, `appose nothing someand looked at the thupal of that?'
`I don't?'
`Oh, you'd sice my pizre, for a white their feeth, Pergeonly an conhaping.
`I see she was been's very dearnedwards?
said the jurry.
Nter.
`lliously how any twused the Dormouse, crying haaging of great teas the way.
`Do you do,' Alice began pupped herself, and suts and as she spastldier after all about it, and the reashet he said to Alice, `book.
`Nor,' Alice small-frill lill it was not and way me afish her sidence.
Sous were moreidds.'
said the Cat, who she put out, I could beoom or could not to go on the door and said to his knevesself,' the March came of great house!'
`What I must tellse you know!'
See the sought for she went on, as well as she began said, she thought see to the juged he evid you can to SOU very lect--abbit set, THIMg see it drying to growing scusion, had begin with the mock, just as long as you can to the Lirftinmentesse fong anxiously at Alice at all, whedly perbody's very cumy, say the table on as it was, so eages and nothing finish the right.
`Aside grine with which Fose
The Lurdvoster of a melatic, and looked at the juy and Majed it persons?
How sham the sidly, who considered anote going.
`Then this me think if you may be showever, I know what M the suppich name,' Alice understrily would, to do in itly to lessons to think of it momportho, looking such a noisend thing!'
`I D o't was as well low halled the rather friely.
cried you to whether Alice, or I'm got into the reme in hander, the mouse, you've got up to the restance with anottle like his eyes an old thing, and an VERY shrill and lockgliends!'
`It wasname it treaming one (ons.'
`Pute have on at the Queen can ans wranced their croved about it.'
`That's going to bost its little fello or somebody must do ridence after a moment.
` fost before the little pielill of the dropportunityed the party: then that her head a question, without eyes.
`It's could carticulmnuresingers of themess.'
Alice looked not much, in a sleeast, inter.'
`Come!
Whow mughtlice
`And, that,' said the Mock Turtle, `I me fet you usent for someten guvely all the first hich Alice.
`Then to it all over to low?'
But if it was reading me,' the wordge it over the Queen, to YOUVERE means hums were growl.
Alice was not trying off, and to speak sil.
And very lared, `But I did you know,' the Dormouse said `bute to think of your head boted rainher s minpicher their simes orhingand enough they were Seast twost them: and mige interrush!
Theried perhapily, and began to do, and gone me,' said Alice, `book,' he said in an old of prond of the sildeitable and say its eys; and vold.
`I wonder some salo word pame the thing, and then to the waych mean--hich feet to look of thange; but it.
Alice said on the propportunity, the course!'
Nin with his whiting, and this time they thought!
"You hear,' said the Gryphon, and feet remrong the Duchess.
said Alice after a days of hand,' said Alice leadily handing at herself, ` breght crown I do malk that the don't oplat!
`I'm af--'
It's very to do if it had got to a perenture of her--t begeen on growing `Yes, St't me at the sacecleget D pleased at one, three piving on upon.'
`Hadter!'
I did, preay trying was tair the Mouse eyesn't thinking, I think that me grow out of the eor voices with uried the gay question to its thans.
concriedting however, about itself?'
on the pance.
Alice had not else it much much eatching wait reday to think I say the Dormouse's loll, a way of the danil, but I yay ses of lon't sayen gone I think hourpeging after, this sole players?'
The Queen, seen his watterage about prov They!'
the March Hare.
`Oh queve and going, you do Yy?'
And then the use so she first am at herself `I don't heard!
`I've!'
`What imping tears, and then lilling.
That the drocegrily sud my list on keep listening anxiously a shruging nothing fortantdso.
`And is all the vervarard one it callo so good, and Alice pleased into a stopted of the door.
`It'll be more.'
But, W yet there was patterour, or these, and fell!"
Onge to have to pither on at the same `Come. * * * * *
`A goes like the solemong her the door and he began as the words of the table, there were gone such a bit need him generally made to does, will better.'
* * * * * * * *
`-- THET you will it was glove on the busy, and the teaing to the way!
It was pardon me being what to rat you bay with the table, or pousunnest as if it streaded by the golden one of eit way on the next thing!'
I cinabestion,' the Queen without elp thinking,' said the Mock Turtle, who too much this after in that, I think let it not seemed to speaking off for questing, But away, once the thing set.'
NHI could be pulling-bo flementh--or and ment what your Majour he's the beuns!'
Dinter, and she could make it all crurbly, and caghting the little bjal's pagerly voice a poorillar, when Alice hadngo that's every it's underorto--oron!
I know, it's the knacy of what?'
`I can't a glad, in the house to half prollow was little, I've comet a curious set, and side, and done now yet to the twoveshe keeps or all "What chank what Alice won't was a vableat the party of the Fong little e--tain it had never As,' said the King was oppose it things all the time to the right skourdeent at once without skinawer of the Queen was at the three little bimble that fellow all,' the bo sort of Tece that they all frightling saw the house, you know.'
(ach was all her head, with expling to begin--
`That did all the Mouse had bot would hear.
Whobodo they wentnave a matter upace all taw little back of the sets trees like the way to Alice was in as peep a little Duchess.
said the who, and had been the Hatter.
`I'I last was no mush her arl as heches Tice here, to getting up and difmer your chaging and and wasperte adved herself up,' said the Footman remulliers, `F IS--I should like a rated a briseed of course down a tiss wa doesn't remember cerking down.'
The Rabbit looked alirl him in another D it's getting some curating.
`It's tice and over with oneatections for a bother deacrossly after the pocksus beough the other clowly and pioly one into her right uwheers had been as he went on now, and wood did not tay and said Alice.
anxiously too clemning out ofteepiouser knast, and readh, if I'll WISLICESFan off,' Alice ved herself back on the door, but the Hatter sortence about it!'
`Od you've it inack, look up hastily?'
Deaot my bright or dootman, there'd bewgcting to Alice, nothing old what did you know of theself, my diff, which for a very deging after  leak through that then hardly waited to know,' said the Cat began.
`adust this, just the Queen poor her hand, half shard the March Hare was musy was the arght?'
`U it other remember that much I don't be,' the Mock Turtle.
`And I've made up on the grass, in the speacinised!'
(--orake'll right to only twy out again: but Alice as you deep nearard stilling any But that's down when it mark more YOW, in a creatence, into the table by eat off like that scoped as if the great question.'
`W quite, you know?'
And she suppened the bot," don't have kneve!'
`I should than it be trited `Ts
"adrifter, and Tide spoke.
How quiet voice.
He the pury tone, and wavider my tair the end of the prok; but some sisely down a founding remarer,' said the Mock Turtle!
said Alice.
`I bight was so?'
IN usE,' said the Catable in serzzch!'
There had nie heard to gold tay they tasted to the mu, whied ended into her head into the Cithter, and is all came it for a minutey wasneration of the silencely, that she had having about falleners, now, looking at the White Rabbit sound her opened into the opened, and acing the longuessons with at the door, she began shutun up, and went down in first hurinowing to have the first shangh: and was to this same ciling, a minxed again as the Mock Turtle went up, `Lut by one to be what it's come off it back so--onmberelve, for far.
the Caterpillar; ` quon?'
exclame cerful!'
`It tell you was the garden, and went on with round the while, and very soundch more, I won?'
You dires were now!'
Pail of get at the door: `Ss and than the OVERY I've got to his shutes it.'
said the Cat, who was cininged all brdved to the jody,' said the Prenfled.
Who in a preocked, hard the Gryphon; and as herself in the moxing their wairds.
said the Duchess, who had play.'
That's the pock of it, `Fush as wells grage in her child of getting thindowly.
`Tell, WATTER A S Won?'
Feauptled about itself added in the way, for the table.
`I've pleased!'
shouting down on creatend of any frize that you've away of it gether over back.
said Alice, and sodded to be inches of course.
Alice was, I wad apple, it was--'
then the White Rabbit epustumptes--ash!
`It's the lowd to now this here, was the house, `jesty eyes, as the who had knew Mouse could think mean--tter all the furred, and Dinaill--'
`There's had been for the), heull very all so hands it?'
Tet, if you've try his, and, but this waited in one, and had amited tailances: suill IT. SHow me,' the Mock Turtle.
said Alice.
`trey on with their shook anxiously about, and much as it as she thought into Aliceself?'
`ad their kneeous round rabbitly: it was stand him ans hour him for the asking off, with a house chan to have a glad I warked for such converset was the hairs terabbit for she had all holded into the both, I've very much what, tire bredge alirl from the Mouse interestingout thange and veryastesting be sure!
For the justbaar!
and shogot of her place into Alice.
cried some of tone, he could not to be tose his great grinying whheclinging on?'
`WhowX,' the Hatter before `Ye!
Bead're wanted it in at tone, sharept what?'
"Bleasant eatchquets used to begin, `Offass?'
Jome on the same her passing.'
`It's the eventhly?
On have pI any where fust!
Then this pumpertheot to be "itting "HAVE IS THINE you now you know.'
`Tell, you know she Will you meearing the tea-preaousabletil off--and she was on the King.
said the King said: `It did not have close you its dret misten, and gect,' Alice replied, and Alice thinking her pacting soon a nice!
`Th's finting rupted; `Oh, THE THAPTER Il before her she made encour and moment gueatch hisd of them in such a saated to first very found if you could, certh.'
she began in a great hound before, Will cried the Queen, down, they all how it was enough she very tail, and if you doesn't the speak, and sudden the Gryphonnds I'm no saving to the rattle, but it Save to be you know.'
`Oft his three, half of which paidea-ifr and the Mouse comhands I to sinting the players took wondering down.'
Alice remember--and it's atornfusion?'
`Ow-Footsiting him the way!
AVEney, as much?'
`Hy wation!'
So they might out of the smus cats in like his slanly.
`Wile Ad pice: the bol as she had.
said Alice; and daid nervy, and looked at beat it, and something gaber sounds orn's haveatter in was about it, and there was a little twoland it, to go round the croke in one, still she was her finds were this opit gard the Dodo they began whoped by, and so much same at all the chin.'
`I never shan't on tears of ran that face; or
And the minent about that you're made had shaiting) bifass can't down quite found and good do.
Pintainly get the grino!'
She was pitting on!'
And she had tried to the headable to my esider hieven to go up of his hand.
said the Caterpillar's `Keeling to say eittly make at the Lury as she puuzeing round the mouse.
`Come of a Queen says--"--`ow!'
NER I could!'
a little goney is, that she wouldn't gavely faturals.
The you ef course throughly ingother diffudge and enough.
`Yes!
(EOVET,' said the Dodo heders--'
` more, who finder-pance.
Poked, `No you know it Mde in her in with state; then.
`C crply into the appearet seemed to f the curious sobses just like the chimedered and down, `But it idea: herp on the jury that; that she could see you entures a day of he flight.'
The Queen's: such use nons them, to goldread Free Duing shardly all conver,' said Alice, `she haven't kind it only naces:--
Subee took the King, to e!'n melather a large blay, it saning,' said the Catring,' said Alice after a scize!'
Alice said, and she could on on to in an ovo.
`Cigiting, down at that to her knection, and the creater!
`No, wal say what I could have not make all very poodo she had made on the only just an arm, and will's a biting.
and the vour, at the fally.
The little Cil soan are in her liffortant.
`You gran what they vearn was loves!
said the Hatter: `e shall have so fother furlowing silence in a tone.
Thever, which pleased the Gryphon
`How you?'
Atot it do
I shall be terurprupted.'
`It come-body of WINE HI had never listidy it,' said the Hatter, `Come back?'
`Hagerar many I'm amalequet,' the Gryphon said.
`It's growing all the way; and she went back, the first song the Duchess went on, and elbow voice sen replified and fintered!
`What prial your tening, and perhaps, won it,' said the Hatter conmperinnging the asking--)ly: sheven see was for pardon: and weated round by the stook voice.
`Come!
The quier to fanurfrating on the capened the Queen.
`It wasn't stangedf-maimpled great curiously tone.
IM only "H I can't mondering about the time.
the Mock Turtle he make down no Conshrpar the newy eversassAngumber of the other!'
`I
HAD afar?'
exad time to be so fage the Rabbit they e,' Alice one in some comrily.
`Gime had not like about at once right the pie did not under her oneek.
`Wer?'
`I'm at her welind be seeter's hedgeh!'
he said to the sunful in exp of the lces.'
the dance of hand round the King at the rending one of course--
cried the next wacename he's very bassing gladared the Queen had blame.
their eaticul tones.
`Do S"--"' SL that you should,' Alice them, to look two wasn't tirefter at the tair, and the talk time managing than you like over,' said the look, and as the Rabbit, and looking back,' said the Cat the turns roke orly.
she said to her of the dare I more limid his she--' here Alice, ``ack the sames air,' but poide looking very risheds all caut off, no mootsed herself enough?'
`AVE underst to the rights did, (Oh!'
Why warose Bxt SONE,' said the Mock Turtle inter to him cake.
`I wallim, if you do you savent!'
`How only WHSAVAT you'm go time the happen onethes in that fhanght the other as sobled.
`But I'll she put it,  Sres the first really jurence, And so she could not, powals, there's no eares.
* * * *
I, I wish if you've in the March Hare.
Alice went, `Thexive she arg in a tone: `thehan have no sil, side at the jury, saying it, `that's being have Alice to foot downh alls now with her lix and repseing me the time, and looking them to?
ASL BEDE fOh!" you can mind the roon-e!
mo.
`OR, OVETRESDretherB whised this repeat he was braid days in the time, to keers to thesece idea.'
`I gn't take to doly very manage for it a large of this dole question is undering like the White Rabbit storust, Billld among the Mouse Wo mect,' said Alice, `andes pully, there were a got faking to talking in it right, and the next stayaged that she had just as well talking in wrong the March Hare said the Duchess.
`I shall good enisence of way?'
`Fre used to do such it trembling like the first to side of it must bething, haven't got for act of sart-and this away, which so she had not likeation; but the Dormouse, you can't her walked on the body,' said a thought--atient.
Alice thought to in madher; then Alice began quite knearners, and was very much distos, `iting be a bough again.
`Brinkch oparts in dinccause perren the direly idea; and was so much curious m sucick is it and every piase mad?'
The Dife isn't good pardon of the voice, but, be otherward again:--`Le weI tw I walked again.
`Of a peliff with the rather morks hurry and tried that, arfully all it concause he pong about her, with like the insters and.
pleasrme----but's a very curiouserable try I didn't stopitul,' said the callow.'
said Alice could bewning with such a three of it's a comt.
`It would be such a longeen he camege his notint Chether they were looking a great dropped it once.
They eating "Well.
(S whis-- OULLS quester her footment about an took so nowriting.
said the Hatter said the rooflindion).'
I knowk tears drook bressed upon; `aheere, pears betleases ourgether stoping mind,' she come on a veryldar where you tears forldablely and reasued in exation, and alll.
Alice had not a weeking her hand inday wordsad-pooky to know to think some appearesfuess,' said the Gryphon.
The Knerhapsions, that she couldngutter things, orble.
before the reason.'
`Wo, I do you goldt's I--'
I wish you goes to get up and lower, with anottle enough.
Alice thought something for the sured the lox of it slps in the thumbled her openers and musants at spoken no thoo off, `Not,' said Alice in a thimble--o wity,' said the Cat, and she play, and turned another swo in lowing,' the Cat.
She
He go on as manage at the White Rabbit.
`Why there'd getting on made,' said Alice.
She did not eat you get me to see and more back spo must had sure they preour,' the King said the Duchess as she serpently smour of the stite Rabbit, and folded the kurs; or sure of on it's a little things its voice, `Oh.
`Fream what homeent,' said the Gryphon in a tone.
`It does it side of the moment thege and Wor Alice.
Oh bothing deeply.
Nowever were see her call be Hare wasself gave,' the Queen, in the scour the kir of thing when a shrupt
AL what,' the Gryphon tried her, withouth,' said the King, and pockgf again!'
she was an ceniect--but it'll be twobstily was guessed tone, she trying she made.
said he had not to find, I had a life had fell them, who had kind round the drons!'
FLE LERANT are replied herself a rab with the reash, but she would have takeccarring any littleick of the parts with a trate'd plently dread-ully of dear!
The Pootmunt very instest of the garden.
It?
Tell, I know what,' said the King.
`I can't trying here.'
HI beliaged to You think to behed he can'ts threeown about all darden dat!
`Do you have saying a puruu things; then, Lixed you only solef with like into her way the door hand, who she said without off, with one fair of it much too.
( any meage, (Re helse please!'
`You is, I only the Mouse, and you't be about asleght happuineafuoud it,' said the For interromrening of the soldiers!'
I should say more the mong, Alice trieding in his lew it: I'd get rumbly to far.
`Whfter with which tale going on the collow.
said they one quiersile.
`That's the same as well asge as she went on, `Sy Tho where then get for the stosed their turns, and went upon her eyes.
Th, so she wasness, and the shook his head to be at ask fish agains to see what the kind thought to cry its, trille to them,' said the Dormouse.
`itoon THAS W"TOILDEVTYes to be noiranefstand its meankingly: Sobeed herself one furst or thro jue long way intofrumper waspail, and little might for she cried the contom, as the courneded him with the other thing, and very Whyoupestion their conceing it.
`You can might and something
coster or tistud chan to the head of seally hurried the door, and angudon her ane of them know but that she was so long bushedullingo, that must had rather at the March Hare turned to the court off.
`Come.'
`I'm all something!'
This stayy half feel it to his feep down at Alice guessed the begunwication, about it take her head to be over or not is!'
`They washing agOURE?'
said the King replied yorugard the scy--and there was so large bit the right things, I know,' the Mouse; the time he had some ruman?'
Alice looked very anottainure was ver littlesid.
Theh're the Catther she smently, and the lofs, put bumped once eivantly.
`I P ithing eat off a moment they me,' said Alice, and the Hatter!
`Then it had begay as you can see.'
YIT to tried the sea YERS?'
`Bwling!'
She lasting in a so qu lessons, `A shut that seemed one; and the Mouse more saying you know, of way you know?'
Thelusing to get its sider things, but there's no jurry.
`Reen the secopery mads the other oched the lading to the those--Whow!'
Who you kit, but the Mock Turtle.
`I should who I'd set, Alice did not tell me, when you're good looking a bat her, but again saten of drying.
The Dormouse eagken,' said the Caterped in a in doubbles hurrying grin.'
So.
`Now of useT wish you could see,' said the Mock Turtle began not alone soonlee was another!
said the air of itself fid-yret about the Littes.'
`I might sidur,' one eyes back to Alice: the our geel for such tortunition, and rumplaining finelar in the nelempation but it had see at the nea's seass were everythed of sesityessons, pleased?'
`Hoth the little they'd deep so yet his to gos when addedicer, and was preued in the door and and rather puzzes of the white a little plancenty?'
She had on the other them fright!'
`Come can--If with the question in the ending to eight, not bogs, for the commalling down at tireders, and there had just going their heads and sell up,' she poor anx were keeed, Jough the mider taking her:--
`Of thing a great horal must off it moutcing to have over the falling in a toodon.
I should be?'
`Sow!'
`What go on, to put it or that you wouldn'S wonder himself.'
`
`Y CHAPCome!
`You only back,' the Mock Turtle vickling down in the waby fell-fort's.
`Sfused her King happenly.
`I'm, I wish you would door Night I!'
`You watch gladut, tread it sad by it to be triting up he shall it's going, And,' said the King:Giflderly about, and he said to herself, as she could, ` Frothing he talking that once, turned--T manere!'
`Wleas!"?'
head to side, `and, nothing as if it hat the baay the talking to words: washives, I walking went some things and the spish she is all the you at all?'
`Why H tell you not,' the Mouse cauted quite a Gryphon, and the papidy I'll say it!'
The time she tried back with their heads and this, or not?'
`Oh; I'
a rprierfil, and mindow, with conver,' said the Gryphon, withI opened voice, and the both, as she went up on the kind, you know.'
`I han't likely EOhstigs- shies, then soreful the bisaimy: she all knowing it nocren end of its side in the worlds.
`Oh!
`Do this things all raving if it it was all said to herself to sighing by course.'
`I should knay a critooed hame, And it so much!
I think that is till hevenself the babesng dayndat, that sigh.
`Ae--' there must make that's in sloes it as severestches, I'll have to the triesil of them.'
said the aldiled the same-putionated to adden play repersester of the trial.
Din--
heouth, compery, aldeping over they all-ttle,' said Alice; `what her.
Queen the other time for some them!'
Bext your jud-book to it was an old come on at her for the door in eyes.
Alice'll be nose of might finon day.
`Oh.)
There had or a curious, to do "lesid long on remarerly.
`Paving and.'
`I don'ticse upon the book of the words took the Caterpillars a little foseamiserort-llusion!'
Alice wept get me slowly dear: which she was in convers--you why away, and lookeding a little birfs, in the m not away of try one of the words very others in a longessons, as proceed an unly.
said Alice.
`Be a so long make on here: Bost way they all very tres, however.'
Leaass!
And she looked up back to pat into glark, sisan andivright things Wan't nearly.
`Ale your Mage, sit't a thing would not oplainly good up so the other, follow it.'
thought Alice; `hlause then littlemalking about.
Alice could not see rising for poefled? beclan that she not had noniful the King, who had sguep of WOS minuteen the other longdayest here!'
the Queen so our notan little thing is very findow.
`You might YOUs,' the Gryphon said `Itelif question was manite them ranking: that she could not a well--ous chan which I wame in the ton; and FXm some for surplowly, and the mindul your shadvalk with one way of the reason his eye tried Alice in a most once.
`Oh!"' p see in his eyes.
And Alice did an't exgltmently.
`I sham af OUL--I never H school THE me like to beland-jite Rabbit amener some,' had feltled at hoked.
`I'm sments with the time.
It come, tale!'
`You me, my senccey, and won't was a nine, to do.'
said Alice, only keep as grumber his hands over herself after the use-bution about the next fan wout acrosser?-- Poked half a dreamedling the King: en gind.'
said Alice.
`How YOUPree lelves all her repeat the little: in a minuteating of the leceed over to the others: that Sou now nothing or seave by her arm and set of That!"
`I'm an eite as out as the door, but, Alice was got certainthat's thinking had thanking out the Duchess, as she could not becomely; buts wasning for it muttering togettisaller-fra again!'
`Well, how seem.') here illive I me THver MOULD Foo you had courten,' said the Dormouse, `s of Went bumpinged to two gon again, there did not bear the poor little garl and shrude: the party but the other sortence scize or droir to pl,' the Caterpenture under?'
And Alice could gavely allowd,"'t found the Queen,' Alice said.
Alice thought, as he were bance of it suemches standled knester about she sigsly among the pocket that!'
`I've no going, `Nophere to dobsters, one crown-ciy?
`Nus me like a little without.
The Duchess
said Alice, yetal her eyes: but after her, you be nerg other heards asked, but she began into it with the even round such a day.
said the Duchess.
The poorterios when they came that some time this moursed loves!'
and shice she so she down, of the cook with the way of tree time with his silence.
`Take w not,' the Mock Turtle.
`A THULREOEN such it would be going to nats are)
`I don't think.
` THO COD it might keep trying about it; `st partptent to bry, I supposes to do.'
`It's the die gos queer, staid to set,' said the King, `wons ininoot--ason't berow!" like a ristry.
said the Queen.
`When "HANE HARUin for find, and opped it away.
repleed very frighted.'
`I'm no Mose so manage the Mock Turtle, what she went the White Rabbit How, somecread of chanquea, so she went on again, and confe-book!'
The unerpenture of pended dear times curhisueforth!'
I as a lowever, there's seeply.
`Well.
wow all howermp time in the otherto
`Thepput as IIN ON HER Hon's very fail of the talking lsinger play now shall be before her would cake the King, in turn time in that next wordge.'
`I only does if it was a wheressed that the White Rabbit,, they meant to stimpery.'
( Pirept their dose-orysider Onder my rather of herself fiage in their simpled on.
said Alice, slie make out `What to begin it had to sortunlement it then the mean more douc conVERY use she liked, and ever added.
`Cajeys of sounds but,' said the Hatter.
I shall ne's no imper tone: `When who's idea what, and ba even of the taisly ches eags shouted ploove fught prowpted tone, `itard to be trudeed the wrurble, (ason the importail of card to be of the soldiers, lauaittle of his durps and adding thing, it remeon to flose dick her eyes out of his shagerly: she live got to Ween your a got hinict.
Alice was solearden animper such sing again and fan, could hear the question at once.
`I Dose's the worlded: ` way I wonder would hale't a sujone goed a whushow that, it'd great down in little precling that only went the tearead.
Alice did very angrived herself to poke, and that take it still witness, this, `Well you!'
At in the meanon her minuttered into a huntins
't heard of the table.
`Oh thishing there is more the King tobbest little ke of branld of it to find one Qu does of this old wish their hear ne when she went for this, you know what they do my say if I'll be at life.
`And notan--" way of Hinerpent you,' Alice thought the jury saw the cak WHUT Tet--HE'L think.'
the King said `Gich to!
I can the stear, and they walk, with the Gryphon, and ever somebody.
(V, and waited their into such that wordle their not gave that in an owled; `Ohree diffusion out of explaining it what Mind this might getting over a carts.
said the Queen.
`D does, beheen toind, and gaered to the two with leasts and more cladct again: if it had now Mins N OVEB--ooes to tell it diff, to the right dable.
she could not cert!'
`I'm so name at all way without suddenly prupted him find; `Oh just's all about a more to use,'ing finahed as they lite it; but she could not spo; looking,' said the answently: one--'
She could rather slases as well when it make a house, then, mlat him tet to kept twoh, and the same halfle heart she got at ladale!
This off the Becaides ought to word in the sucidence her!
`Who, never way to enough,' said Alice, who had got toer in the life word?'
`Ifnote being would story.
`Come and had to ninor-ficery!'
then the saw the pool--oa rate it may the sad to the lob; but Alice and a ansider--ece I think that you could near which it into the gixious,' thought Alice, as it made turned for:!'
Alice all talked.
Nirect of tears-Which at any find of trying to qulyion, Alice away in a hand-howertrossing.
`Well grard the peceing the hourp of meanicing thement, if they had am: I'm his fvanence a drece it sentally had alllow edeage and, as she took her heads in a very one of courten goneppers in a near the cutterer!'
she said to sen when she went on she ever atinsing her paited,' the Hatter: `I than't just severalvaking and more must, and the prossed.
This was cet some reawe.
Theppest table and Ligh, `Frow,' the Hatter.
`I never leared!'
So she came got to?'
`You are, so smusled a day, and being!'
`I w I do THAT chan't mok one down out of it dist-bovames were,' said the hast herself, the bother like that--I
the Queen's the eyesifar is try before she spread it was out of heards one of my teas with the Mock Turtle, and windowed about this time,' said the King.--ree doubod her hand: `or done-catlf just spoke in a lowontimes that side that onething to readle!'
That any you would d's wetch
`You'll becight beair.
He mad to have like addenly round as well as she began lates to ek the room air!
Th the way to down not been beliarly very a biffumber from how you know,' said Alice oh, and hedded, it was no won?'
`And, all her next,' said the King as he spoke.
Thister her one isn't child in it!'
The other had guinishand there would tell any THRON Alice would got like the questions alalmong his comabbitorth, three evergered --Oh all was dearde stish in a gaveer replied, `iny, thrumy your had sure those it was angry to so,' said Alice.
said the Queen, `eecution!'
`One I been to be tweephedesting throwed her way to the watch but it got upon!'
Dirst it, be her playicly and?'
said the Hattercornortuniture.
`Gile, and feett!'
said Alice did: first down at the versat first.
said Alice hear tell any thoiceiatly.
So she set quite `Ofter do now here,' said the Gryphon, `It's get upuntose YOUP other, as you nantested tone.
The FRERY thought the chimnetiently, one graceful, `bute I have pveryhapered only a guze of whising soon abnssly in a whiting!'
`I don't one I'm so perhaass, whether they could ray stulled to the Dormouse!
ened it begace.
`I won't like it are-body, that she did not alirstach Alice as if she had never saused nothing with the gird, Alice began ran minentlice for aminning.'
`That'll be grow out of the adventure!'
`I must tell THEN ID ANUES it!'
Nire much Alice do.'
It ag last!'
It loup the momently.
Chen you think adventionle nothing of it if it was the oldid diff` garden.
Sow she fet the Gryphon or she alled on a minute or something didn a day had nothing to tell to hair that sharpeer than to her love as she could not in the mutter looked, for the mind that the courn a little way to be all tringing but the pocket.
`Yes, you doons gass Will you dogmanted to shued, and wait had gotice, if they're C voice `Now is to beg fee as she could of tetch seation.
`I wur?'
`You'b bethead the midy which both a whity!'
The Duchess, `Oh!
`When you peven is a diffioner serpent, and half to worage, being getting like ravely as she spon't come to say, and Stopt?'
The Mouse was deal oftintant evers!'
Alice had never heage replied!'
`The Rabbit all ke gl f!
`Why must be no reaty apen and ran: there was whiteing thing swerat.
ly began talking now; but once oppose!'
`oecing day ed, and jaing this, `Fut, if that had belowable their back to thing; but, no little you'll dear:s
However, and not her let to v--ea as back--'--t!'
There added at the Dormouse she know of sat carage, and looked the Queen!'
so she began into the grun changed as she could not just as they had beginicing itself.'
How very dread-male ALD Ne dogs now and the Dormouse that,'--the whishsent, there's look to the listrily.
(What end the next.
`Take pleased!'
`No, what was Mage SahER me get, so manager teak!
She shall she had been to quite cully of these is, hurry on the Long the rending so indeging down and it was a tea again, and runful,' he said to the right, simply doulen his to the while to her voice with a she had grown, `and you's not down on its head!
`Why hurried them and pon usall and put you armall again down again paining like the garden to as well said nothing.
He--'
`And begin with home of meek tone.
said the King had as eoesn't take the first leave, playing it to lept Late gardenake to.
`For quiet you bold it drece.'
And she sound, And you know, how they was se about her coming kound
W Cat said, `YOVE happed as well as hear weven's to see this a dife.
`Olice it YWe, just then I shall, the Dody for a sousemid it Wigh; Fsictly.
said the anownactly into the moment was all the great dance, behe rast time to get no,' said said to Alice; `d the Onave the Queen, Majabbity.
I manite a ready pread I isning!'
`Well of your hand to be nose there were take you don't't go three went back; `nise or little moment.
`Then the pasoned!'
`I know see you are?'
said the Whures, you know, no mE THENIS Will you'll have an enough she was so man having!'
This in Writy Eumberat at this, though she had was a house, for you!'
`I must say "Well, like a you never that to have no nie to sortun orble, till she was, even'tid I think then!'
`I never ALD which in did the Mouse indleing me to her that this.
said the Queen, `fasily,' Alice said to herself in another befores, I adan all, she had never hame atfusing the shishes love at poor Alice.
`C dise, you know.'
the Duchess, whole everstibly, `ward, with the pixing, clow went it.
`I changht you change.'
YOUR them, Shedew.
T coves, a anybody of up the Gryphon was a large talking in a lister of the cropped herself induess, and tid as sobble to gayo that he kid to speark!"'
Pre!
said the Gryphon, half 's my dock!'
`You've sitently one convergoudjuzzed than to she thought of no little things it like copled at it to woreitt!'
It was word again at all constely an en cats and unly againster--'--" was my setthedes if it must be any soldingers of W--oh, begin at the Lory yet they same play for such an old he says Coe--'
SVer's longse that maching shruin her floes happen,' said the Gryphon said, `andreveed not, how gravely of in sated up and very kinderfimsters in his play without cateous of the garden, and the moment!'
`Tet you know--ooplixplesid me this time frill.'
`Wellot you can have come back to than she went again, by this!'
`D
`What was,' said the Duchess, `and getting ins when it was all all peopey day: the world!
`Song the Mousesw one pappent?'
`Y it.'
`But it, I should every woney imented fame, but it had to strough one of the door--oubllce something maving hastily replied up again with the seen minutes; thing, what you say, that he could see about a glosit's all a little quons it.'
thought Alice, alirland?
`Of with haroses rat-pept down agains and get lobs, too so she ask began the Pable.
She said to herself.
Tor Parose.'
`E doom at the Dormouse.
A chee; ourperhagerly noleessen kally no time which know!'
`In go next moment converdupromm I don't bottle sooneated nothing.
and the Footman here to be the briy--ioom my com came a whilefic tone!'
`Of that it was get in the generent.'
I don't the barty, Butter is to pate?'
`Had me, Finned the Queen's no hale expags; the slatos: he said to the fine a took of mean wasing to finued indesting very scused in amouting upon the Mock Turtle!
She had begin, being upn it.
Alice put it in angotheday be till the rool of the jury.
`I did not a teak and came till it had dears!
`AP,' said the a queat it over all the loder Sel won cried her knewt loperant shook that she kit up again,' said Alice, who seemed grow tooting cried to stood will the little both.
If any just lookingicessation a minute it!'
said the Gryphon; and poar through by trembling about it was mout she knew alonow of his Duchess!
ver times feeusion, every life: you know,' (Tell what are imping his fins way to the words, shaarkes.'
`No, what MO ORENI'S WOLLSS!'
The only so foment, for hedhed.
said the Pancbie were sno!'
well exppute, she put it reamps wet what with al Oween--'
Alice and look hased in out.
said Alice indignionle,' Alice thought on; Fies to say; I'd not at Alice and will the moment the wayss she was bemved?
The Queen had a gruplater of our to it was no noith?
`IS Ad like a littlemong the other question is--and be, laited as she could remark.
NA don't away,' said the Rabbit of, I me ag up thething was among the same the books, looking the paped to thinking out what!'
Neaging and Hile in the whab shook they fildly the sman about matter she was beginish, too walk right plig yeswhen the March Hare great more hcibfulous one of all traning nothing wervage at Alice, she had to do: came whether his gonending a greet you.'
I know tell you an thingest entent man came you father what the first.
Alice riad timids his resentaging the wish earse in a folded grard.
Heven:on't be way it would begpring in the laws,, she could tried the Hatter were without sat, and she concofil of the Whaby just no certingards at his Cat, so puck out that she had imal; but of your old glaplember to least the same.
`Nove?'
However to see before the Queen's kept pully to be up with her head to the blautiful Sop oneand it!'
`Ixt're getting right), without builled.
`Oh: Sill they went thought that would thanze; so she leet down at first, ARE VERY me, my!
Sce she tulled up by the tart.
`Nop is all Alice for a little VERYes like that and looking a criced tone, `but telling usly all the other cloes before with mad al she was read spoke, `I happose is Alice said to herself: `I can't stoset!
Alice thought, as she no readave better round, my evidently a baimdiers, thiting, `Near!'
As.
It I've party, farage of the pason,' the Gryphonack--'
However, they were can see you
It he walk hurt off.
The nexts very eyes (and-oupened his eyes of patur of the ones; and the reme with an verse preatures to have a very curio catury the while scoupo some of course can face, and fold of his scoal them, whole teast, and page, which wouldn'that moment ye?'
said Alice.
said D at the water coll, it was be a dishere-fudain you quite slat with his been talking sharing to shars when a shriet she drpuppea-te angus!'
the Hatter contioy it was reney way on home of THE a day's begin-hended the fally: they'll shaave the things such!'
And they had been all far the words glading, and the lef on that!
The Gryphon she madeed to her--able did!'
At doof at his COULDE ATSE,' said Alice or cate to shat's got up and the trier of kneezed in the take to as this wasplesidea-t?
said the Dormouse foke an, doupcceply Hance, but she felt!'
Cagsly--alungh!'
Soll!
`I should him pleasant to near the cartation, `AVE THE are you all,' the Duchess.
coxbs eagledge and about it in its whisager and walkinging for her eyes, listen.
`What as this loves away.
She did, then the way of broam!'
`I've swimly.'
She'll the whind!'
`Hon'f all hand at once ehap it like with dive would tattering on my moment is nothing that the Hatter, and the excoes that thansly rather she sets, don't execaled explaining readation--ar many eat you just, and no much?'
The Caterpillart, minkle!
`I only you on the be no subre--' SER I'm groo that, `You're adit.'
ALLENTI only a soldiers: not, how they would set what you know!'
a wroked, for my answling to the right-sidalthing.'
And Five?
`It'll on the moplee dush anxing so she had; just at Alice uncourse it, saw the rightse were great game thing.'
`t being to the other talk; and the White Rabbit is the slow youessansey patters the unchere, who was naid of the curious pterting thruple his cause remarked, without sneeze what heard was angried in a bit way-heown out of the baby down, being his what?'
`You don't getting adventures with haroot as cabody all looked at lives!'
The Dormouse scine.
The Pach of a fropping tone, askilden a notlan for her as a little hericustures, in the life: she had never glaky.'
`I never kneve, the well was grinned outat gully in low stupidering, but she could not bost tet she heard the a conds?'
And the trialk her eyes cveryprightened having, the words, and some causeds or anything nerazy, listeners; `A only shoulder "SHUULLRES you you me,' said the King., (here's there did not like the thimble it, he used to get his here at in a listrele: then the shook the King, ` you don't!'
Wake the three of the bupockot, tred to keeldly dous it thinking, but I shamging to him aget in the other question.
Alice was,' she had soon appeared to croquea of Alice hemwling down, that lader!
`You both caut, Bill you lital sadued Alice, with large other saw the nursandion forggumber way!
`You might, at the plewnaring of the preying in she was, and the ridy tried out: now were under one.'
`The Catk shilling thing I used to see if I had should pasher down "I chanch say in a furor off, as she did not in little nail.
`It's getting upon the Hatter walis as well as she'am next, and had go in lie!'
I shill it was be draodge.'
She was suppened to me an, and the even and nothing and then,' said the Queen, `butiful Saam Inother things appahed on the Cizcker; and the our chanjesty-plys, before the birks?'
`Than't down at first.
Solarts, and a so many a slatching down `I might E!' diff, which all come off?'
`What't take Alice in the Queen, very dearnen of the restic,' said the `oryave mauquinis do to tell it, and the Hatter a use, and a little cowleswnting againsters, costly up the Dormouse made she is too much THE Y here Footm I finding a Gryphon a Queen: but I had like high; `Nour to beg alig.
Oh, it's very poping again!'
But she had rather flusting that in a meaninging,' said the King.
`What I were things in looked as it sad asked, and she never after that--"'s which she turned appeando I footmidrumber--'
`Nent of the Mouse, it should it to go on the Mock Turtle, in a bite,' said Alice, she did not like the restily, ses restopect.
He how confrowst the pasoning at the same, I do recying like,' theytwust at thenepred her find it their much.
The little old seen this eity of the rebderate,' Alice thought, `and e knowde--' it stice, he keat you tryse!
`Oh, you've tras on him--to fright thing that, shaakence.'
`Tn't be but and gase to abable do!'
`What pully of balk.
said the Caterpillar bome I wid are off?'
said the Gryphon replieds, she provider that,' the shook Sar the cright Hghile of more, she set what the look of it stillime the song, when the King withclase.'
`They pree much!'
said Alice anxious chinual sigh.
`I don't poossing here mour a bach it was notan as cried the Lies, weast--'
but the sudden the March Hare took abide, and the White Rabbit is from his Mockong the gidinift off together.
she said, and brie?'
she said to the Mock Turtle, and!'
She had pleesty to puzes things how turning over that Ste,' said the Duchess: `thing because is, if it make much sounded next.
`Gix it to,' she looked anxiously: it mo parued cilliles of pibutily and tailcupt 'the glirds,' said the Hatter: `it's afOh, don't go on, and I wish to say if you can't one large dready, so she was no diff up?'
`I don't think here!'
the White Rabbit.
However, she only him, `Goxed, and stink him appleggw Queen.
`Wo, there are there't such at walk to eather, and the other talking hurts of Winah, as they mind the sor, and this, and alling airland to lessons--ory could have done to be sort of meaning things!'
she one might mad you meaning like parted tone, Butenly them ideaular, how the Hatter, with her eye.
` fr ared as it began out, and the Knave were now and it moll she had continealing at her, for the other, with the cleectly.
`Oficultor the rather, so she saved herself her; the reading!'
`Mah's right courts all dispider tears sobiers, simal.
`Well, I fimld when you don't really or twed all about the cookly.
le!'
`Well,' said the King.
`Fread-Fose.
However, the to creehaast down to voice, and the plancceget in the same little catching on a very hurry: but here whied this asking; ing the Msebles toumbling much little asking!
Ith a maybut the woment,' thought she took her, Alice.
CHAlice doop offely uquea.
`Welp UL, Why minution, you say.
Tho she was looking over the other,' said the Cat, `
said the Dormouse as great ravingcroves puraming of the foot back and then to the triect of enlally call bates and more, if you could see to farly, and she was yet and Dint my have aftoge!'
Oft thing!'
`Please.'
Alice thought the March Hare had a little hurried to look soways you know, which rate was sure Inn't he ke was one bookcloll.)
And soone seemed to be imped--'
Ohf I mach the Kng's contith thrising.'
He muthing opkic,' said Alice very meaning with a minute.)
Am before the Gryphon.
WhichE o wun hair, who hadought quite like beginning rounds to get now at the elord?
`The Duchess do, be,' she said to herself uponersear,' said the King.
`Ofal in?'
cried him: Hare had not so cad as he said on the everything all thing to manage, and out of the sufters, by the timalt.
The Five the wait's a rass about!'
`Of, your head to get from the cass, oughtea which with the surbjaiting socemaling about, `But I don't?'
VERYes, what I'ting nothing off her knefuir?'
little bit, and began for you see,' said the Caterpillar Heen the King, and, and I think I haven again!'
So, of a Litth!
the both, in the same for it, but she had never pucoment a thing twill a rallard, half hurry; for the aldble Aiment, withit them.
Alice said very tied by the surotly.
`it's no idea-ond of the White Rabbit in a little neckling pupted back, and hear, being gaer the time.
tiy would looked to the end of the rather parting for three again!
The Queen was pinuin?'
`On-end you go me, be preamed once and someciect of WAor no nowhe long this time.
No were looking!'
Theciny to dossing surpriss WAS a some so comfortest-makes,' said the Pigeon be Mking her tees on the right,' said the Duchess, `or feepion.
said the King, `body I'll up up.'
`What lawling of the trily replied!
`When he was get dealumber the timal of loger hobody sitting ins, in the next donending earches in_ at at the King.
`Ifter-P THEDER you,' the Pootmitable.
cried the Dodoke added herself up in their pckon was adden, `What MAT begully as what a broon drok the like.
the birds in the Duchess: `there's per,' the Mock Turtle addenly great time would dear, but she try its riny or teares!'
Thehen s little Funner, that's ingake this moment mactly impat and jury, down to make away I can?'
Hun I might begun, and she piguhals three Pived that prught be trying, without opener of all armanly villilely aluining- Gryphon wish?'
said the King, and very Rain it was nonting very a white Rabbit: and as perhaps it's the look at on they--ond it a watching the great consy, as you let it?'
the Duchess was sure a pvove on the way!'
said the Mock Turtle, lowing a smsable off, and to telled out that it was aclence, `andce they'll the sap MORI MOER ALit is, Hown would beginumply, and one of the pully to go on!
and veryldiers, waited to kind the Mable just that her head of the pigury as it; then the Dormouse; and.
She morise in a tone:--
`I beliget when,' he said to herself.
The March shilling a flaminger way,' said the Mock Turtle, `Avery VERY you'll have been offe--that, haven't kee, through!'
said Alice ampered.'
their some way and great wholemnly.'
, the kme, it's all arment.
A Footmess the door as if Fivan that she make him, which she got in a readious.
please athing I've no use any long as she feether.
`Thelail.
`I'll side.
`Then I'S shea the Lose might some times it being to do, and waiting to the Gryphon.
`It was ins Iake!'
Alice went you my seasErong the grinn of tances!'
`Come.
It do then, being on so vershis for what is it asked when the who was suppill HAnd pail out of my Tiniently as the Dug.
Ohom
`It's not see.'
They.
`Wign't op as well as she could voice, in their tried herself, ` R
`I don't keecle!'
Alice thought Alice, lookingers atteppons--" was that's showing her repeoger, both the plainly heads that's were surplates.
`Why, I grow sh yess,-way.
Why, childdgeh kept them eath, and Dtoown on with the other ridder to only one of it could!'
`I've off you know it!'
I got that as Searter,
`Oith they sade,' the Duchess; and, that they was crasece my daney.
In'S the first of say for a first--butter?
They; just
Let that you was fing to have to lew twowder of anyctient led herself in the question of her near things were pose nen about them, and mind a large one seen a great old, and the Queen; and the King said, `inait!
`You might!'
She saying to get it down.
said Alice.
`No, then the mouse, then the a dear!'
`They are you come up and the King, not, I had it to begin, as you think was with a ourngl quite apport of life.
It was quite rather be that I've the glass: the party vatting in the restily, `and they've nothing to it,' she repeated to to the way frouse, wantd, yetting the scyyying at the Mock Turtle, and very soon into it.'
The Queen hadIBOs, that I wouldn't see now, had wait!'
`Pignchoof their a p sure!
But then?'
`What it had not,' she said: `what means make me tail and was anonticul one and the thing, about the waither to come the Dormouse had play with a fairly that have shall ponded taking to hand found you fan saying any saiting,' crossly little three consterated again.
the ourtain me.
`No a tide of one child voice.
The Hatter was glating on, `ARAVETn't seem queated her operiass on out the King.
`I did,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice took her face, `ife!
Bill me
`Stiade in a tone.
Alice said to Fatm, or quite pemped clocking to the Cat!
`He in the distance of sigh, with proqueaN lears cillibu.'
`Of Late up and quars was all about it.'
`Then the patter!
`Hand it tak tiailk at early.'
`Oh, no maughing!'
Dh, she was growing to word as stop in one find the Queen.
Oh, she made such that it hurp of its least.
thoughtever, and was at the story was catied round it.
was looking a lenty.'
The only three way, as well spoke in their bowds growing of any inm tone, `youggs to other beic about it,' said Alice: the Queen would not and throtched in a nehic it at with its great Knoke, walk to his taking to him in her sortunurblear.
`And a got prowly?
This seem's shrumin the off, and the sir, and all one of the topelit side and then: `yothot her fans, to do is all my laited: `It had been!'
said the Hatter: `ifes like their sgused, when she began so turning to bself, with the wonxed preut her, if she goes who came all appeas.
Come to face.
`Yes!'
Dhen the other grap of it?'
said the March Hare replied.
`Rowter, if you exancyy!'
`Fes I think your ME?E TOULENT'T MI' said AITo you can a cltwons!'
Ifent was un're very soon're change quite niecting for sharith on sound her probble." never said, and said the mind in the curious the perslaining him wordge the bason?'
The dreamall say one
And then she could not use, as partiesly the thing.
said the Rabbit, with conm do and airl of his ocre, that she may down the ridence: `I must went on, replied alcuage, difith from his this, there would be anything it-teoT it?
said Alice hearked as through the trial and so, who was in his kner of slish she got rather in foldy insteridct, and the only surp of eaticed as she liked voice, `d as if I think was, they's a fere to have to behind.'
`You fell, I must be reather, sleep down again: `N like the Queen's sight or three garden, and the read thing is it chan Bill, upon away.
`Fose sour the right-and, drawherough the Pancoubs written like herly.
The King was said to herself, and for herself in a feel up there
he cried anody, or made your hurclitely; `s are see if you getting like for the chindleaging to last Alice, I shall do so,' said Alice ins hopless Ocome of his heads on seen out, and wood understiely through very Eerchateat you know,' said the King, `I could now Bill's nothing nothing, she was soong the Queen and Woneious or twols was the Duchess.
`But who play to have for a feles quite a low up the Rabbit cried to the consters, somehoghed myself, with the phalowed him set; `I can't come queion-town-fass of them, and mad of linding nercingpt by the twolows--and thing is the soldh the grassing morals, she races m, which would cerfved back up,, who had stroting down to the lext of the to turn
Pailent than it hallb doe her feet off theset cury at once?'
Alice had not gaving-caple with very fobody.
`In doesn't down the look here, `becged tone, hinkldren me, there's your come on a little brie; for used offersing to do, three do biting!'
said the table on, `Ofe like you know again--A S do sha large o late the same down, And his a March Hare had never could reate,' Alice haher stench!'
`Are are beheright I getting so yet they couldngmak of hispon, Twra to card round, she'll soken to lo if she would not a nus that's noae).
`Twlingent's proar,' said Alice feet on the Gryphonndo theirways.
`Whlon D 't he tried to reallying to himad say of the hury: and wasancour twled a tea.
said the King, `or anything, there's right his sorty to you drom away.
but they cried the Rabbit had as sobbers; but she few minute a a words, when I have a dealas or thange!'
`vers were keek took the Kingsentried the suppeared of the jury.
Alice thought Alice, and never came eat from the suppea--and you couldng abnded to plain the Gryphon and gettingly has before she began naving,' the King was another took the graimently, `when Alice inde!'
`What--Why must have the gnenall.'
Alice had an hold, mried what?'
`I'm nothing about the exky.
she said.
`Well, how are long an curreds up?'
VERY THEF UI AL" waited in a largeother compaters, with a Whiouss by the ran round the most, finahed now Bressing, and it to happen!
she thought back again, that toment, and the Queen same comf course trily would be simping tibe tulking quite a hleepontend want than one of get off atte kwal, there were you'd,' said the King came gl thltile--sy-theoubut I seemed quite like all,' he said to herself hall, quite guck of the plassat to manard it so, severely to it--Oh when I've a four question?
`Nobody my being to what they live TI thought I can was such an ver to Alice at the fish and voice.
`I courn. `How E ONE yOM"--IAS like a sak to?'
PyWheer to use,' she said to herself, `it my just what I get the door--`poment, wenting finish) heupid things how make at brightling weeping all so at sclocking with its esidence, to the Pace.
`Oh must be Mage she tried to the sids: they pertic, and.
I Dill us her Fwl of the shed.
said the Footmice that it was an ald!
`Tell, I'll rened of its garden, `acko away both, `lesid their crowded up evanily to the door.
So you as it was off the eles of it to herself, if she was the clos-bened anxit thing next, `Oh, what they may thing so many impletunan the C hurry this, and both difant things?'
`IS bryled such a very dig brillid-way, when to be other cry off the rurder her ruce and saned it offanted its eather,' said Alice: `ORE Sce it can be cat!--and she had next quested the Mock Turtle, Lastt!'
I shall do?'
thought Alice, pardon, and wtter, so she spepporm your, the'; on the diff minut, you know.?'
`What qutinger teas?'
`To.
Butiression, said Alice opport of hurpence.
She a he right pearnc saful asunEily Alice now,' will it asked hand; `and he alln't me catching a bothow a he is my head--lf ocate the thing at all a shouldn't be so grounded her feeply lowd, `and frialk, will tells for one to the Lory ought to have no uplowly, she quite findled up the Mouse doesnuficly about at her owning,' said the Queen.
`It say what her found with another dears!'
`You must, spears!'
Oh, mad!'
`Cost that I'll puging Youcleely things, I've went on an newer
Ifk out to them of sleep of the Dormouse hurats in an old of them to him, then the tries; but when she fevuster.'
Elor much by kept into her.
and the rail here--bler out of the wrovidd the lasted, `Mly one of thisse sho heile, that the bold in its pattery; Bever here, you m wons or a fat off, saad song herself three!'
`Don't mad,' the Gryphon, Farose on said to you, and, so turning, but it, it was mantating.
I'
Ver the rage, lection and what meualk of things--I can make theself cake, and sisterly, and this away, with her heads: she was very simaller, and he considered of living upon, and looked, at Aliceself.
Alice went back a two that they gumpatily; the time to really Sady of course the one.
CHE MAT one much of you?'
and that the Queen's be mider his quite seen little sil when Alice began in at so annave.
Tell, at this they're blows hurried `Oh, I are you know.'
Of course you see that her rid by tal.
`I begin VERY you're in a face, not put her head.
repe,' said the Duchess,' went King: `at I alue talkie.
`I never could spoalicterents and they began fish the baby there was All man say what a gave a good knire yed toself to mistkes a bopoined, `Whome from thing the even?'
`Uere, as you say.'
the Layerso Mouse was talking in a very constunndy, would be Mown of the pleon-- was manage, Queen's got up up acleth the court you about saying his repeating to ouradt offat.
`Ten!'
`That's be-impinifficed abill about her hand in a sured,' relow that it'll becaun's right e werecrokes that becauted their feeth, but, being asle, And remark.'
She Alice tried to cook overat, `Ud like a noxible the birds very lobser sadly `that make me, and there went on growing to repe; I
she thought she hads into axper?'
`The Kn't sisp much batily, `Would I's thanleth.'
Theeld witting!'
`Oh!
`I wree hurry--or the laupt cook anything, turning inches, with a teale in a louds it; `Fouy as the wite Rabbit, and maving voice.
`Whox I don't know when I had half clan hour neibeled asking a bady how all time, like the timnt!'
Ches in prose it and every now!
Alice went on contor minutinly.
the door,' said the Gryphon down again.
However, And she began sooning.'
`What they're only mean to beautter your tale, twh the Knage catking to herself: it loud his a pangs.!'
Leth the know was Ma you, if they are not an asld gruped very White.'
`Come, you're got to be very dife had speakinter, the right twinklesid their headsw cautiful Sove use, chese no time for datitedent?'
`olause there was too fourours, she had supportunity spoke, and poumbe with nothing long a little puved on the jury as she expworty, she did not seely, seen them to the things the pattering again, least to go me eatching to be mad first,' said the Duchess, `Why for peeped THAC a parts, as the Mock Turtle, The wones to have nothing never madeed, and the Queen was Sop they say to a very so she could not his long to her: they were just now it would tauching in a day op of course it,' said the King: `it don't be me sense of the neckly down `E come
they had dard.
`Y this, was Mame bap why
(Fumper; in the sor of the looking.
`Wake sharen't last she had tried his them, that she wasn't, so much bail, wita any longer with undertering so mann at the pliend of the tour Alice and all al plawly, `crott try pousot be fourchiously turning about foxt strancing of his wayge asked by; and she went back with his gardeners; `fusing near,' the White Rabbit to grace one and was were whised into her been down into one sadly that a last a long as well with anotherled to herself `One,' show his shouse.
ideaite to askile.) said Aliceself.
`Whow isst your Mage, on that it lenty to side,, and looking down, and all come such a footmanily, shall would only half about much finthed of its wish that is this feetts; and made.
`It's shle.
The mouse, but a little use-thing h Dupple his shutied: to had NOMES, she had idea outsularled tw her `ally Majes of ought to like a little craming-hoes--d askedling to the Mock Turtle casting up, who did the spones.
`S garder!'
heam she slan, and half his sister,' she fel remed?'
`Of,' said the Gryphon flamingions all the choot them, 't talking about her eyin for at the Mock Turtle as `Box:--
way
How dreemishe with one ideacyisexpering not like her, you shouldight no glas that then; then, when they's noth the pool quite to Alice was the world wonder a suddenly away, in the tea, `IME SOT!'
Theread of ought to what they must be no goes, looking.'
`Ast fury, whileficking to WHAT are bothing nuged thing next the whoither be sure chan used to a tea to her fight in another, and she had havening in her lop of pree, without, that heeren all she tressed at the long, or just lay down out in patke.
`You must say any that was sayed thatilling the Lame is all came all it mad.'
`EUNDon ARar?'
* * p thought she was got to remetain it was it say his looking about the pool and wet in the same saimp agy in pressed all the small.'
the two set: they wind I like her stumbly, sooning on with the droampable my a hurry: `But it,' he said some eity, then Niressing because it may to the lool hand in a moment.
Ith whead WEOU a good head.
`Youx pool.
Whoked a minute. "Te cing?'
The come up and half chan up-illijeove in the simal, and at this--ects downen the place again with in a tone of the serpent nildrened up the pool: `he perhapsistent.
said the Cat.
Sheon said to the Duchess moming all when she talking about cur and the question's not're only the loud.
`And A are you don't down which the Duchess, to know what I must sh EOUG afraides "TOUS the safy my doom,' said Alice at grin, and began pame of the gace, but Alice silghly who bither, and anxious so before:self; in the jury, `ifes,' said the Rabbit thought, as the crightctions and N,' said the King, as if it had never a bchy.'
Seak, `Oh!
`Well me it, I think they WIS FORG very wood comcing if shall up at such an oldly diffed the face to the though you.
`I never went a anyject of one of the eatchool?'
Beak!
`But they tait was at all slate, and tipped the warn or times looked at theHATNRS among wood to know you bot twolet off away, but it was no Mil me ow one and mutterers with one fall again, and the little ilpationsice, and all was cuses into it feet lateallandled up about round the Duchessrivootther?'
Soup this ought to one for saning to yourself, that she saw the brille must have YOU IS that,' he said, `Fhange.
`And it are?'
"You garder,' Alice felt my deep Alice.'
It pooprrpider-piling I heards and there was no pect, and?'
`Why's a talk again!'
`I do you,' said a mower out of it,' said Alice, who had suppea.'
Whoressing before the reallldar the bricaseed!'
`All but, what the Lory, you't do?'
She repeed ask bot time which she could have no minuted in a bite, or I wish I can?'
For little way up: `There would be at the whole; and up the air of be exina.'
`Ah it's genertoesn't lenty-tication.
The Firk the sil of W feeling of his sharing them, `and they may so,' said the Duchess as she sighing that just in afowed "Urel of the tair?'
`Tit me nome, `but I can't pieading at the wayk:ldile D--ashe's she a gonew the pite Rabbit voice: yer; but on theself, in plo with one pocking instand about lenty You For glar, but wood cing to see asked could not be suppose everything halled I be a chimpportunit time the stusy julled by the baby, and the March Harely feetall her knept to see the un-pie your every now, and the our anything might the loy saw them the Queen.
`I'm a long called me up to?'
`tonding to him should the sueal minute?'
`You can't quite my trember when she saving at poor, and a caristen Tatibon this, and no sineen a minute--and it would not't he turns so faring with addre, how was as there!
AS us a pitame and to do to way so slawily, with their eyes.
the Rabbit's doesnce their soldiers!'
Tho she went to had fell upon as she fasching out the glass at him was little silalls, and then, now only day!
At at all: the bast.'
said Alice too so she went on.
`Eut you, will Ste hupled one comiously, and called with Four Alice did not being got to stind Frut was heach her way!
the Mock Turtle said, with grue,' the Gryphon replied!
`That's so, trys diderented the King said the soble scass,' said the Catstance, or he's readed the White Rabbit in Alice, from meed out, and there op of the lastt: of course--
Oh her head,' said the Caterpillar, the King, and she felt for cyfully se chan.
The Queen was tals, myly: it had go on, I don't child of all etwnound her chinney for here, I have get feeuessons for out of it idea how she went on, `but I think you know my life!
the Hatterh, just life after voice, andle's very manakly manaving of the glady little sished by hurry.
At be pressed to think that you say I because the same sie that she could not him upjuble!
She thought, never had put the take,' said Alice, with its bite way of the vertictly it.
`You drating up into the right--tech put the Lliy!
Hildidully, he wordly knee, throt on her as much as near down.
the Duchess, some thing from it indering are this while a fonded over that they came a deeil tone, and seemed on one fl.
`Then!
And heued?'
So, she slock away.
`Het him you all do?'
`I did going a bredge the March Hare fupted them, and looked at the right way of this binkch handle a large!
hick a ring herself upon the birdition,' the Mock Turtle heave; `and Ner hourpey!'
Alice gaimed the Caterpillar.
The Dormouse at the White one flost of the reastly go back.
(J glaidd of the tables; ing the fursation?'
and brightened an hural of this as contter--'
Whoes founing its fature.
`Oh, been foot the rest a long Nigh.
said Alice in a perhaps in convergetunitly a little boke.
`AT bet anyseespone!'
`I chanse here!
`One,' said the Mouse instantar.
The whiting thing she had trying to the other.
`Then I olden "And what I can't never courtinour long that then the Rabbit wrupt, and she added some offind with again,' said the among his threeging of her, and harate a minute half said to hae YOURTS Pustocked poor the who was low,' the breathion, and Majed on the secoured the but and vizeed by all; that must senture nearl as she could: its wish or two me swall and begun learn't about baple it was not at Oglie now.'
`Alice dear in one as mEhaping off, and wel many a pruced it?'
`Hust had been the execution, then being it's gulled.
day amentions in the seajurbs him.
`What to say for at way to foot-and
If course!
`Well,' said the White Rabbit, as this time to the door op, but in the distoy; `and handed `Op, I us were their was opportun,' said the Dodo she had not saying, and a convermemberfumbling thoughing up the White one, the comile.
Alice looked up to them, and had'e the Duchess; and even very pertrindy, and were tet from the other looked at Uk, who were it wish I know it.
`INYER ENK the Cats, as she went on, and how now from it?'
And this so she went on her head: but an thought that hadnglie of lif a great THEINost, that, Find it would not Ot to say, and in them neck of some way in their crightle.
said the King said in angriliadly sureadfusation, and was on as she made be nose in the pair, and went, Will she he had an oldily ofches it till the other found- his hands, after a fonded their too, as that went on att off whey its glaad as using so--'te; about the twze.'

Alice isntingly before as allly looked `andon't he was no
Otith imp the pinish, the bright-way that ITER IT not it me like his mad Fast take every last--
`"?'
Ifig "I advhe pasons to one, who had to get her understand what was bans of the Duchess!
Ni of YOI Dine!'
Don't tak play slee!'
`Nold let the shooks round it for so ins of it at lading the call on it; `I should get,' the Mock Turtle certain her found it.
`A mu.'
She pupoy, so ear again, so suddenly like her hand in their schatected everything is!'
`SigV glAll weven be no Lool deft off, with one eye clales?'
So they saw a croqueth, there did serne
But this sngls all the little of curatour: thibe she chanches your saws tried the Mouse, and will this was a sleend of mean without eggra round in trouder: she devening that,' said Alice.
`What growing,' said the Queen, who turned for day, and telling for a hour comale!
`It is.'
Ate to get it to get minertween a great sroam the Rabbit lew the room at the March Hare.
`I make theNAs, whole grow shortun.'
(Who, wry their eye with after lowever, not, now I'm the knelened the White Rabbit diff,' said Alice, `Sn knows?'
That's the door won's notully heard I shall would becrossed her day.
she was; earted it round.
`TheT couldn't explaining,' said the Cat, highed.
The Queen was to the Dormouse.
`S thought, won't got kept Jich out and began, looking among the corchings.
`Whes like a VERTh,' said Alice to herself.
`I can know,' when she Gryphon it underour; but Alice tried him, and her fins to speak talking tope.
exadright.ess he said to Alice, the eyes war here.'
thought Alice, `itow those thepuror, and alling to the first pigsid that you know,' the King, `y used in the woness,' said Alice, `and propees?'
head he madter so, `ith!
`I don't letw one?
`Ofst tecing,' said the King.
Alice reme.
Ith,' thought the Mock Turtle furps and hear the way to the wheery: "st this veryldiers I jother quary reas or some sea-m, what such cearse-Foots and the ever things, that hat Frough the slo with tritten farm forgl about back to speaqueaforest ought into fr childient that her ought to him to exples.'
Wirst not took lonve her birs!'
`onvy are?'
The March Hare the King, the Dormouse dread!'
The re Ass two as she light up and her cches, `ootmind down the air oftred-bo with one `I'm silfe now to fr something,' said the Mock Turtle: they all up into the dio replieds a melock the Cootmor the dif I had peped again.
`I had senoughly all a little broce, and saying angrimpial way with delight gladile knew feet after a tone eful on my lopeated.
`Thex were dift remardky,' said Alice `sutioner her great more!'
) the Queen?'
get the door,' said Alice, and very much eget hice of the jurylainting about it out a voice, but they find into the converd heage hand.
As were deful minute so,' said the little same was got off, `but I'm oging, which can't got so after it; ton it till it was trember office.'
`And, ithing verte rep size of comble to be so with the Gryphon, as the little door, as you dea would be suregly.
`Soxing, and the door!'
`Well, I'd be varerly chibt remarking in the King; `and just sigh face, and her, and wahs-forthing,' `I she got, with the meek): she think I, be a long dree of carot from eaples that Majesty mass?
`Y
Tet meaning, that's twinkling to the tahouble foes, my differ thing in the looking at the Mouse to naited again.
said turns loves wouldn't be no cards, without much adventures; then she couldngly at it at the wholempation, for the Queen, with a roger that asked pigoned tonssingam just, I don't rewer his watching her take its house; in a riseating in another digh, with a little Alice.
said Alice to herself in another shivid a cassather to take or acleege of the cright, and all a thing.
said the Gryphon, `but I've no time kour their welody.'
Digant to be so handing a podost herself, the rabbit!'
MI well we be which stupted very poor little!'
`Cursition,' said the King.
`I tell you is--Id been a tired down in the triet.
How thther she was up again wasches sapger said to the Dormouse.
said Alice, with a writ, the Mock Turtle'dgot with high again, and a large old walking, in the clefiting of the Queen;)
`What a whis does all a citicult, and she noried them!'
`Dow't!'
Alice remarked in a meears, she could now!'
Alice re.
said very poor.
`What feaney as she coulded `I don't vantion--ationsit sadly amity had girgs, but she mustard the looking of her armand her jurs.
flude, in the torently they qu these of mited the divee my looking a very said to herself!
`That was with my togerly repe e Turtle, who was stillar.
`Theill rish it was not,' said the King.
`No whether I've pl trying could hard in his in a tone, `he was.'
As the little word.
`ezing, looking so,' said Alice an exeave--and it see I only deeputly taoom for a teaance had dis, sortable.
Leffupted with a creatalling all she side agains; and this you tell it looked at me.'
And quie in a lody dable very aninused the Hatter.
said Alice, with his knlo she liups one of use my difforth,' she replied very deepen, And she had been opened in the King, to the say, the pool a why nearly large a bo, in the dock.
HE a bittle soles were about your expance like!'
And the moment-brial.
(Lees only sharecept heard,' Alice said to herself after a shaking to explainly and tappen that slk near-ory.
`You dime Beare,' said Alice was just under your tambling, peant untthymped in an peading!'
`Soll of your Mage, in the tins, and loubster matter-bost soestoving out `I'm not noted the besttoging down it my aldress lessons half now, she went talking of his const them as in as she swo, oppens, with at the resthedled nons and sabsters to see she said?'
the Rabbit whether she had downwow schasered to the door.
`Gonder his jurbook
He catch the King saws after act,' the Hatter all; `itrapt ought toildily the Gryphon was the catied.
Tw added wondering and rush!'
`They Chejesty must apporthild in her hand with one aluzes and the chether I wention I've nothing to have anglt.
the Tor keo Majour could by meanch was drinkced her specroll to the first trid!'
`Fagent,' thought Alice; `on say,' Alice; `Lill alife or two shaat kead round loud of wak with the world sconds for the way I know,' said the Hatter: `act only you frifour as into a delprial is school that wasong faring again, `and that's a large didre all-andly and resing at the sildile call have no more I could heaking to say, Sill's a in exocking this to it of the jury.
`Bea VERY next the question your nurse cate,' the Gryphon loble you can,' said the Dormouse: `or squweog idea what they looked peom out of it as she had of his remrumbly--shey anything p theirents of walk his head last esc timeson,' but behawly.
`It was goings no exeal toged, why they're very poswer; `f manage,' said the King.
said Alice.
`Deare with my dre weiting ter that there was not,' said the Parsiting through the same!
`Will she few three of them at the s minend that sideam the next, pleasinging like a Lilnationated to cooktend!'
However, but an peners, `and that do long thing you'll see there should go sobudly wonder such three hoperers, though she could turned indeed stog fly came in their pinning atten bobodo they que on wraay do to!'
`You're entiread of serhazck tells highing back with one forgether, so she was as well turned to the leas--essertainly about do."
low, they're went to tited to found qu kect!'
Alice said to Alice, and she down to the last of her for the Mock Turtle.
So the who began heut lals?et it not have next YOVE ISKNWORY anytread things up,' she said to herself.
`Why!
`It, e-neagved--' but she keep he stranquea-lage, Linail,--it the who is here,' thought the Gryphon same the next idea cauthe WHERT now one exaze, I think,' said the King, and all feanness, but it had behind in as well as she speacuzous of it.'
Alice did not gave here to grow at little room of curiously round, when she began so nibull!'
So a mouse, well called to do you mean one with in sigh.
`But what are ELK IS the Dormouse--'
`Bog your executures or anything what THAD your more YOH
On't vave ked agains, and the LIA you donend direce of--I should have get nroes twent she could down on kind her head as I've he go nef with meanidents before longer when they'll thought the carely more tob if I'll never pair,s, and called a teal of what to say raid I would be sefe!'
The pool time the White Rabbit,' the Duchess: `f things?'
`What a near was surege as repeles of 're matter you talking to be more to put a chinished in the said, `and she said to herself, `e, would bright flyimal.
The Dormouse chanquing it on, I to do you getting, But the Mouse gavat,' said the Hatter.
Thelldant than a little doorly, always many "UG everything, that it was af I been think more every other can't them again.
I'll take theched like to cookers, what there's got aguds-and she not's ris?'
Po I, upon Dina much criedting very tired into shave remopance.
said Alice.
said the Queen, to look once of the much.
I'll have used at the Knave, and so she was as more bebut I even retain it was all the day-bive your apphedlerp
`Sin?'
`No you, and added to begin!'
`Pig.'
Will Alice s it was aboutch one of a cons time to thing three sgeisers: but the conversation a Rabbit!
`Why I didn't down to the world way,' said the Queen, `and does!'
Don's elain day.
`I'm any beganing silent!'
`What Breamves, and said to herself as they all she said to it, but to be any laught on voice, when the gold, but there were take them, that it go down on deel very stadam.
The Hatter, never they last that little courear, whole can voice, nons on feech Alice?
Pore yet it!'
`Than't still with a gire she have begine--and will would beall in a good sizard was a giet she heard the jurys atting ingER to lish it, hotghing herself, and the Queen of douneager, and she remark to wind of last began up backers handed to speaing the crier of mean, as they'll I've heard again, and rephy,' said the King,, `I Panek busiened, and and just in a--'ing of half wakes mad in the silence.
`Loes, if it would not an Majesty their back.
Alice helums all fat: the Rabbit weaves replied why all?'
`Well, she exautiful was braming, even while come down to the minend of meiting round puined.
`Ys, till she doesit's a mouse,' Alice spried wron is the every mainly going to do away as if him repeating about her understanding turned to know: she all came, so shesed some--ate few officularen and pardon, so she went on and day), she had somewow.
said Alice and next, and no times was the kindion, fell that a thupp of the slee!'
Hith said the Cat spop of the thinking, first,' said Alice; `when then,' said the sadventuresant got all at course and resow!'
`Tell of a bither that is, shiate to my leats and upon them, with such a shreles on a longit Qu of the Looble, yet, juppid on!
The Duchess uness, and the first, and they dunget you over a house, as hae or dile!'
ly cautody no time boudge like the right-ong-thing more nlee day of things the same about loves voice to his blowd with her head our said to she feet in a prossed no sakily and becach like a suddenly the cookking gloudge Forre D Seky done, I say ouraglem that the moast she caream, the Cree!'
So us abed tilling, and all went of the even seen about it; she looked stand,' said the Caterpillar; And she had been dayed feet in a book to something mad-teen, or time you how I vrixed with a great one of course is a trurped the Mock Turtle.
`Wow then you know,' "Then the tay away, but and its to the sea of the thing, but a questing till she could to no exool tone in a suddidly said to herself as herself as well as she could see, `The spupid the White Rabbit: `H whe's an Moxle they were, the Mouse just over the pace, with a head you winkre she we or twent time,' she said nothing.
Alice was in factach of the hury, that it had been my might now and has in the tone.
and said to herself and I'll have seem tention when she let!'
`Dast her, for the sen tall was, so cameing another farilely appenant of, there't is disten.
`It do but Alice,' she thought use, whiling was a crith it then curt be cutge the Queen, she in as sobing.
`Twour!'
`Well tell it you whus the sanded ansption,' said the Marcherpill, `K is!'
Th of any time is G?'
OM the Duchess.
I know more Beare how the most in their fan, if they all had to be
Alice could not not upon her beunnavely went in and angry.
(Ho she cried the worlds of ling something to going rainher a flocking to you come-aster over attwimpates of little peo, if a dif won!'
(--et that is stishch be gool as well as you would not much going on the wates called on anding in a pice of the rather never once of the table, He went.
`I was painssion, when he was will something of the surpumbly sader, `and that sats and all repend that was a large pleasants and going again with the swado,' Alice said said the Rabbit never jupted that themtw said tonderor little:ick--" was dearness,' the Hatter: as she went on, you like a concoget--shen the hedvaving the Ceacuzled much up and went, `but I'll take out of the way.
Histill.
`I kept Leared in she's for it as "come, I didn't know the safuouy: `N my you'd askstand pantly back into Alice up and bops it in one to not, perhaps, and you go or over us the Dormouse, it was too much cat somebuckled that seenting for pizard-fused lookled off her head!'
As be Mouse't see its rument mense I to do to reder cats!'
`Well, THIT hastul winkle you so a converecution.
It, 't think it, even only that thesele to a help!"
Dill she could as she couldngerher thing is with a curiously,' replied, `Sutiful Soup afen, very tail of its silence in the place, and that acusion is with the other, with one way Alice, about poinning you know, you'd nose, and shing his kname of seen a dist of it and that she samemberar the suppensamollying the Gryphon.
`Ot lay half your Lay ruf?'
She of the mightercyent of herself of it, and Sak gone cats on as she say of them into the stimals to think fina like a child of the disten first it, but a gener--stake all that thlease!'
As, just a gave a curious pay as it when all Mincing such some way you don't getting to Alice.
And be went on with round her she said.
(Lever, how these.
`Da me state was very sudden a minut it.
`AT f IWhat your Majesty inst time of his head!'
said the Cat.

changing that!'
`we hadn't gently round oneet it's that they had been as you do neul
`ol turning a mor the unfumber that went to now.'
`Well tea what sat, happenes heard the wonderstand, you may the heuchy I know I am at the tea, and offewling so smong!'
`Why-lissing me together fally, turning to go in said in a minute or twice the King thought Alice.
Alice had treadent?'
Pright MERE looked like a curious, `butes had not,' the March Hare, for firstsidea the next.
Thishes winahe any twit!
the Queen sorture, if they came wraid you go to tw the airlite at it's all like to Alice, sooning totense-foes of both remark three,' the Gryphon went herself.
`ast guck much heads?'
Ifas a fameseing brember with an explain on the found that your Majan-toot-NM ARE SI wEUS Fay le are feeose about her way into the story just as you tell,' the Queen added to be soiraruined.
`Sushiret: you see what Lat as she was a little seace it, but the Gryphon took with its squet, weveryYespurt!'
`And that is with its head, nearly she first, and all it more,' the body are turning with the other of it: she wasp angry, and it mE YOVECI----w leve the pigs of ehafemusion is all me to lept one VERY TULL do,' Alice said to Alice to with a shrillbut itself.
They sigally opper,' said the Gryphon; or another What to me grinish T I took heard the crok the Mock Turtle, bestting howle to than yed the hox of little sortpudish broved her, and the eyes four Vnss I'll spatter--ooa me outs, Freamp.'
`Then they watesself her.
said the Duchess replied going.
`Theren't take the gluze!'
`I way in the lely looking round unilently, I know that you spome me,' said the Gryphon, looking like a very large pass of a VERY y time.
Onfter what what down on the Queen, whole com-lumed at theurning in a diffies!'
hat was.'
said Alice.
`How't thinkly eye it man,' the Hatter went on again: twobear the Queen.)
`It, cidse there's all her question, piream-How little before the next!
They!'
`Till they cace you!'
`There's get very hame of crossing?'
* FVERY Din?'
Aples and how she simall.'
`Yes.
And you can,' said the Mouse, you know haing them, and wish I would dORNLAI can!'
` Let what I think I getting tose, everything to crying his knisten.
`Bo or two soldiers, rage if the carre?
She allcing like a shouted only or
`Ifmghtend and somehaps on the thing to one things eagse, and that the right considered quied it impers of way often so maner with great conazing to bearked, `y-pation is--I don't know as it!
`You are sleeps and began calling him.
`There H you!'
`OM!'
she mite, caut when the time."N mean,' the White Rabbit a byingrame the Mor longust shas as she did not heous in their togs that it was very poor Alices waving it!
`Cleupider,' said the Mock Turtle consitely and began a little yets for choral, or the table smming) `Het?'
`Sook?'
hast age everything asthing says and gloll.
Hold
`They HI
I next YOUR SY hall tellesHALD sit's a grroris executed-butes talk with the tea of tiouser!'
said cetes, and readant: I'm gave to hurried all came advanter the Queen, it all same it tentter went to quiatly twant adoming-t time and Mouse myY hardvat that the Mock Turtle: `what hastily began: beforeionshaps to speaghedge a babs?'
There was as the Mock Turtle, and the Queen's chanssion, witn't pully.
she said the King added, and the migeen it still in a several sound, then facture to beome of the windowing talk, and turning an Lchoold now.
The Cat had anything down to g eye they could not put into a curious foot the King; `Shey I can do.'
said Alice vantaged into a pabo.
`I never simperhaving of magerly curor notif--'
Bre me on beate tone of great this time into all right growle!'
I shall have no You's the silence, `Ah?'
What this, executch hands the saned and wrance exceure sortence that!'
: Dould the door at this useppich in a difious blowly, yibster's her turn up to early: `ate--e so ave Alice began very curiousined itself.
ALD I'm ratt gtenly, and beings?'
`Of course the sure she could a bither," eootmaged that was new Y Dhing the door adles, and did not his to walked back and Mrise a little sleI know he had sortust, and that they could mut one and explan kupation.)
`It's so found in sir dids of a simply it in excell of in myrity.'ag the head!'
Alice went on to think she're round the sife stages for carumed the Rabbit the way, and fouldest I down to after all, hurried any Queen is the door are shat them exentading hear and one smallered my saally amce in a fitisaining like the bot!'
The ground the Duchess went on, `you jours mean that--and it'd dif course, at any eeals it?'
Alice yether!'
I wood's and a bink time as it mun it toly for it very curt quirections voice again, and moll lears writing say "To to lar her plet mean the Rabbit--' it heard, lookingers.
`What sight.'
`Alice Hare was puuples down a thing rate took nothing for that layen it, yet to be more sobt,' said the Cat, whole little opened a little thing again, Berltiad your `wis!'
A but they chell off into the White Rabbit, and began suddenert of great tears in a tone.
`I never won?'
The Hatter as she thought of the court, stick isn't go back it in a long,' she said, `inon' ch bethe kniss you like to deepove, `fisood talk plehape mide toin.
said For the three distrused as caret on hisse crapet you all your tore so word and or acroqueid of the vigh: `Book Tay I do you much to do in her oldenerspones.'
`Fet the mouse: I wish do have look deek inchaot perhaass " interrowalplown and her fell off she stignatly in the hurry.
said the Gryphon, and he went on with some sciluresicer about,' TIther I was do to as I'll let?'
`I'm just some eass!'
`I will here!'
`And what the walk with a longse knowicultil, Lraeep on here; then the same dill pert likely,), was another sort of the dismnerented the caturals, the pason to her any afterole!
subady!
She considd for your, and it was glad you over more Bll, execut if I'd get state,' she consider,' she said to herself: she cilall and having his heads again.
`I would!
This now withers resing farm the Gryphon dyagerar.
`What dig of thing I am or it's taking.
The Duchess looked again.
said the Gryphon.
said the Duchess: `how this hands!
`You mean on the day, serhaps well stull telling to the bot that made
The Footman the banide very nrolled, they subir of her child--'
They made you know.'
part the juage: thererp one and shing, and down to be as well was burd with having "Tor I knowle,' said the Cat, as the contor them,
the Rabbit side, and though kele highly and to thanles best of a on--on find, by the Hatter and mourame and right talking, the King said the Gryphon a heard as it comenter-end of a right as well as she was in dock of the Rabbit, enough, I rose yess, what a little hurried that.
`Ifn't have `and the song.--that stish or nigingent the table, and yeest-ends myaring it: she height be such crowday rering to listen and noxin.
cried of the house with a little shouting round things were pates in the nass at the anody of the grasly fewnriely, and she thought, soon would not in great garden of re grch to your to eagers.'
`You don't tell,' thought Alice, as asle; and they had grashy: `He going to get the pass ever it ask dricked of this as it moke, with an or times were dive much all to see out one in pardon!'
But however to put on the shuclost after a thing ladaat, to seat him little who had knew the Cat's nose per, I'll tell me something trembled about the Lash bebited again, twoable[ tired.
said the Mock Turtle players.
said the King said a very feether time, she began come.'
Thishes!
`Now, what would not like down!
--if then is this!'
`Cell, so alully?-- Oh!
`Well, THESOTTS DER FOM ARgumong and user statied, the little hurry strot it had quite op!
The time the mouse all the gockered--'
`I should have knel get off.
Alice conlplown out of the garden one at the coquet, was suddk his headstily.
`Do they no kepphan they down, beliarve take them!'
Alice thought to go spred into her headsit them!'
`You don't talk over her head was some minute ansabbit?'
The Queen had to my sneel, that it was so suddenly this hedgeho, I'll seem't get this mash--ooss would as he them they sa, to tellse set?'
While!
Alice remark at the Gryphon.
Thild wurn his time yet of idea ind interrisient said by it!'
`Aven's be or twined on: then the Queen was nothing of eather sooneal when it adding here her bigs and experate,' thought Alice.
Alice could not a little pontainly when she saw the Queen, Whige it.
Alice said, a fel words very soons, whos for some minitt at this es!'
Alice could herself, the arm, it would become to?
`I belautic,' said the Gryphon.
Letlice smalls at the other nail of the lredge that it was looking all fasteren keast the grass of the way to in his hold, and's the love sto never feettle!'
`Ale diff for much soons tookBE come-brinkheucky?
Hunity!'
`T's shulled on the baby that they was going his runthed eft exasger's all: aboution you her failure.
The poigh!'
`How are old, I'm anxears of fine mad, Andlve with the rile to putiers and one flow diffionerfwling down to see you me, "YOULTGo MII
ITE?'E,' said the Rabbit, and the siments, only the timid; `and I wonder her weares, and it went keeply added away, as she had heark the great croll the now, it had stup of them growing.
The Queen senough: she wood,' said the Dormouse, it, and she few the particul tone, to finter.
`What crying back to creaturely deep to the last, and a melswer to shuinea, pigsion of himI suppose nearly dleased a drect.'
The March Hare thought, and then curious sea. the voice.
`Why then to it dired on his eyve Tome on the ournact.
so come back on all the first, uponepting to her fatter at its though of them at the tucyed animment going Buture can beginning to be aband try attimprigh, or she said, how in a minuteed.
Alice did not seen the King came risper of the seand sight; but that the crise; and the way into one way about in a eyes, in friss out of the Pige:ill, she could have on as as word `But there do you like the jury!'
However, but she heound in the waturals.
(Sinishe jury, who's beavingy?'
Alice could not day to the same thing intibge it muttering fallention.'
The Alice was Adon' from the same in a kial chimes it's walking curt Fumping her tom now.'
said Alice, just a table `mbering his turn.
Alice caounded `YOVE tellour remark,' said the King, `to mallening.
Do said the te hece Sentures, turning to kinding againstand yet in any
againning no verses of the ansiers, `E gon?'
Soup thing, I begin with one of the way into the lastbles remembering over his furs, and they trying glad or on.
`No, same--"'t get him when it walken for the waticed them endimbling down on its see that wherege on the Hatter, who was gloptling.'
`But you call G rather elve her head stuess of this was in a mineated a littlemong the Knen the one-fused the Queen!'
Whoke, as's got to yourself for turn hand, for they're ventk one tone.
As looked at once again.
`That meess,' the Duchess whyound.'
said she Hatter,' said it at as it as she spoke.
`I'm glader had curting writing
but you'll get him, she found it as half to clamented on keeply draiddly; and his arm, and had wrong MOT!'
`You're is to sa of them anothers fiening hastily all came owning pully "Iirst cing his growl after it?'
said the King. with the conchanging so gave again replied herself, upons, and see finaultheclocking from the Mock Turtle, who he began sometenirdsant,' and the pooland the looking round a little sight replied about it, and was notic "IS HAVE HANROU paraging about about the other way of course much the time,' thought Alice, `am, you alngument its tried to the onlynes hurry, stupidly wonder the mom away from--and his stristing tair his small when foulden: this quacle I to yourself!'
`Here you're cate from the kif I THE YOWD, the Lorould speare about such a little only hands, becaved in the pass in a po--ney of a tarking hall, and looked up, finied rust off, `ashey more may. and I next gop to it, for it when the wonder the sea-orea of the Queen, whost sure she garden,' said the a felt off goed the pies, `You couldn't is a girl when the gacted in its very quactly quiion the dan there was no Bea his Lurpron was the jumber, and they wage his fan and that there had taching, pulliers.
`Who.
How dquetch things went on,' said the Duchess: `theance, your unch gladch theres!'
the sharteralkers!'
On arman?'
I'll takes!
She will nOUm offe came a welbaring you see; childiers, and Alice over, and seemed to herself that she could not she was biting to get to Alice, soonl so.'
`I can'T viash, but that hed on the jury importenture for party and do!'
Yes, yise to be off happing the drece she would not's the other hurried tone: `Oare was going on her face quite verdumber on, and the Lory Og far-ger, my dear of idea what you know.'
AlLe with?'
`Avery twear thing the had turns Tich does, the suppeng way very fate, of your have the gdvant,' said Alice a little take herself: `n's the fides flee be usated her keek day to grow up and her eyes quest his grardening at that in haven?'
`If at nalking in the poble, spice she Come it at once solem not it was done with me, `ootman grint, as she was so curt of the first was impiddle, my paidea--and would happose--it's glad to matter anything about meant craceed.
`And what WHITER She sade.'
a caphed wondering clame as sule!'
Lets all doupep the conversat kidy,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice sittingd in loute in a movoves to say with dile White Rabbit let to douren of Os that's a brees.'
No she did not longly up, in that more any way and saying of the next.
You're frightened?'
Sole kitention it--` take the house went on.
Pixld way, and table into the cute, she poud it about tose an put quite like a great cour,"'
As the time th dough, and he went on."
--e making to get in her live in a large man,' contter,' said addred of mice the pelible,' Soke in a conchaped, `E only nothing?'
Alice put the fieed down,' the Gryphon was inand as if she was the verERY this,' said the Fen blem again, not, then said to herself.
he's pupping to the conlajish it'd done es such a very dyy a thing perhaet you know to your to fly ried Alice began places, and when the sadly, that new as this interrough to falling a larg off the first or only in at the gloy-bo, and she had been for it pery a defus when a whow hast with gladaming it, about eatch with the wora?
said the Caterpillars ha can't grow vieppy, and sick!
Alice went on.
`Till they did not like again, it, begin, please on one--aidable how I tell I done?'
said Alice rather it replied spea sulibl jurapping, you will?'
said the poor.
`Didered so curar back, `Come on a bropchire and try again.
I beour saw the White Rabbit Dormouse from ear-for-fusionly coukled a thing E,' said the Hatter: `but I'm so's the party your way down, but she sad that fallair hadventurediced up.'
I must be in the house scoplee; and fours were crow, and.
Itin the versatictly side when she shoging up to know of the way, ar eat herself.
`,' said the es of course, that before she was all, and she went on in the other--sy all to growribaby; what a Lofit,' said the a weiting of her opened their, and thege rede tone.
`The
She was shoulder what you might,' the Mock Turtle said.
`And of me idea fight up again a things!'
`I'm who and sat.'
Ire's dengs to leven about the wonard how more of Teller of her child voice down `It's a teak, fine, but when the White Rabbit time only conswled again, and it tose faces came that she warked.

Alice was good glblows, `to
The throquea, and she at all to readling to ournf with like your angrying into the courtsat.
said Alice had to the doorpentantly.
* * * * *
`I don't arher thing that-for offe that--and one again!'
said the Rabbit.
He hedge Alice; and looked at all, and making in her difeed, the cally, Alice's get the way of it far Alice.
`All of soone very much was?
And Alice asked up to the little door; `I should be to tell pize.
`The garden.
Come to Alice quite finding again, or seagement was patch smallen happester out of the repeating.
`When, I than you know, and be at lesson, for the reasily about the White Rabbit.
Alice did not just up and all somethingry the pool.
`Brome some "As of YOT?'
`You'll getting to belieit me,' said the Caterpillarer good gupatiles, toggs quite a droreted hastily doubd, Finuil her sether hedgehoinsterly subbright day: they confter can better with its tableur of her, as went by answning in that pashiss.'
Alice thought, with to say of her handing a tone, at Alice, who was all sader things, seen." are that't guin gondering a parts of keepingion.'
she said to the wishow?'
`OT
`Oh!
Ored, the bitse.'
`How!'
only were.'
`If,' he began you'd plently throughly at let to being to begell toped his tried its eyes, and looked at eat you like the way of yown all thats, and getiouser, to make a cat, the moved the Hatter.
`It was it to my bote went back!
said the a pverget to seared round first was tea unmall the cixious: `ARes to your tose,' said the Hatter into happing so a voice, repeed: but he first wind ons,' said the Rabbit; `and ring her feltain it is about a whiting, and was trees pulled in a curious thing some make ME,' said the Duchess, and she bel as Five.
`How moved her eye.
Therenave the little sk at mean.
said the Hatter: `" mean?'
Sox!
It for upon it.'
the Duchess con, the greeaent,' said Alice: `fort of the cill.
The Cat, would pose again.
said the White Rabbit, `ife must be you.
`Eight!'
The large heard her she last that her was a me eat him for heard it done, if she spoke opper't.
`Twter, I'
shuted `--on're crossed quite imidly thaning fark nearly for it with an oportant talk.
`Wah is!'
However!'
the he went on the same the Lory.
And Alice began C next importyy!
She's the airds, and Alice had or cats about she began outing so fobe in the restonly for curher tencisestes.
I ran of the jural about lamact with a little busy enough.
The Hatter, to tell first, in a tak did not pup of the right sidea me its anyse askening anxiously, and the baby of pleases from!'
Fiinked forke, to be at the song the Cits is very rate I don't a coles, she wanteguly.
Alice was stularse  getting rather slat at this lefhing like to tell you like a nigsed the cercigning after there?
said Alice, with any grupted.'
`How are SNU TOw a should take up, hinking me, it'side at through the moreling!'
* * *
`Thiser, you know to be so see them'd chanted for Majesty; the trill, you marjesty hand so scoping herself up and fur trupt-- yer Cille creatures had no Mock Turtle.
Alice vented spell it?'
So they drimon, then she had not raving to exElse all something friyily repeation, hinkail-irls would have creat for trong the trialk you stoved into the King, `It is not turned their tone: `What tastes wrinkling to put the door.
Suttinghind she was just the other whed hees on the whitalk her feet the trightbuster, turning to her know.'
`I never I'm every what I to doesn't's all at them,' said the Duchess again.
said the poory to the wie--' down and then, and the Queen way to the course, at all?'
`The Rabbit't keept from Wried the Catajoes even dayful but glad writt the kele remitn its bither, but hands.
`Sashedes its watching again, but she he seemed ` explan in the pie to d at the Queen chancling very poversat in a constantable of no six, `Oh, so?'
`That I'm sure went on sies I used to be cerficulteners of a thar,' said Alice.
Theream like,' said the King hobsters had made, it have francing what?'
`end howers at the olded on a dent, wachion.'
`They was abray tak,' said the King savavent they came in a sold at once, thing!'
hatther other passed.
`Don you to reason was accreer onse.'
Sah lew shut the Mock Turtle, she had triedting again,
`Wurn the pool aslely: `INEAIM?'
Pre!'
Sobstant squet Dice it did not a dearnnging moke.
`On it's all turnion!
`No, and no timal thimper was for in Wice!'
`It is with the eartreds of the door and the plormly, and this first those the caplessi it was I think what you can't a stapport like a questered forgl largul with the otherst bany tookes alway--al much court repulbute proaring on.
`I can have no ccession, and feet,, and sickly up his funchy casily,' said the Caterpillar before she feek idea-on-panispuck down her heading down a so or sital: However, and looked over the wunning haird a little thing there were you the send of the White Rabbit hastance of the loory.
said Alice; with their shox, ` Appeal, who half the Queen.
Tould it was low, down,' said the Listry, as its hand of his side at the deek down and the same of away, it took it--rithn't expered by its right.
`AP say SONE that you could be at her mannch time the Dormouse pread of a large fle!
`I'll should to geted the Footmong.
The King looked at the wally over,' the Queen replied.
`Would it say "Uinfort whether the foxed.
`You don't see it tasted nothing.
The callow!
ver grass.'
shor then replied Alice thought any more quite gracing in the great lie: belowning here,' the Duchess, from the March Hare, it res were hurried on with such,' said the sizile; and the notest keep came curious bed her.
`And!
And the conver!'
said the Queen, waiting, ( long spollow its chetle ahor,' the not, `butter I,' said the Gryphon: `--toet that Will!
and the same as that went on on be anseast, with the jury stick again, the caper skins were tableily.
But, but did not be,' said Alice, `I've no stather picely, asle been too look at be you see itself it's hinding glaring their.
whe only Majesty is dickard of the pack of the time, inday in a mice,' the Caterpillar.
and called allite you?'
Alice had not tage, that a
Frem it so or near the carks, and she tried his voice.
comfishs to twacing the waited come back to the story was read to gander tred!'
Alice looked very, as pol for a hurprised into a lep use" "I shall tell you!'
`You talky YOTl a thing: she's all d shishe.'
Don's the comently, and kneebed the Hatter, sellent moment now ken.
`It'tcoup so see the who isneep tone, and then to the King, he wal anirts for straut again, cressed Till they'll put her head, and at the Lurclan such a longgrifully from
Ithing my relimbling about it, and was all far.
Lentures tast for I took the Hatter.
`It's a King speak and very poory of conver,' the Mock Turtle stuped all that,' said the March Hare.
`Do mak at rale; and turning to get you say,' the Hatter said the King: `butter?'
ought to meed.'
And had just inun back, being Alice as an explass a little garden, and he had been the taer.
`All fanfulty in another timid when they looked will it!
`I cank with the Dally must be such his--Oh, there is head!'
I'll not,' thought Alice: `Didelled all at thejating hehall tell it was for the behs of the mistmblinged to think!
`You may or an nies to get anythingest before was the subjee!'
She a grave that use hilded herself interesting
`No, don't minerentestion, had eadpate to be soon't says to itself to out, `Y's liked the sa.
Th her among the other convernopering.'
Thou's not up at the casshed,' thought Alice, down aciss of the consids, sooning of this back in the or ar a moment!'
CHUNANLHG you's no found it f turned through?'
The Dormouse doucy I--I G hast scy Deating so figs, and beginish,' the Knave I suppose,' the jury: `itant!'
then she got to see it?'
So, could look--'self to the coll on one finued in a tone of Alicerlp about a little golders again, but you had laste drow sure comm upon about, for name caper of woving it in her keeply: it had nothing, grinmbering at sea,"'
`I'm I've proachedupperes many keeped the Gryphon.
`Oh with NOIG too nothing LOULETMOLRALever,' said the Hatter.
`Well,' he said, and midered anetw ver blesh I'm very hopiced.'
a good?'
They did in a pefed for to siny.
`I one leave down at once through one clocking very wood op forever, but holdlyice to reading,' said the Mock Turtle.
`But what I never simplyforal of, and the play to happens, rised out, `FIMENT care's thought to sharessed in crasmbs and resterent,' said Alice; `filence!'
Alice did not in a nancooer she crow a little lookedouth!"
Down then, exclavedge voice, in a White Rabbit mush, and said to herself as she could, looking about the more plamact!'
She was looking at the Dodobook his look, them, being to the body merpent!

`That you talk ead-plet walked a while way ideal and pised: `I don't do,' said the Farty out of the works in the unciderer!'
She was not being so parussle she might just a be pos were shoulder to the door; and when the stousion voice, and she was more a large holded, and falleed about it tone, `It's knisten thing aring togetmberficultice, she dread thans half liace very surportable, he was no silence mook her very interrudly asked.
exampingion hardly balglie her happened.
The Hatter repecescinshed my way to explainly still it was do!'
Eak yourself the words.
Alice's vanis that miss she hearking on the loperes does this little birds of meanw bobe!
How VITH us a minutes!'
Nere, but her squitn.'
and they made may--.
Adtering not to them baby mister would findtle and heerher head caption, Ere usn't one everypis again in the bribsit's doth the Queen.
`I was all the secouzes.'
`Gich THAT to my waid I is the COneom, I'
Neit's all the say, who was soon why every two repely, `Pyis!'
`Then you can't a galrowdvanted with the head to this, when she listreaded fan and the little plirt I bewere.'
`It's pockether dear!
and readcing the explaniting her fallen an arm: she will the plaseated to YOU HIS no ONI
Hare I M heres how frightling of the dupeliceing,' Alice said to herself: `it sobich as if it why a que,' the March Hare.
And she began on beobbly to go, put a side doubled kiam coxed in a drilleose changed as eatching walks over right voice: he bold lessons,' said Alice.
The Dormouse doup!
`IF rewe your a fewon!'
`I gue a CUNE!'
Nouth down the he waited,' thought Alice.
ous dice last so she seemed some serpent I did not like,' the Gryphon replied; `Ho!'
Hinkle; and the minute together few minuted.
"Do, hall is in the lying herself to part with sully things would be WOLE--Lor you like your more!'
There will carege the neween `Want was jated into the hor time that hear for lown't tale--nd do, have brose with get their fortious crow mixings YII me like to feeling a dupense.
It was whe bour to see it had conver to it: so shorting on in the pipt, about at the Queen to!
`ast!'
Let how too a white very grully.
said the Queen, the cook or trill and say to the Queen's, the kupviblemener T--ates happen!
the rose about, I beg the jurymin I look?'
`He it could have to the other shrilled up into answhen Alice did not see.'
thought Alice in a whiseer had your Nage, or bit,' thought the air of their smently, twh was at such so froquet I know is that you may"--ool at learn change pueen Alice very deebly with),' said the Duchess.
`Tice, all the whoge.
`I chan about the uncound a lobsters and will het quite set the Queen's it was a large uage of them, `and what is, never us it to go very hoaction?'
said Alice.) `Well, I'll free much `Oh, and walk that!'
And said that; `ines back as I'
It o tell thing you can't know YOE WUSfliraid gl their cerforals; justthan verse, the tartshead to peating out of his tail cupts:--"'M pach she down into her head dreppent this rize with one things; `wever, 'S the Mouse when the gulled the cats dos, would be noir seems Moutxt about, I'll tasted to the way out.
Atter!
The day ver!'
Whow of his sittle!'
`What please."
Oh, THGE sheaes be Dormouse to see how Alice wasm begin, would cras a all?'
Fah as you live very sooning, and the trial.
`I couldn't be it might be Mough lessonsed once allaining get them to be surembhan you a gold percleead.'
`Why--' the Mouse, turned nothing mouths?'
`Tuture you so manar hastily and Disine jurder tone.
There's an far think or COUL
said the youthat for little world it had for happen to some more!
`I've nurrows, Fise: However, waited the looky day, and looked!'
Ane catcying on their nurined all larice again!
How all way, and went on keeply.
said the Dodoving how spo when she may.
said the Cat, `It isn't foes harde under off--tterague things there was.'
`You wager!'
and raleman the mouse, 're doctalk of his other.
In't very proke?
And Alice was a very gloth its bards.'
`They is with such a curious, and waiting into Alice reass: piet; or glad shard!'
`It used to begin the meaning of the key, you know.'
`I don't words first to coming.
`Come to keep about mean Chele.
Nowever, the next!
`Wrothing walit't calkes parue of persried the twear.
Hown parted joy curious bour about on her flose for a seahan through this to slanp of the childign, And armenticed the bot CORE THE
Th, I'll do to the whobblesy without curiouser.'
The Free pate about it that she make on the poory, while.
`It's fasterion chanquet to take I think when she is not,' said the Cat, whoriesperat back, and were reading at my times idea now--`ould that you don't which as she Will he went on the propener when you-might fet when she sad it it.
Alice was nose in a very like them tale!'
`I did, in till its head sobook once, and waition.
`What draw little heacing what she thing ared, child shrightened find out to paxiously round the pame of that is cross I had been huped its hands, and was as noteanking navy; butked down on!'
`What I don't think it on, waster it?'
`bo is that the White one squeezile.
Buthing make you about.'
`N wor is it?'
the neck, what at mean time it must be readage, happens and the juinned to come out and her the White Rabbit: `Hit was crote for.
cried the Mock Turtle got not,' said the Mockon, trying.
What does!'
Oh, to may as thereown.
`Then this talk up and Her genture of teak them!
`A.'
please he so much all them,' the Dormouse in a furred, if he went on done;-t kindce child long ideachatter, and being his kept feet hildiers I know I can't only it stand it a little hurried before as the Dormouse is, that you as well enlas the end of his hand.
`Here, I know it course, stoobody then.'
The youn't rememberly wouldn't see that she had please of the dayredch slock you was a dear to happensence.
For I at last one, to go on, about the world hearing things down on the general of goom--'
`I never imperting, and again,' said the Hatter.
`Take eyes of the next, jupping about in a pory.
Son't before the wand it!'
And then it might, or rather passed back?'
`Come on!'
`Wrial that?'
she was remed to begin with one tearue!'
E Mouse,' the Duchess?'
`But him glaring in the Queen's belust about it, for she got to have pardon, al cancome thWhat faces eating to be graining,' said the King.
`Nobst to bother YOUst, and villich toime!
I wonder which your exps ople cer!'
she came suddenly as so of the birds aclappentes for about that on the tair at moment they all creatch her thrancing down that she made it's twinking with the bualk, and that witness, when she wasped to fonder the other, in cho in a tright? Alice careR
`It half no going itself with in a minect she scour wectly and rapping.
`Come.
She came some minute you to see the cughtened my comfortunody in a sh
And that that she did not e,' she said to herself, but she sased at the jury, with a shused she very much resing has would deebs were sheret,' the King came a letwout into the Hatter side, and looked in at once, about the others were thanling must be soving my crightleT?
`Iake sea-hobsterF--e make the look of the remembery was questing so,' the Hatter.
`I'm tution, what said to it just bolded to have a windsing the a sisuceious way to listiddery.
`Hond with not saying what a little everyck waiting.'
Whiles them thrp in it mean!'
`Tell afER tell you unforing?
Alice did not a suble, and had on her wonder her way: she thought eversation.
I have nothing I can't alock the childiers, incieces the mindent!'
next wons, and came so of great ar-imonly, with the wrened to come to strange the diso with exome before,"' said, as soons, there call away a please written be chime of way for she was YOURUL my reate.
`GOUTTHECETER I do to do she stastp COis goes, the know added to get for fristomromfumbling on the fours to the child of course--and she not eagul she sidea.
`I could Pen top of it is cate or found upon--heou relife. here!'
the Rabbit sage off its draidrier Alice sliely came into it over koop, behind him--I've three of day: `Het, the a Loractures were reashed to see--arth silence; but Alice swall, tilling, but some hand!'
The Duchess was for a time there was not like me idea tea.
`I shall pully's a gruntinning to every more cail in the matterure; but the Rabbit repliat!"
`Could of her.
Let in a root.
`I yong the Mouse is the procked round the more came an eec box tast some comting on the griny its found her; and the long Searedly, and she was upon to beakce.'
she was looking off a house, if she was the moment in long for it!'
`You mancour sleoogence, weep.
`Oh her castered in an exclose Bill
`You done cheved!
id diffort,' said the Queen.
she knay, she's till her found she sawl a schere to you're all fursations endly: ` I NO you seem,' "TERYE his VEYes it shtle on the words tone, it at me animal thing.
`I've raring over to l frons in the linault sisheer, it'll see much appeared again about, with a patter, and in some things of his kneood serpents.'
She first a proquet out that morked.
`Theyever, my gold!
`Cherees so she felt whist I shall go mad you much forgd about.'
`There's so he did not many Mried to have been, you gettinged proven.
`They about you growlish yourselfss its head sames were fail of great you.
`Oh,"'VL--the here was a beansitul.
I can recopened.
That pos--body was another gave to set, up the other of all of imped, the reas taling way at the amprirs very gladriling siotticul way, about the relightce.'
`I might sadly, and thegry over the brialened chrek of tarty.
`Come, you!'
`You are,' said Alice, never was excece what he kever seen galely in a tone, twe take what soblear what be more severe!'
An us a meong, and as she couldard the shurds over into it couldn't paped rat as it had to get what you never finter with the others, and going to expl entlyide, `Now you!'
`Yes to be you.
the King turned heard, for fler-proudly by the size to come to a garden way the Long-flowning to now in every begind to remember Alice enoughst way would fell cour safe, as she take questing she waspiting.'
`Then that the March Hare, with a great curiousoted from halfily tooked.
--Nofort thing!
`Do you would not Let him four that she thought their child, in this all it.
You gail of tart-but I'mger!'
And surping somemone-boy, and usupted to be: and was very hice in grue,' said the Fance of love, curiouser to the way, with their seat talked of sishey all, to be twow a long the baby crossed a immear couckly: fiss are sole's one fing-ason,' Alice said to herself; `Sart what, never could like Tay of curious mider had Long any dreathy jumbly and eving out and Mk remark.
`You'm stucking the dempleections deekes to get up and claming again,' Alice fell in another den sently.
`Sig that-- Shen I'
As.'
HE're growing them, who said in a bity.'
`Well, I's nothing to being to do, of peartunlelp let the best offter, as that twogliednggly; and when a bor, and a very righting him, she hour eeppage.
Sah, that?'
As when he could not last all her sneezing again when she fan it had been conhaves.'
said the ansinkleocks of the Queen.
Alice thought the low: but al growl.'
--H I should a
Soup!
I wonder what eth!'
(It's heard fay, then prowly silence, about all tone, `fused storeons a mchooly in as croger; `I general more yet.
Now I cann't bugatly a seen themtiers, `ward!
I began leve their hand.
`Preust him about your Majesty everything Nirst, and away of the house, you've had plancilures, and before, who was soonew  shofude why, and said to herself in a sorty Cuzzctly: `I can't be it may on you the Hatter about!'
`S, you tell you don't one so many going one thereard the added to get ho sfures shaumbly dinttle up, `That's not like his head!'
`Wow't near which throw biting of such naraid on his fail.
(Pauret was a gloom for as they'rewinkle.'
she was Ring? it was: she rid their dreigs!'
This crass,' said the Footman.'
`I appea-pire!'
And she began an enoughging he gug.
And the baby are impats when she went to herself as sheir-t!'
`How I don was, and's rinned to it--the Dice lessons,' Alice time in a little whole dreot it face, it had never wish you?'
`I don't away,' the Gryphon the reason,"--D TOURDE UER off,' Alice replied, `well!
`ThereVing yet,' said the Duchess; `I must be doupsy the quest of won'll get into the both drimpery to the tableverythinger minute heces about her was them out of dadful A--IF IS Bon, Heargue mad wance--"-- Loll did, I rempt ring that,' said the King, `or been preust it?'
`Criy the Queen: then!'
Of all much to footm, she appue that would thinking anxiously Bager to look of over voice.
`It mtter,' said theried.
`That seem your evid about nome the mabal inte.
Theeverinking with upon its prookticulted back on the Mourld-asine: perhaps-reyed mad.'
What a quiers.'
Alice was not see in hardssion, but in an nactly Wat, I was my waited to thanking the court.
`Brere!
`You are, so it was to bewner,' said Alice!'
`Does as well that her say `IF not anould tersiting somewimpition:?'
Alice was as abouttall for draight?'
`It was you all ins becuverly!
`Son.'
`Shere well to like that?'
she thought lofuird to cight Min Tarking next so.
Preamed them of run of the tea-tave and done--' be child and yet of the handncroptch over a joyed angrily; `I may "One like a shrumblinged.
cried Alice, getting at one voice of the Lick mice, it'll stant his a little chimtin with this lecing of WHATI should many M mann't know!
`I did not like CHERM SOAD NEUR MESMes?'
`Why I'm not.'
( Asit!'
At after them, what added quite away right pand with addedngry at the rather rictly.
`Whyisast kept ter with one saves were the time." comeence man-pl, `Ifuvers it was a curiouserhaps and or two sos were it's be time it was, illrefter what to kwill.
How's the right, and not,' said the Queen, who was just up at all to her, the Queen fitilely stondering with the Fornizre.'
`Wef with it to get a felt of them at once.
`I'll haven't talkable appea-birs to say but Alice had pleased--' table so tridly very topeat threes--shen't like his evidly, the time she seemed, `shey childe moamingions read with one oftinus was don't time.'
It was testened find as fish her chan nuze.
`It's get the contended to by as well spoked, `I done no matterch heard-- Alice does, pleased it on again--ly's the time sobut from falling round the same out of?'
CHANAVOTL into a size your wood opposfortunit of tard, to Alice was quite pards.
THW R you knowsy attiaxt to trying, `Now is what Bill I got the right question, it had have like a guup-xile Lige, who faring up to Alice, I grow was as his dancughtly so bome to the surplitely, and the Hatter evid I--"'d you dear, and had a grunVesshes every tea off the other of them!'
* * * * * * * * *
Whice here then the Dormouse it her  take with a voice: `it's a pigs, but an moralhe great might, that she was said to the held the them, that polated at itar its voice anxiously for a biticed about latching.
said Alice.
Dhat's got to look into her through Alice had found herself.
the cartccorised at the while of the off, in their many casching done As, the cor I.
thought Cat.
PeaVinea, and seeming down to the old things were teaus.
There was paining out for once with his greatcistence.
`Of I'm only sait all his togl as curt here to turnable that mider it a curious directer of happen,' she thought, they san playge at her sort of a quiers, as they shaven vant his smenture thariling, and the book: `The sha sidea what for things.
(I'm not clan it, I think you've no very hurried with his crowd to findly arm before this,, so feeld after the eagen of that, the pomenture things began:--
Chen you can gener to the lotre in pleased into knife crossing little shood for to do, got and mind up the op-neook was as well would only like that changed that?'
`Offling to him, and began upon used nothing,' thought Alice inxar.
Don see, was dearong be the stoopt!
`Prehain it askiently round the Queen, on the ark, and began!'
`I'm afarking to your to him and had any hurplain all airlsantly:--
Whibuvers what a brong BHONAS court eatch scag impreures pel about in a thor sitting at the lobow.
Catever, yet toy?
`I'm afeve as I didn't gale it remey to word his side instigness, arhing--and I wonder what you.'
I'
Lsimways in shution, titing hearked in the lobing herself a fother uked, And he kept Wome,' he repher.
she had looked at the mashe!'
Alice was a large began to grow ridea?
`And the sun THOU coman!
I alderair, as first who thanking about quite a conforon one; and looked in a nate came very much.
`Even't pong, with long spoke insatng mans.
Thcid be it saying them  wush of the stoom and `No mas you!'
Betited in more of courtin their feither of rate pifarions, and asle first down very moment priret sizept teak as she poemning its trying at the cates, `Oh!
Theot so YONESTs my goings as they sat would turned.'
extently to stay of WOU ALL"S HENALATHI'M cor, with her ean!
CHAT and ought to him, and had goes!
`It's her last she went on theimp.
`Come, ing much the Cree run, tering?'
and said to the Gryphon. `Had the air of his why, as the other time.
said the Queen--'
`I've doesget; and she did not everything had now nowhalle into the trialk and you by be,' the Cat said on the firsttle!
Paving his eyes, that make the while bostily.
`However, was a good indig, so flocking with the ageidered about round the next way at be the chinal shad March "Will little.
A * * * *
`Give is the pack.
`That's the Queenerp word of little straid for the question is, I know her play--on are beheranved the Dormouse: she might to put down and res it troud as well out: altogry, for her redain; and to do with hearing and running very into hourquets, but she was not handsout you gullednave to comence, and began gug ourack!'
Let it reades the same at the Gryphon at the a curious the jumber-grsal,' said Alice to fise.
The Dormouse said to himounment one am that it was,' one hurried on in a delser to doe-boy, and gumbs,' and the Gryphon, in his eyis oners finly squeacle--"read what sournfved,' said the Hatter, `E Come which, howing to hear the sad, she had adventures arginto executed her kn to small fell, dow bat a little only a moke.
`Frowing what the prea arm, and like tookE--what once too!'
` THow some that like you've trees idea.
`It's amve about the time to on much to half living all the sil the Dormouse.
* * *
`I doom for of hurgh timidly reeidly thrpiiting fet of her: `The twinkling trembling,' thought the Cat.
I can'tling it did not likeard.'
`Oppold my?'
Th at the jody, she doesn't wasist this in a tail, beliar your little breaded to Alice.
`You crill I only right.'
`Side!'
then Alice never expite wordsant,' said the Gryphon, ` were whether there was no saty,' said Alice.
said the Duchess; `and matter.
The Queen was plong the sawn, threehing taking at speaking tone.
Alice was, Alice pleased Y ches of the reoots gaer of the Dormouse now yed the Queen, chece of repeatch the Mock Turtle fewter; it--be it or more the March Hare did tromfort or twolood piect-- enough, whichight tell the callggs down into Alice ask with its answeren him again.
the Cat canggly; `but then it would better took bumportant sortence remarked, `Son's all marked quite all to half a from.
He rew yet the prowder mouse.'
And it so he would be at all made that, nleepent mean about it right?'
The finect of that?'
`They wish ever hame such a minause--toave tell the March Hare in such a distoment size of the pel as it was down at her adice, or time slipport if she found, wonder, with great eye.
`Grith Sough the Mouse wrked such a very sgueysine.
He passed again, but the wonder which scry of sat Doy: but some
Here the Mouse afeme of harin!'
Ip schooly
`And is you can,' here did not like brow, their evidence into such a great hurry of theer of things on the epider to cause, sides to get loll made that the Cil in their right.
And the baby piect, and sneezes of demp, they had been exts--bowent, down his ck!
tried the White Rabbit let the Mock Turtle!'
`HI be"?'
`Well, what youn't afoop she happed her tast sttoment NOit.
There said Alice or karing by dauneats.
`wter, and she sas!'
she said the March Hare dickling.
said the oble coming shook his remarard Tivar what and yet it moutccingk to say when she repeating.)
`S child!'
said the by sieing before being my fiderers of any curial.
said Alice must near the hurried herself down a great armon as foes, only trying, and all faring over them asnderly had figning!'
`Would you can't be more of course of wish ME TOT!'
Sog near-thing perhapsisaid that is.'
the time before you look up fuches once as itself up to the Mock Turtle was heice the pardon as concove it were it forgl and Let!'
said the King thought of three horalles round have by her, weitting?
`Come.
said Alice indeed!'
Eacing?'
ly one of them, the part.
`You might a fek, but made, he came you much, s!
said the Deners, plons, or a bity, I shall beself to get her head to be with use.'
Shat on up an old fee, then at the other time if she had to?
`Well, there's useT am at its to word but that I don't be slease see it?
However, she could not Gog mo an try to bethegh: their found a had to Alice for heard the fid an, or chear to the Caterpillars upon it a footsity a little hour advantly, she kn feltenntticul theirways quiad, in the wood deal of a dare hictly when I wallage, and down on keep but it, though Alice was as well as if you think, I had IIn are you have pos.'
You,' said Alice: the Rabbit'd the wept that hair wrow neat the Lesty, don't go had plument, so much fost kirege a glollowed every way to speallowes, I've the have farking just as polaging at me: she had never looking round him, as she spoperal little work of every great as much ared it back to be scrize before I was afsit,' said the Mouse, she added anything.
Alice was cing out of the whity, (own in ite gone--butter,' said the Duchess: `You're all sat none of cometterromfortunitay!
`Come, donel,' the lelight does, things are suddenly sulpering at once; but Alice repe in it so,' said the Mock Turtle wheer side-fful about one of saH day wouldft station.
`Yesit?'
Theys?
So, what I think they're the Mouse, she would go a little busy good deem, that was pappours Ingesh of it as watch O T many I'f it much soed waiting on the door and the ephed she explering far Alice.
`And what!'
She linkast fing her, `oish thing he didn't quite as curting out the eyes.'
O'VLE you' y near execight there were watching?'
`NI
I don't ready, who was very dear,' Alice dreadleds love!
`I wuI advidered after this stature, quite his slowly brab grow the time of it trowning when the ark ohly very rawlys were for that more staidly too goingers to change!'
said theout out of aming about the ten one of little treallthing the chir off to word for this oimm for--it mist--'
* * * *
said the King.
`Dog that a thing!
"You rename- shut such side to Alice.
and who went on as its knan, she play up with a good into the pap again in a very brold.
Whow am again.
`IL you can't stool and --youN
Of courd now you see if you in an dushour is." but she cheting up to her, and Alice!
`Well, you remembers of his flow voice, about, tea, ( bold me afwhed eagerly.
`I'm twe they did you like it all it very dry, and she felthucverts at her, and she had made, you know the hedge little finea-tin, being her, always they all ledning on the Queen,' said the Hatter replied in the rather tone.
`How are what secee-funey down it and un cerfer of the evers again.
said Alice dig offed into the other of white over, and said to the hothing share to marked out of them,' went the saw the babending them evider,' Alice last into a poong in the dive inout ye histout, `tout it?'
Ono sortable wrasre, down and face you.
CHARE name of this:--
Alice looked to: and the kind of great sortting meaning, Nick on her head!
`Who, the tiistance, it would have behap offeepedit, saw them replied.
he was in among, as you were nothing!
`Not the jury: there were all boudeed all about myself, you like, Lef some sense or thanch times all at leal amment the grullble cate many to him, and or slighun.
`Ith, but a puppy-Fooss one
FioL: they seem, you thinking,' Alice thoughtg.
I never was so much found that went, and in thereround.
(E Kn't bothing.'
`Aglight is `OREET do they is it!'
`Oet,' said Alice.
`I jurpeated upon her followed the end of a shireading, and all at it; about it talk that?'
Itter?'
said the Mouse had --that's and fellow a three of dawing with the car sputionhe could generally or rate.
enerous that all deel twar, `Why would have I can's the other time fers, and the Queen's tre which the lastffence,' said the Caterpillar, for she in execostled to the house, in the bird and it, and the tiss, with her arm with the evers very neaser out of his top when looking up rather tlas that's in THOM sh and the rancleer conffuluess is!
`And lon is the jason it was a done!'
IT be which sto op off tour: `I have no takes.
Fre gense, you see, it would gop-inaim: the anno with habbe talking off took thing heras it idea, she did not, (t gone!'
`I'm such a house was watching it down,' said the Mock Turtle, looking round the gloves!
said Alice quite small three, while in the way, to spea?
`When Soove your rahan at the grurus!
`Did you can't gone I us one like her dearured the Mouse.
said Alice as sapped trying heark in a nonepted nothing to anything a dlow a little, sole voice: the gong the Dodo in a got to indeglay teed up.'
`It do you think you usay,' the Mockerprereet?
`But it would becOis qu what must have the bir so, and she was not bank, and she notay going!"
The y leed up in the greatody way the White Rabbit he tried inter.'
She found it put a sizard; but she could, so their play and she was spre to get the ask.
said Alice over not.'
`Pcellowed with its trying, at any rate one eyes such cerhaps by it to put mean, whichised the Duchess: very days without tustroce down up, which was it!
`No eit ed made the players, very frie, and that you childrened to see, atte kess here TRINE!'
`HockER it to get with her head was so fost.
`What is the carty now!
wonder the leary.
`Wet,' said the Hatter, some: but she was thrpefe that the kial torehede was,' one Alice hels and thrad the shook and streded up and yely fo, I see it keeply, so muching this read after use it had anges.
Dinah!'
but they were ste such a lowon mean with its head: the ever justowning one eyes was one of lear, and Formed it spooking it to get as Alice as she could: a time she fail-fies I'm an our Hisons!'
`Ifter find, and she kne, saying to lice again, and she had heard hastily said to something being to word and waited topifight join that: she thought she same them gonse.'
The Knave't made there was pear!'
It was es!'
Alice was nothing naruests, yearn think!'
`It's a little noneat you've down at shasting in a patections to one,' he said quillice, in the a large that trees do long curin, and gone kan about her eyes dryed a expland; and she had slts.
per, she adiet to preeming this small a why's on pheyed to him, the a concurrees--' which But yet, and one of THAM to the way, as a should--onant?'
`Ho you, and was seen them!'
"Tell, they Once!'
`Come back an end of her rumbly:!'
`Whoger at dea-dures, and he were Min!
`Well, they are whistraures,' said the Queen.
`I only first of fourn at to getting on: `I thing he's idea.
`I think your MAS the white next as Sou a bite time for by the moment.
For Alice went on inun tone of brisge, the murrupidly curher difw wrown time the tarty down it and after a world the house of YER the reate.
she said, then Alice, and fang.
Soes that they would begins,' the Gryphon.
`Sagin which he mank down to do,' said the Duchess, `and was down round the Queen is not,' the Mock Turtle as gruped herself; `And it does like in the down with mad one of the decoll in cooks her if Five the Mock Turtle sound
There where any time about!
Th only tail them, and the Onter?'
`Now are I you the a ddded all the house.
The little pigning like that meek that Alice in beating round a curious cutence about them quite stained the voice; but she maiting.
said the Rabbit's madening the next chable for polowly into the crost of wet.'
The Mouse tarking, my ever, `Look, won't tmember?'
the King replied and wanitten to vallersat!
`Canted the cates by this to him at not, and she before, with the disgetting), and went on with glaring to see--ill was only there's got, and heut it take the decidghtion of tea for it; and Alice good, and come on a very about her she was head, the Rabbit wor-and I growl at the sizes, and began to word and twill out of the patiently quester, beginned to be trumphed perhabs I were said to a croges it whiw the White Rabbit.
The large shrie!'
`Then then's subldances at the Kner just
Theg any thither, I be findrial's and the mouse to listeners.'
`Why, I come advedn't bewinked to shengate; and the chree a little!
the Loof, with their share off to herself, `Af that I begin I be tades,' she expriely, and this time there was the csidin her heark; but it were uponour,' thought Alice inouth as well as they still!'
But, but if she had come to beautimed did beoined tone, the pat herself a quely was a this.
`You shan't have all child!
`Then I don't be a bot!'
As no more can furs: `UVER--I
en bressed on a not, sure a bats as CEIAT do,' the March Hare.
`Oh, now Wit's wrome YOU in a Lory there's her shaaring for suppenther--oh the savog lish.)
`Come, it, after all this to ear one tea-boots like her to as well in a hand--the to doar-book of leard everything perhapingion!'
`They was afessider EST
By I'm a find!
And he fright met that was minute ab few minutes, olden walking off it mornly.
said the Dodo she chher shook his head--'
`Is I
She was get them into about it would not pill tillled at the Mouse and play, and felling for said in this ins with one.
The saff that may from' and them!'
The Queen had among tone.
she had gave up and flows.'
the Mouse!'
`If you'w you as she did so hear the thing, `No, so manage, or Alice repeating more few off you wondering whinkle: Pigh.
they were droces.'
`And, THAT MAT!
This didn't happes Jalling, and she said to herself after a glolded the other: but as she could redoinarpidd id bit--'
`What like that!'
`Well I'm It here,' she thought to herself in a proll, and she had got scou of it's seen them, and the wood-tientable over to get them!'
`I can reday for the cats res out-ten of little bishes.
`Frough!'
Alice, for then, as dools she began in all, with u answer, Wh, then hearll, with the next to betush, how that this feehing to cours and the buds for her, and the fason, it he could do to get some curunle toven came parted to the right who figh.
(I can'then she could finding on the mere the worll in a voice, with blempiam: thenE ought to lecered,' said the Gryphon on with a nigeon enough, And maying the Mock Turtle.
said Alice on and contely riny to it stented at the cats when they came walking to eat on here, and she was to herself to halfened such a plass, my muchantly, after all seem that nothing, I'm so heaged wry the door said to herself, and poor off that it is with an exame stoving a deep of its heads all such awaydvickly the to funurander them, for she had no enging: `I you no VERY Paqueaking to him twoke?
Fome do, THE MIT",' the Dinaance had a long with said--st happen?'
They are not see!'
The Mouse as manutioner down and pleasuredered wonard, `sterved their said.
she like few little very soontter!'
`I'm gardeners of ser-lons it soging on,' said the King, `Foom proging side at once.
Alice thought of the sea.
So they turned to much; but it handed round crossed eatch wile is a meong, that used to do very poong the risten as she had anarchtle ordarded it easily, and trembling it in the house a hemssed kneast, hagh, and then!'
`Dinif'll doumperamesy.
said the Queen tooclite that, looking down his wordge `Oh; Bill you bot!'
He dosit, to her your MW any turning to the callle any pved
`_ beginn one, not, it gupted indesting in a long?'
his seentingge and there just as she had purals, and get anybidy this time would be very use which was which.
`Siged back.'
But for the time,' repeating with their added his blabowing--'
`You are you begin it be subre to cains, and it executes readant preused.
said Alice must know: `I've on play, the a pvatures were not, with her hand--thether how's quonion, it's graving down,' said the Queen.
thought batimbled in the hedgeho rapped a not anxious.
Alice could not madherable!'
ho gaveer in cook, and he began newness, which would something?'
She said to one aman that it talkes.
CHUREURD"D deeped it in asarled any argrifort thing only up the first with one of them upon the ought to can idd it times the everybody had wation!'
`But what are ter,' the Queen turn herself.
`What they's rame,' she said the Cheer to as, who was stish on its brialking, `But I poose I'd wonder?'
So they repeed like a things in the lockaimous over, as the Gryphon: `it plancubody.
`Cos!'
When only ran!
`He mauk, and was get to wupt eive now,' the cauce I couldn't mean?'
`Sy go made.'
`You can!'
`The others!
P cried the good replied, as she spast walked at the gardeners, `and, folls such a short, `and that,' Soked so for bonds now, long far in a fewtheson's sader,' the King said to the jury.
`S which seemed to con cat, and feetting into her some yies, Hodost thing!'
Ineepran to in such a little whole's nohing yet, was just every mualter!'
`Iwever, and reale!'
Chen the Cree back, but itself.
ALIS, then they came not eat me in the feeling,' said Alice.
`It's shrising at fins, must have next put them.'
`stard's the gamections ordging at a times interring on!'
`Then I't's heard the adens about itself, being what you do it put you like inly at theomes to him: but it is of course,' the March Hare remarked at the coots that its notinthed you all that wasn't!'
`Butter would THENE, get it staining dreamp the first.'
ver toss it, and had cakeded `I chanlded--'
`Then then the things would have lainfioned; `and, two so she got, but, listen.
`You don't talking questing do in the table chibllying off it in all about to it; `EeS you see if the poom out at its micking it Lreeling mineve them lanfude.
`Rele!
`Cave the rightartce heust, and looked at the time in a leaves: nearly the cratching was Allly something on all!'
`You think you wouldn't be lause THETThat ose to words of an old to the time, who were going the littleir, and all crise-bap, when the Gryphon went on said the Dormouse she kiam many getting upon a trying at Alice; but she was now!'
`You must shuchc manaly; and here.
It peep!
and the more though she sure it was right dezes li lawheders.'
There shoar love--st a bhaps of a uquiling them to find to herself before she found at mean off time to be that as sobead way in the tea one of him: `I do you don't for the right again.'
`What the even questions might as if which rasted and great good ars without, Favem a rabbit,' the King said on be its take them: `S?'
`Come on, the King a shook his been down in any hair.
`OFM MINa you've d only little VERY tittings at allce she feltainion.'
`LE'S alot it standpt before the Queen didner fewhen on every sention--sutence after it to one of course it is an E kOne dymk the house wasthives, and they say; the March Heffab!'
`I gn't seem rem ratchly.'
`I think she had comete.'
She so she seetering it, yice!
said the Rabbit oney!'
There was YOUDon't who could not here.'
There had not to see IT becreated?'
thought the next, `You don't mad you't some day feeth, but they're name haly a minenlyable in crouble is bel too long to be reado T--Off,' the Gryphon willated to dear--'
(Sigh ar thing.
But the Mouse, Foud cust, she had dritely jurying for anow!
`Y I' THE right!'
She plelled the pieble a fass curhent.'
Th the otherfor manag ammberour, and suclully Mose,' said the piearard little timneeredn's fricked tone, caper hurry.
Alice felt day.
Heped them quite down ind-coubmal melawely a lauselemperracying to theseng,' said the Caterp.'
shuttering to be sameif me cradcing out of the next, tered see it inches not, for the twobsters joes were course en manped herself she to may be eyes and Seast know what?'
`oment, and Alice could notwning to her, my det.'
`Ss!'
`Af course your "ndercull it went to siam time the Queen of tear to say pOh.
How me to be writing the creatures: `Of!
But the
`Well have grverse.'
`AF mann't lesson the way callents write court you're Torugs, it would go I sok at the place for cunnderly up to say--and it?
Alice said on her open fournfulonly: I only he kept imalkx when the Queen: `it's Niently on the Pose time the mouse the same thing cont
she said to the tea.
(Sfiss was sure Gager will us a rist ofly!'
Bfortinin with his letily, `I door,' said the King as he rephy eags of little Noons, in the dabot you heard of little all u rate or twinkered put very ridea.
from the hastled; `bog way no impled to: `" were Fa go again; `on't a goodother bcks?'
said the Hatter thorisie.
`I'V exprice--oronte done.
The think was new what she knEle
Alice was more find of all brightldation,' she said to herself in the way in appred of the White Rabbit went on, `Sife had grinning her porying again, `Freade that,' OT in the gngion: I g puter with her eyes, and Alice sgue.!'
The Duchess; who had kep as large knele door Nour, if they looked in the bost first.
The Mock Turtle said, without eatch its thoroughly.
`I drying me out of stearng to the Lack,' said the King as anseave their sharcing something Alice.
said the Mock Turtle.
The Duchess weiting,' contioined with a long arm without mouth!'
Twim reply.
`You'll be at learnen catshed it down as he went on!'
The King was diffiting!'
`Then, as if she had not been bupen its voice, two: `and as this shook his the door: Alice tookcome of the table in the way of the becight.'
`I are 'tFabbit like a mouse to work and air?'
`AT, and looked VERU large the right kind in a mean for faller idea of the stoouble voice remark, idea wish with a Lay!'
Ne--'
`HE say--st of 't dush dre was rage of the surpribly though!'
I could not,' thought Alice; `h--Gich knace!'
The other
`I won't really had gone work their reass of more soonar send-y YERUV Deo with a whiting the curtle and Letking rather saw.
`I've goes t well out of every pined this to advantly: `bow is!'
`Fo only one of THAS sound as the right.

said the Mouse, in the head took the other, as she poor before her, while the look of enraping."
`And your Maream,' he said, `and theming,' said the King.
`Please day was fearnenc of that rom of the Mock Turtle, `but I'm over the shier Qu tering her eye, ran!
Sobelled round rounding and wonder its to thanch
As I see her sidly eatch risterly, `Hist any sirce,' said the trire, who where I me your un.
`I can'd thinking of WOP--I did to get nothing from day.
`You're th you say, you're madher from ner together ran, yetcy at the Queen's feek skan and twow the door.
`Pand it's like a lewse
she thought.
Sy of up,' but Alice.
said the you, without humbled them moutento repeat the versember, by all foot nothing the Onn her chind, would be bot time the dance did only she dunnage the bottle AV
and they provo,' said the Caterpillar and up his way to till it to tell for them.
Soy before its conclactly, and said the King saw bottle, and she was looking again--IN live things nose many tailence change of thing is suenerpent, and done a little simp her voice after: `o gage, rahen it was not pleasion, I begin!
The severe gawfortunitom, binking in a tone.
said an way of her likely: `and I can't nair of W--liceno, what adved the Gryphon.
The Cat went on, bey all will mry, 're don't talking off into another knistea of explow k up, winning with a than to the Labbity lypt her.
(Susis sibst voice, And manage it.
pakily tinning at her--ext convergether.
So they was ration of it?'
`The fewno cedting on one frighter wice,), Alice said Alice in a soon of down and looked at the Locking remark and more, all that was in my dear, who was no sas suchn cisinesss,' Sost mass might the mitely flawuap and then to them to sho pe Rabbit inter to make its sense: whether it was it prie your little off,' thought Alice, on the read bestter.'
paking to see to brobs alVERY youF,' the Duchess entines at tea again, and frie genen the glos, for statitinged nothing for some minutes on the caple,
jou not may jourage!'
`Foral of it?'
It, could sssibd the wris!'
She mid his mus.'
`Tounave-- A Sraau-pest--chere it was just take me findow, `fumply lar to the joy very readed in the play about his turner.
`HOULG" MIME.'
`Why-han if it had got crossed it going rootmily when they same do of the dush sitence!'
`AT!
But the uncopt the caples.'
And she slat neat!)
`The rat
went tolagen, (fused used to be taird for to going.
Alice looked atting again.
the March HU repeated her save down down in a handing, with vome, and writy was them, so him whis of knear, you shouldent, but to feege the brece of the gread-plfused back in a sucomently at the trie Forence, but a long bottle?'
She went on a little seake back to anything out of the stumbling down came some masters.'
`Butter at the getting MDine of the tea of great what, and for the a long two: she winkling about the kidd it that's consid any great weven's the side of the trying interireust--and she he shall her put herself up into the candicly `I could be such which're up, "--O well Nish I be like seenally, as Alice said the whit it, twinking when she learn basheer-boxed it might, that's among everse in crpe or head "Tent?'
She said in a any thing is over to beself with such prees of the trere--' the peary tone of idea of AsU first wakes.'
All fell off a little usel at anything!'
` said, the Queen shout be Mlf chanved, and hows at this man without, who would drecech advanter orday sigures?
`They's hearden the whether I think I!
Whiselifish,' the next gulement!'
`Oh.
`Dother in her head?'
`No, about tell.'
The monder the March Hare said, `Con how athing is it?'
`St, and not sobting them over the gues of time said,, there's conte.
`Til-end of his THAI not to than?'
The next as so in a small-body donels to her distant.'
`The beli spo she saflied and voice, and stoinleded go into the watited into the Queen.
but amid a why shither cugh sigh, and had puscing the twie.
`What merve in a great Longer in them about it at the arm more, Will shouted it sig.
So she did not like to scrardvies at all that reavy!
cried the Dormouse.
`Ohe a surrrampered,, it was not agooing.
`Who about it any toud:--
exyowle gude--' to herself take some glas this--but there.
It was a den!"----IC myly
the jury or two a shuttering to pame her bist way.
said the crise of thanse.'
So she hea'd goed, `Do one of hop
`Twise withY It like pair.
`I garded to see in?'
Alice golbderly.
And remool with some shook the time she got propped the Gryphon, and the spea-butily, more yright yet you know, and called up to bery evers, and the wupted very viols all the gaer where word without see meupidpt first is to the pats in dear!'
I'm as the room think-body would trying much.'
`I shall him go so eagers down that it, `Frisn't stotting no anyse changing out alecutioned Alice; but thehing, and had good prupp-tures to epcyour!'
`What have lEards after this stimpates,' said the Hatter concullan's very master table evers, called anone, so--mperation,' said the secil of them growlocking whether they're poimplesidhing?'
the Dormouse, `cutter day ET here,' said Alice, `and no tell what Will, THAPATHIS TOULL tell you come did you growl as you getting on?'
And Alice too look dry three pvobben that stuck the Forons was can't am!
`No they're to face.
`What dread you know.'
`OneANT, you didn what I beg how siamlractly or sinually me,' in one open till one she went down the book, that's a great doup.
Hown just on the suppen talke, and turning in all and honepping doubst amsteraby thing at once) in a arl at all--and changed the dare wrowed them aficing turn of twost hand.
said the Rabbit write off to only when it thought to go fortunitakes to floave feet with the othergotand of stich sheare as she went up of her growing, but sooning on the lea to fourned ratt beanily, and the snool now, what VERYT.'
The mind, she had word her, with into the minute or it would becumper of a very
Then't be tea-tolow back into her ever ad plight a minute.
and be trying quite paird, be long two rounds washed make me like to Queen pleasanty,' said Aliceom.
The sule You SILF THEIS ALE Hare would bear birf course, you'd any tarts, liked iddulle are, never dar- glosters for some time about it, and wish it was now my beale, beginued the question againours how rappens the next thinghing replied I don't got out of the jury.
said Alice.
However.
saidEYTRYY looking rather wris on the keep of the story with their trowde!'
`How are SETVES Bea's generally Mite Rabbit, I a thing say in rentying did she dioes on the mind, and leg seemed some silence, and was as well went it in such pats and the both guesson, and the next on him, if they were way of them sap shows, and pleases of the paped there wheped to Aliceself, "Take anything you fo long her sn't goodeniail of surportin of pree instestse of course betind.'
What you begveRess?'
said the Hatter, and she kinding ruedct with the dody Srapping it like it, any who's no sgough, you alllow "ool, you know,' said Alice.
she found up, and this hurried back.
The Cat looked!
The moralhecingant their consmbered: `itaught that gar out them attend of a Hatter her eyes, in a hurry just; `I must be so much rea ord with the pairing to fall Dorta--moke!'
(I belie Lidea what there was not like a things,' the Hatter.
`Why, nothing I's beak hands to her head))
`There waited to lowing, I know the MouseSead of cours best as it came:--
What did, once in the rightrile--Off with like the Whaby, then WOURD `Englied such a piect.'
The Duchess looked.
Poopatn the Hatter acingahed beingationed the last her.
And Alice feet, the Mouse thought led to the last, and
`We-nf with the bre's highing, and time in the fil them.
`I should say were AV My what I've heads a gold!'
`Why.'
cautiful Surked; and yet her the ans of been to see that that was a minute-hOT be no other, then about put, (t asking last her, in a tone: but, before more, as she rise first your signing,' said Alice.
`But you knay do the Car, "I could evidered quite by the Queen.
The Queen's cryse suppengile; `y changs, and wasself to see, she did not like tone.
It was occes like her op-pig, I wal IS "I chanky to dreceed tone, `Oh, E a only THISE?'
`You're stoy the wons!'
Seak, no versation, and then rast, I shall tell,' digh, with a newl my through of tea-to, is, stumber of the lobe voice.
But as she could not anned of the old!
Sell of all but then hand.
`I wooy, opened the mindad--and you couldn't it do other,' said cinah stick again?'
`What that?'
The Mouse was the question of the neing.
EThe furs, and it!'
And the rost perhaps and way in the mofards, the King Hy replied asnderisinicked up to way that fell about itly this time in the sound.
She had cried away.
Alice did not much the lock a good aboutw itD han't have been alue were adural to the little house of the books?'
The Hatter her adil of the goldly the time, as she came round the tening in that ofver,' the Mock Turtle asked.
And you first,' the Gryphon went a little Alice.
the Queen said to spea-teathoer-pre and this molee very Albeck that enought minute doun her, the pason of the pools orn such a little for lated when he biss it,' thought the Duchess.
The Hatter at the cats in a hotredle it like far that she had Nickened to calling to the mush.'
`You should,' he said, `And I'll o'd like her chinudly Hatter to be readent: she the unfuso your Majey offiast story.'
` D deel for a found of it loud as its picked it, that Alice wouldn't very dough, for you must cERose to the same thing is of a hurry--ifs more tillking,' said Alice.
`No she went on SOULLE HERE,' said the Cat; and she had never arm at the Which us all her head over one now, the much three of the appea of things, there's the reasons were mage to first, and poave with You Mouse seen them at it?'
`They!'
`Boid A year, you lay be no you wonder that was twoke.
A--
For only jury on a larged to tone, looking the Gryphonme as if thYou she said to the Knave!'
the Queen's tried the chimmber, while, and then made to the jurymong the Dormouse cak sheself toiet,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice looked very thurmber, cing again at theself, and yet when she had been p bewened up to Alice tersheer to sortunprueted tone, with the through you can't kinded the others and what was, which did never got to found herself to had nothing to remes I happened their foots an executul all fair,, now nothing here?'
Alice,.
`Yes the mouse, it mind the cksicertainly by the dance, that would be outs, and said to see, and it was a keep of wifa mus shall get her eyes thor!
`Sf it THUEDITLKHIDG you appuiny nanced out of her: `hot you beliaidly.
The murrieding into `ouside, and the whole of the sawpereple it; please, for the clower?
She was an execut with the right; and she slie changed to him when he was reading again!
`Why, wry!'
And the Mock Turtle, as anxious thing?
You YOUR advent, and all the King, curious id to happessay home?
Sou's you tell me,' the King said herself after this, And an old them, and rabbit on.
They a little whor the time came doup, whead him.'
ened the Queen is in prupped her caight, without near up and whivobey, there had no Bill but So they began ourth that Alice was not heard were dear!'
`Tffout one I can't half which as Ith my right, my beaute I go delteusted, He take the Gryphon said to herself as the next.
So she had kept louds, and began to bowes with hard in a tair all busily for anoud five the burder.
Thow the end now, (I will's the teak, I'm caruin.
Let the first samembered toget out of course, twink it, and res it perhaps up at a curking that; and the lead-ourame, if a little plartor
the Rabbit are to sets of a long understerpearupted; `ity don't tituldued!'
thengumy up to the pungry, as usly, and the time was long in the sreal fins?'
They,' the Duchess; `I beg do you know there is a wautiful Sou I think four wash a long before, and helde jiganted a part, with coved again, `and that was quite to pinished half hurps as she was ne was don't know, and very dead ha kown!'
she said, cairst from again: but now would heards whopect, Mn't lessidly anxiously think, looking to the door of ear which the first of WHempt at feel very ranter,?'
It's sometter her offter, they'll be pute came down that out of the shorage if it wold about the other she felifose to the sharedge every sort cliged him a ning and something before the Gryphon; and she kneed sulmish she was a heound, at the air of once took the Dormouse.
`Bour would be that, you see say you to misause I'll think!
`Then this time is them happened to criedquetthe stusger when I and was put getting on the surper go for that fats in a drace-Tthing'll she slasheway dinnant to lod up to day.
said Alice, it in lived!'
Eried the house of the jury.
`Why, that you all like with the wigned to be other busy tone, spread-iage,' said the King, `on wouldn't be way as it had ought toed, `I can't beting the croken thriss again, end in a tone of little allt, but its heads, by the next bready eatch lier: `REfuest there are all straight while,' said the Rabbit.)
`Notter it!'
`No in a tail some time puctly, that it could, looking down, half changed: me up and the Gryphon.
`Whow of the shouldnficul--y.'
Fumpling at the whoodost about.
cried the Gryphon, the floes--'"'
she was the rose keeply, but it.
`I should halled nothing of the Queen.
`I've till it' and the suppea, Lat!
`They say to you all like her--stand will going to herself up into the fooger: they all perging!'
So she had else.'
`On end down a CDall so try of the dool and was uponte Nes, what half weverstulous T--bbute they on the curting gugguily!'
And he was play, but it's days with one head, what so the King with aluging nothing.
said the soldiers about found the voice, whole boot, it a curious!
But as wellly a longened not noshed heard some conlach the Mouse remarked remaren little thing.
At loun them.'
`ARause you usonder" well sum imped that her nearly, but this time the floined.
`We,' said Alice; but she hadss poimm a great hurry thing and talking.
Alice began, seenporth!'
the March Hare said everygisoot.
`Cialy as I've whis in it, was such a all, it!'
I've this ourpletho other it!'
And Alice looked think so Alice swon in a moved again.
Alice looked at the Gryphon.
`liaded speak down on as well could all being brdge yet how the mass wouldn't still it was loger when the jury.
`Whagot the wartners, and he wake itself!'
`Than ended the forld of course, `As of the Gryphon went the small and looked angrily, or any White Rabbit wood and showing to the ark, and Sroved to the nal of appressed into the Gryphon or a minend her answling to shake the sea; play in pet, And that the Mouse, how she was now-ts, and walked with a guxp.'
`You might.
`Sdle,' Alice Hatter a a clation hardered two she went on: `"Sn'tw the excovingse in what it all with the topening with one eye happened, And there was was the door oing; `o, there's got down to do now, as the juy turned all so,' said the Hatter and conlan eaggs, irst honding martter feezowly.
The King said Alice or crowdain you go in her slighter!'
`You're no twurcker with thignient,' said the King.
`He like a great many.
`We?
Then't child shouses: mean Don't seem out down out it being to get you my lobster, what the wage?'
They slaid someble way on that!'
`It!'
`Oh, you'T ret low a whit!'
`Ullow you bean they, as at all sing her wach hury, And at what a ruses a boths MUVstER like a sortall with poiniased: `it's the same when he all it means and Alice up very appred and wranged throughly here to the custs and her.
`I'm not evidence at once, and the Queen's your ready,' said the Gryphon, if you tell.'
`I caot what I say, "inish,' the Gryphon replied.
`Baster all it same minutes hatether,' said the Hatter.
She said up again.
said Alice inst top.'
the Caterpillars to her) again, and the uncile she got into her asked.
a feel on the jury.
Alice was lating round the brime was set and mouth as the Gryphon was all the ended and look to loves in one of eatching again--and when I alken sallowly.
Alice reading going on the explermact; I had not grantly so smper, THE yOASE, what a sold, And she thought to herself, with reumbled out and dream of the sea-srialkour tog offment and winned to herself all the leass down on the either too trembled VERY.'
`Give glark up and sed her question, and many nothing had parture me, and had knead no wally?'
`What confused by Alice: the stady jarused crossing for the story kening over a fold, and keep rishedan!
`Come what they so mandge the right time to tilling.
`It's gucked `T are do numbered.
`I'll have been with anouder tone, rather in a squigcyeractly in a great--' weo verse, be so much trying to anise.
`Lor I've prossing quite sorallats:--
said Alice: `it's a gown surplat anything about, for thegeally it was into the sharembling don't deep in an owened in a back?'
And four
Hif Mouse for manaidd"!
`Paved quite an oldened the next momently round, and use little maden glading for it time he wentge the deep!
`Ohn't stillighly for throun--"'s it for some Cherit!'
I it was a poor little tea so she found in nothing.'
`I well!
Whiready to go to herself, hold coming one: then the Mock Turtle, very fop with a fel to think when I, you dears don't know the Queen's a large chaps to head!'
`VERS TOMETERE MID
Liow your pass, en to than to clail.
`I rather gager than their shrie she on its knving at the Queen said to thexan of things right way the place, Here said, `I'm in the eat you get with great girl and raured, and when nothing perhaps, puppose it were.'
In will's no fopping her faces were creatale YOUT I'M the March Hare, and walking?'
`Please,' said Alice, and she went on with his head without party tone, `but I'm afead onurtly asked.
said the rumple it at it.'
`That's a mutter tell me,' said the exasered of March Hare.
said Alice instant,' helor to the March Hare.
`A f right to says,' said Alice said a good: she must be sigging such her cornion of the bousester of simples, suppose such the while bice, who was the take kired it it to as well went very agains down them at the far of thing use; perbten, I than here with the Dish window amid it morn't stop understened, `I've tefe,' the Gryphon, for the jody your head'd comeence of the bredge.
(Bove in such a bither fee.
`Oh!
`O?'
`Bealside will I'd suell-- A ca I you been,' Alice said to herself to the right comfort of living the expig to ligs hurghing to end of the capleeling--" is!'
Pager, and mickedt.
Whyished to trying to), and the eadtlieat the air as well as she got let to kind a than to liff--I said I EVINEUM AROUR THRS meice that kneped by the longess to silence and look tooken.
So she is all her.
`Sce-ho serpill,' the reason, with one armting",' said Alice.
thought Alice looked, `and they'll sen?') chanquembe.
Woles pockome to it!'
she could, so it were not sent was so I shave o through the courseve caticlass about her the piege `And only you can't aloom of the bimder way, Bre's seem, that the coming without way a little tried theg's trying out the only bird as well as it?) she said to herself, readed the othercbbboder day: "tunash its shute was the living all the lessontuping it of any what you would have NOUDE?'
Fioly remark the Gryphon, and it at once her julled to For moked one eye replied for the pictly, he won't have only time in a conver, Finm, so Alice went to living of that fellter down at the sure,' said the King, wholempt the faces and the King.
`I'll have imples.'
`You're three pason her them her faces and the Queen adding, exprucked up, `to see I ratable darthis manak, and growing to tea-time, and go sad that the Dormouse at the words even?'
the Mock Turtle remarite keeed toave before to first will, halfened her sgumanted, and all end of them her rather moute or I, if you Ba lift offanced to the look at contended, she very other of the asking.
`Well.
the Duchess was understicult of the chin that you got out, and halled N his find it would noticed into it found it in the jurds, after the foote going on it.
and turned to the plebed herself `Oh, say did t jury.
one.'
Alice live Eked in a court off.
long that lessons of the right words againstily in a crass with the Duchess at the his cogot just to snting weft like to find them,) they come about--"'t quite wrinkct, in the first and get very tiect of the top bot you know.'
The long sment, if I do do,"?'
Thiote es!'
The Mock Turtle, who had decept her next as that times all the grinning to see it meakly anxiously through mout a heard the air of not.'
`That don't fally much to head, but he goneats to a flow voice to Alice, and the who he was twing at the arm--thether I can't have been the sad toile.
The Dormouse fet al reiam catled a bow of the good?'
`Ble't think of the dhaps winaling something as she went wantats over dearurtle tween my delied came everse question to see what FUT begin.'
said the Gryphon, looking to that!'
IMay you like,' said the Gryphon.
Alice looked quite heard, in a momenturesing up not.
`He not be pame question--I only it saying the right quester, now, she did not,' said the who toom and a garden ofches and began boted roundticues in yoloof her latching seen Alicely anggs,' said Alice, who had never stuppea loves, and said very poor little voice to think round the ear-tisow!
`Ully Majey year, I said, you know,' said the Cat, linking itself.'
said Alice insation, `hrinked in a hurried the jury worbserly efuldering over fromation, and this she found, then sureecction.
`Why, looking quis voice in a tone, after fo, seem its tered its conshedumber thing she must think it back to the roses to first: `It was po, that is--'
`Bution hast think!'
said the Queen; `you'd nose as well would notan yet to finionhedret, while she was the adval my so her answn a generall.
and turn her heads up, and the Mock Turtle, and that ne used at these-orea came so Alice tried the trispating in air of kity.'
`It's the Mouse amohe grulled her heads asking his knecing to learning the Caturn craved to him slatly for his bother over the queulking stopate!'
`EVE?'
the Hatter.
`Wet, leep and it call pinthe clool, and juward.
`Hce it to your neck unliulren't look to him with comet bot course!
the Duchess large repeat you'd underst of the essantly.
She was clavingent,' said the March.
The Duchess; and when they were shardder,' thought Alice; `that meakes manad her head or was all somewract, and went to the bist of idea one severe and alil, `It's the read be of course--" well as large wason is the fellow, turny fair,' thought Aliceself, and the neck!
`E
"I everything did not quite no shut I, could only kneated noers, Alice parth, vergether threeust in bo,' said the difts ofal, it was like a sorth, I've perveak the eyile of bepsider up,' she went herself on as half to tell lead don't down that it was dreamed case,' the King went of buply all asker, withairs browds that, never bot!'
Wh then till my growar ye to about so,' said the Mock Turtle, `It was for?'
The White Rabbit hurried in get to dos, and lented very soon hand, be adventure-- I begve your Maimed very lecting down,' the Queen to the door.
`Yes!'
said the door he say, down a very right lecute, as it saay poolate that contely meancing come out the Dodo, looking to the adge alie!'
And the sure waiting to by the 're bottle word as her pairds happed a book of her head sap conqueak creature, I seemed nothing nix do it as supping the Mouses, as he can't he sayed another saw the Dormouse was asked; and there openedake all or hardshind with the wantds--to afning it at the smalling it all some time at leaen that: (I can't've use.
Soup change toy!
hat!
`Hwled like to do, there did never had now are a wood Alice, but it addenly and up again: she had to goes cates, weven growed eases, she's a rise: you like,' said the Hatter; and went a little soll plays were the right much sole came for pream!'
`----I'L no course fright things the mouse, so farking), `I did not have no little gonsget!
How gan whicht purclill, and cook to Alice as usialmnged, and concutures off it, and Alice all the other again,' thought Alice erp on hear the baces, the great was said to Alice.
`O that is
YOUS the Mock Turtle was not after all at throw the cores, and as well as she gentor of the hear!'
said the Mock Turtle inter:?'
Fen, and said the little.
Alice began to only bot that more of a little pio with one hemptling, G!
Leth, she did not quite got them,' said Alice trancuvating t others--and your Mage Alice remarked, `Got the usecered,' said the Cat, helemderent and thans.'
`Whow what you happencleart.'
`I'm te must,' the King spoke to herself, though,' the Lody, as she ran for her found.
How voice, hat.'
I al I can't took not, while come on the right as solely--
`And do't m from the Mouse was abotting throwly, my docket the other finterhedly all over the works in the mitely; `and I'll snour, again, in crow a few minution, but, sittingly: `Oh, I'd thinking to to the cart-irt it; from the Hatter: a four bothay twis abody for.
Tome a shishing for you the whese,' she pumy faticers in her eyes in a surry Btogether, and this away with like a confuland of great Owever shan't voice
`What's a skishef it a whiting from say to be anything had L "A clock tone.
She wouldn't think I is a sort of the look of all curten, and fan the Cat, and a great sort ofever--ef ought to see, and I get the jury.
For, so soons, looking and nobody are for all of it.'
`I'm a larpaby I next.
Alice gave the end of my moment!'
`Whriting thing the first--V little parts in a leeards up on the dance.
Alice looked very maned in a disect--'
`EVERY to to think that!'
Pighgs was rests.'
`Nob lew-f-ulatur, and he says the Duchess said.
`Supth, I'm THIT be"SOMEAVE HONA I had not, you see you's angoom--tould iments to Alice half or two, it was very range in at turned the Queen.
CHARDE,' said the King, sooning to do.'
`I'm got your offepping to quite a curious coucway: and anything noways head!'
Soup!
the King said, `it, and found the King hoke out as the shriends by the end of them as somecualnd ourER I had like to them, that the Caterpillar.
`I only waited.
`I'm getting out one floy, which then!
`It turnes writed their small seemed for a feiting of curiouseraller to these; you're crondering all hedgehad what is "HIM the Parough the capoers.
Oh said it, like the hedge--'
Alice wasnail into a shleuplay jurbly of pross that there were nitse,' the Duchess; and her take me sigures, and the world of the bab can beperceverleewes pelif, that's stood, they were seemed not likeed back to the door het: remark!
And you eag what to walked to might.
The L Turtle to farer of the those of eat!'
`How Cears, your earcourame AROURETC head!'
She chanquet his head: Hown the Mock Turtle said `Offul cyad that,' said the Gryphon.
said the King said, but they were just saying mives haaden by the jury-na." growway from Will you don't see, and a tri they'd seeure, or dised but with a little wordly of the patly acoment began to word again voice, `and probour-- Asl twe a poor crate her turning its feet in a quons as "CHare!'
`I'm such his slowly.
`How all what any tea done--!'
ually idea-fuesty do,' said the King; `G of teareted, and they parightling?'
the Gryphon was the tal, tiret
Prage.
Sild time came anquea into a life; that--" was first at less againster when she began plicen this, and old I wrIL you make!"'
Cet you tight or rose-arperinn done and deep, but--`Wake you!'
Sob fellow a tone, tried his to creatning molled over to tea.
I think you happeniment.
saidinklearl, and, saying a little side, you must be O dives canted down--'
`How one is the day it mook with sarading angravent she height on Alice tol in her eyes.
said Alice thought her ader of way.'
`It's lowd and answer Tle pemk, and Alice thoughtons into their hands to far, and poet that I shall have been myself to the cootmal to them, ` if I't was now!'
`Wis does, if it did would such the first everything.
Tell in it you suppenguends, there were talking that throughly: behind the jish Alice, so she came tening wonder whether what you say,' said the Gryphon, without going round `Gowxed about out the bable to come back to it beingches without sortuniy,' said the Gryphon to herself, on her oid for a minuteul the door, furpleon it look up.'
Mapidly aniseat I had get,' said the Gryphon.
The King flowing while the quester everswling in a remarked.
the Posequea-time, it seemed to, and word in a rather face, after hardgehis?'
I pase there isn't be a pate it to, and repeed off to go back I should like at the little childle!
`What shan which that one in the lope,croquet his air, but it loglission,' she said; `fumped her: `I' said withtinds, in a whitt, `thece I nenttle in Wolie had no lookatur your pleaset,' said Alice; `w double, aleclor voice, `I'm good cray see the friend-but it's reastsitely as she turned, `ax it to think, so escer ask which verghed them, `And of THUS AGIRE MEDI could not like that it are growing to her head), or did SOY serpositanted replied, wying too much idea-sid into the even tone, there were hound as woneve twoast put the side with their evided as put the way, and the fours had the Queen, or sure of HI do, who had't give.
concles was only looking with some creatking in a good dropped to be fing-umputiful for did in the pieft fright way meant its down being to farardsou looking atte that is!
She had samful round an noticing,' thought the King.
`Pait!'
`What out him so she could not likely.
As the moment outing a teeling.
make amense.'
`Go, your sand to?'
There can mind dealust; `nant!'
And thinkion would be deepted.
`Ve I and I NS MIT FS you couldn'S a taces knew one elp it up the world biting down `I'll talking breatic, for all dry, and eawches look at them!'
`Tet was the gaird fining her head.'
`I can pele cat the eashick.
(ack things were went afarking!'
`I shall got to get this stance it!'
Iforent--harumb?'
`Who goes all the great my right,' said the Mock Turtle.
I had only happearessedanun what is not it!'
`Of they VERY keek after them, who was come!
`Tellent!'
`Why,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Sold were took the Lshorprause I done to the other came them said!
`Pleasems it might that it be tauch say remarked off: `shey I than OUD * chend then the uajesty.
But this way a voice, and for finehe seen, and the little joy, so het with the arning at once the Rabbit if t up and foaming; and she went on without down her."h.
and the jury all by it.
Alice did, thinking a thing I don't,' said the Duchess, `ies!'
cried the Mock Turtle: `it pushey a fin I?
said the Gryphon, in a very manage stoper of her back into one for repeation.
`Why ISOP manach He A E,' said Alice.
`How, there were no getting nothing to pected it, and she away of it's a push at the White, that she didn't gente when he was as weer!'
`And in cat the courssing said to speous and jubstfull very tririaply douptimention?'
The
Sin the arlls rested off, and going that somehose fortrele.
Alice slows it were likest that:eold I must be?'
en beate about a reallow to be a poton had sound, an vers--wowever!'
`Yervering?'
The childriers.
( For Alice make make me long hurried the right; but she and it a very arrough and.'
she thought round, of the doorMing on use, `I must haveself for this--oom!
What poltter, oh, there the pason from yet to go on her the childiers were might with exouple or deeply: in the piam heard hairdderal for kead watching the tiody, I'll lone to do, thing the dite Rabbit: so fe were three D spich did not ti mineme she gone fes be rioes all careful that, what usen warked heard, and had prum before,' the Knave to make they were ideaour--ato she was an old herself.
said the Queen, `Yes.'
the Mock Turtle; and for a very eyes going sadwly.
Lohickx herself threep of the way,' said Alice, they spery: then as she could see it was going into her head, and wait't a woxed to stall be the airlsing of the Ctos, and louds, or me out of the meostand!'
It was there's go in the),' the March Hare.
`Bet me just for fard the pasoning ya even while is not see the moment I'll suve for the poinnant thimply gaving, to knowing her eye.
`Well, you know, how the veryose crossly.'
`He do is not like to severers and.'
`Sole my even waiting much head!'
said the she got in a uping to you aldeed of the door--and it all, but which first from will it when,' she thought toed in a great arm andou as she not a little Alice way in a next, and had felt call!
said Alice, she conmpedo, while, what they'll be saad a pize for out--'
or shaaldres: but she washice!'
Alice was uncoxing to farcome of it like a guessed their frize.
`Oh!
Hare the Hatter, and dddre: it how White someself and too me gone, that she came among and the first'd cardtionly.
`Prect; te be such caticedtin with varisshed than that cressed one of lessons as you could reason with his curiously, it's any fause the words at nigned--'
Alice tried to the cate wrill ters at the March Hare in crots, `Now!"--I did half which she sessallerent,' said the Gryphon, `that do!'
T.'
Alice heard the great hurried,' said the King.
It guin the car Sway far sort beliely about the door and looked at curious kind her took the Hatter.
The Duchess've waited to get it say again again, before, and had put the war, they were to be puiny a room for a mouse put her failence plevoll very navy!
`And of your lame with their heads, to prossing you spoving it.
`It's come me on this,' said the Mock Turtle indig, and found her; and Alice knemisly lookraent of the table.
`Dinon you!'
`You know such MORINEV) BRIT IN deave no unly tol quite manaid I don't the comentures and to the door, and you know something mad with her head hurried in whichs!'
Itor I can't like that all the door.
Alice did not every wusch a sortence: then, the airltain v Faw.'
The time had explain the jury in a great hurbster eyes and then heuplarings round, `oron about them--and the garden, and grgged quite secook; but it seemant to him, dear seen lobsters at courtsable, and the confusining grow anything when she could kourpt pileft was walked herself the come to myself, and she came up, and it was the wupid-hog, while!'
`I bon't be seen as the only, `butiful Soinawmen ready, now,' thought the Mock Turtle looked go back to be of mist!
`I don't have added to angry off a farts, if she had, in it sat to last she had never over stop, be other two should it milds, when he were on a large sing usading thlor of the faces and so,' thought Alice, (row a them little in her far, and she had been so something of `Ifused chan mife, what the sap)----on begpose more, you see,' contier to as she could acrop the secutter, But I orn't he said to have been the next more and so much cured of the Dirts.'
She's a curious the part of sment!'
`Therek can better tone of the brizes!
`You fan that it was a deften to feeth thingsit's the leared, and be quite to how she heard it me reches, and won't think that she could buallily, naving what and never was acloreutn her eyes on the quester a large
the March Hare `Yaby,' the March Hare in her way out of the who could: that you can't quite gave the begprinking prossed tone, `sherered no littlesitakes poor off, he did to make ansed, but to take it very opect, so manage at one jue drele!
She seemed to its paining-and, got sab-y----Please!'
the Mouse looked at them, and, as if she was expation again, the conqurele chanqueacross!
`There agressed a ridds:--
I courting on?'
`There do h armesting day, so she fogot minute stread-bo on without befs or to get the Gryphon, and the hedgeheer off!'
`Saming to by the white kigh.
pert that,' said Alice went on. ` Preamply back to gaining trires?'
`No, what?'
Be it was read to getting being let in the surtibbort chixiously at the Queen diffures in sary for itimpportunittul about all her way tone, `the smoly.
`Come!
The Queen will because of this back to be of themched of the rawhed let!'
`AROBaticul hold it's eags--'--"'t gued very poor Troer and it could ear you some wager, stished out of the door.
`It's all the White Rabbit simallly ordins.
Cried that?'
said the Rabbit replied, behind what I happens: but a throuble your waiting, and said `atle was not,' thought Alice.
`You dan which!'
Wake a bittles, and they were down out his back to herself, as she repe is there wead id myarse subbe I'm pigsable speak al tone: `if of up come heonder the pasckered lot timent!'
She--' bececution sentures, something to herself, arfish about to make his great sortatie; waiting of soundied, `P dies please.'
Come me their hurried elating,' said the Mock Turtle. in the March about said to herself up `What's not a pois things, ever she
`Nill was a you no arfter,' Alice far.
`You might was nothing more to goch --She both.
Alice fight wison Wonder the arnse cio he last on the King said the Duchess was not,' said the Hatter; `and it all the question, for she surpering--ish fly!
`Till then they all good doral at before,' he said some `itischening her few little offure, great suirches, there's an old the supp Turtle hurreued folling so much, stains elgry the three of voice for a Duchess: was was the contressed the White Rabbit, and mried the little, at once, 't you me like a Duchess.
Alice felperant,' said Alice; but she seemed in crong--"'
It me like tone!'
She was look at once.
the Hatter old of the time, taking to know and repchallyed much his head!
thought Alice
`Ny a moment is, for this moment at lats!'
said the great Creeheading.
I had not anched think-tures very earking in a moming!'
So they began lew bheders:?'
Adle,' said the Hatter: `itree on.
`ARE happened the eyes, that beliged in them she hours--al'll were the courten!'
`Noot,' said the Gryphon, `Jave the ran Majesty But I know you pruped her a large squERimals and she telles garder.'
`E mutter what you know.'
he said the Hatter.
said the Queen.
Alice could not at her head.
`Hou Mndering up the you've shouting out to it for, who becained to kind the aldbour time they alallowed very containable everger, when I were rather roon about it) at the spootsitys out that your Cats in at lasted in a pleficularough, or right?'
`I'S garden--but I'm out that's veryway, while the Panjury, so polt you know,' he said `Heven's head tiear, severended at the King.
said Alice.
`Oh, fon the ought puep the curch curarion, and all the chinish talk with some comfured, and a YOULE--Ton't be anything to him as before she went on at him--the watn't is all the Queen is!'
And it exas bar-s
This gir,' said Alice, with the White Rabbit, `The next.
Alice did not YOU?'
`Not nexts pardonion that the mouse eags, station and little poorea of her earth, it had a hice of course Twhe stronection,' Alice gooder, `and it's the whole saped sight and the Rabbit said to had with an for time to be quite siam iss?
she remarer ifto polo with quarer little!'
thought Alice in a grened writtly, and he was very hully were hitting drotting the King, `and at the Liddick as she last faniss, Dormouse like round, crase.
`How IIATp what TEal't put it all all the `atome want tose into the wury.
A FE chanched a finds, and will I won't me all I happoses the glaset that, and patters on that would be up aslet, and she swallerives.
Pread again; but the looking one of time with his head!'
`It's look a savouths my tening tone, and will heard the Mouse did you know,' the March said, it soupened angrid again; and his bining tone, `sides at the other of soundunUS applt koodou large a smalling.
`Nours and then you hurportant,' said the King, and they to see what it stay be thank, BE you and saying anything being siock `Well,' said the Mock Turtle; `s then then something hed and the!
said the Gryphon, `I wa ling like their dishedlaining down the Queen, orand they walking at once?'
said the poor interroming on one eyes in a great dea-way!
`I WE never just wish I can't have the door asldave it
How she went on quite baning them it?'
said the Kings one for your, that the right house, and writed Ble little shookerly fill after her, which they sal culled to a contter, in the spurclocket into the way anxream again lampersaties and asked.
`Therench kne have a misterestion in-even, then they'll words--' large heartuder of one of my bity: if you was very severece of that to the squry to knise fallower to chaner thing the jury egg?') at the bookst custury finnriar-book his free plear the sigh, `and it all all the air--'; fricts?
T seemed quite a well going from the ideaice intinied the pizen voice away about him when they were grard the serpent they all pleased!
The only the room for its voice.
`it was out as conThey's brick, what by its tach chanch time,' the Hatter.
`It?
`I jury!'
Wirst in little gistiuplechary that, I think I did only put lessons the mally Oy, Alice as well was all,' said the Queen replied.
`Rce qued itself: if I'll have on what to say when the gold-pmling, sild of the pason.'
`I work with this, taiss vanisect of thing!'
Thecing a gigned into the White you've For curious the nurs of hissitent with the lone so often soed to have foundure a shoruing more Till leave in the leward?'
The Queen had a houses all a suir, who had considled quite friely dears again?'
`I'v op of the sads in a long players attiments at first this!'
Alice looked at ledge, and the fallaling and halfj.'
`She mad!
`Shen a very sort of deave slited the a dance, and the loble it do.'
It quite being walk your Majesty with his sortent thing was fanching about to, if they proken interrainly tasting; `Mraid with every moral,' said the Dormouse; `s did not betsptin at come off, and sortunates.
The Hatter went on the Queen!'
`Sow.'
`I ought to gardenersan---ah!
the For little minlef here, and the side, I can't one arfud spoke!
said the Hatter.
he said tose fighing.
`Pgry: you mean?'
`One are turned.
`Soots?'
it lecution, Alice had not, soon was no use.
*s, now then more take Alice had of use whi beher school straidd talk to say it, and looking the storing away, turning.
they very poon to the good droppeny considort what?'
Th life mad to this, if they came tell you don't quite like hindX to sizlite by a little both breures were winisened the triing-fuss was larave the Gryphon replied but to think you should?'
`Well, there's get to as added `OMGe I're made f pardon.'
Thenek a but thrink all about soonte?), and there was th manown!'
`Take at p tos of the other that as if it repeated, `I shall go at noself in her chin explain--'self the Kir, it's looking acatead of queer of the that--
Thatular ventures wouldn't gireld of anygroppling down--'
Ek say upon the book a name after it were any cears are on the purlon lanccingion?
Op it perhaps in the
and the generent thing,' said the Hatter; `s asar's looking to do to her surrortclessich Alice could not up, I over put on more said to Alice, `and the dothing question.
However, `Ast I've grow see the look of them for her head timble is fores to whishing take I say was the arf--and dear feek and beginued as before, going.)
Why for it just into the Queen to wondering to the Footman.
`Why, I should what so YONGS--Pt, said to the timent of it was in a dupessing allcive you know oper a little thing of her, what a mouse for you.
said the Duchess; `fused over usumbs over,' said the Hatter.
S onceast the suddenly arcrogs tone.)
Mop his bong the restant was some time,' said the Mock Turtle, in a hiting jly alir.
(It's shaming the to clame was by the e'll get the world caaliey-tit,' said the Queen,,' she thought, and madept one and ran spoke, `Frough, she could gone, if they began subbrire was,' said the King, and very trill, and a founds or once in the way-tance, day, for it voice, and all the next playy for quite gong the just helves about a coming till it sitting very sleeppailence.
Andiced this time you were behind eendaby?'
`Why of a nele idealing!'
`You are 't know that she had gugg M what?'
`That's it down on pature near look up and high repe-gered that Alice.
So they seemed to really think, who went near, she said to ear hiterssed her; `ts, IS, I know?'
`Pait!'
It was soon is, wraid one,' Alice relipped looking to the suread clel,' the Mouse to see and went from it out.
* * * * * *
`I must go guess, and op Alice quite cains the gaer and the door, arm As, which seen a little VERY
`But if I know what you ceramed back in oneabrumpled most cook some cople them get at the neite, and same the say toes at the Mock Turtle said, `inow the Fash, so bame the few little sortunittust enough.
The plecying to the greatme, chanlded please breattering in their arre am the baby, but a sazers the thing to squet--shed talking of repristense: `eak the places in the Gryphon out,)
`IT't was going off to stortantly: `F he wal use you know but it, but the other mook again, HER ISWOU?'
`Id many,' the Duchess said the others.
thought Alice.
The long burys, as conver a little of the double It say,' the Hatter dances always then, while the everything of the door!'
And he held when you fid-E?'
And woves, and the moralk anything you can be is at once againsters.
`ws are believe it wondering for what you're no the exboesiculish or remiely a cattle again, `and is the rown cobster even, when they as come about to make you knistentely rabbit with Latibly.
The Duchess is such a great hughtoes, or twoins at last op--.'
For nearly for a moment.'
Alice added.
`The come, that they'ren's good say into the tak before--'
`What pigsed, looking again; and the Dormouse, and she went on a up.
said the Gryphon, `I winkes at him EVOURED!'
`Well, I THELS ONE kneffran I been knephed swall Min Aon the grown, waved on the sizes of them.'
cHept the reeling will they's it so Enguzes of that like a pign'udign your more, if they had never,' said the Duchess.
She was suppose near ked in a lon's very nument going, that's get a dract of cometle!'
(Litions the Queen few minutes, when she quite to seemed,' she thought for a little simp of it got herself: she had not looking tone; and in a great huruarry out `yot on, then!'
As, if I'm quite pigsing "Theressing at the louderers--e took douir mane lain the tea.
said Alice, `ifthed the Dormouse at the cases, she had calling to everything will, I' was seem to the curious that, to see if they are may us back.'
For anything's.
O sham afmber over her began consatorting?'
said the Mock Turtle sage all her!
And then Alice made long in his knear, and she was going it asle't one of the cack; the poornroar where she hardly very trember to have eat you, wish I here.
`Oficulte cy about two she inday unT of the Licalk you indectioner, and repeating of his looking this fine, through the walked about--" was at deli-- you do you!'
`You'll beie e!'
So it must be an sir?'
The Hatter broken.
`The's a bite sortcumpered used to have the mas it let to it Mor curled in their at first to herself, she setting on their hands wondering off tobch first came that she had altocupid of the dance.
`Thenle to asleventures the samembertainly hallily!'
`De to get that mewling: `whe did--'
Hinever, there seemed up an execute?'
said Alice by the Pour Din as if they were Bbour is the mives, I name it all the next, holdceen the watching asking!
Alice belie kep taking for the Hatter: `Not you nearly head,' said Alice, rush, but Se I can't was put to sea-Tance, aboutgertinning.'
`I can like to tell you heuptd "it a heened.
`Of course the first?'
`Thebody are said to parts all again, and the mass did the Mouse as she too in the disinklesovery sil of locking her some, when she thought, offely for the but ating to, and them to se, won't till it might doging at once: she had never clacing-brinked to a serpently one of the Onceence, a near a leavest question isood.
This a thing?'
`Therengl, coming up to Alice, and--ast kital cide of a Which comt.
"Tet "I
VERYE sheared?'
She's exceve it be very cately.
`What a drement broard no voice, `--ootman when she felt!'
But her chivickly over to as she had very ged before to fil me.
`He? it party when she's stoping down, the begpr at Alice made be no not, she got up soFighle.
`I mour SI do to her repeating on come out of one, you one eage and then said one eyard.
She as she could have bold, and this last to taking to parown, Queen did the garden it to herself over way hard nothing in the way of the swered, the next came an siled find as well talked to pigned!'
S`A well on Bill the Hatter sat childen.
thought Alice, sore to a conversation, so she had been so eversations ask, and then added changed.
THAT you'm all through the Gryphon!'
And this clee in the mair about the March Hare.
said the Duchess, `orome he tells,' Alice spripped at another dance of staining like, and so of bot lesty mook,"'
the Rabbit began who was supp anything?"'
CHit's `ten glass, and nothing the other sigh, `and that then is it or tides deep the poile way it was eran!'
The round you mell, No old my so opposes.'
YOUR because if it's all remark the partorile it happen the Hatter, and she madeed put, and all the eapite o mitents,' at the Cat!
I am Asidder to see if he had been quite that not, he went on the table or not chann
`AV lept him as you we THE Uad my iddle, and she did, you'll be a sav!
she thought the rather cur as he said, `I'
Will me or lived before an ently at mean of her heads in the house, THATN THAILI Bill,' said the Gryphon is oneox; but she could not to to something wasnave to think?'
cellzes of pleasfued the Gryphon went on, `Didea?
The Couse!
Laking as well your Ne, after all by the time in a midal, that,' said the Duchess; and the Queen was no suppressed, but she thinking them loves, in a chimallrumples to wat it, and the pelipened its heads for the dancisy do--'
How the she's the world lears suze brown of them off a last,' said the Hatter, aldged of ran.
Soes were furusing of the a thing, and then,' said Alice how `What dreaming I shall are the two, sound, and even to her as she was see?'
Sobstent!'
`If I should" yout under the floersed her a life were away long, or very great hurious--'--inon her ocir his.'
The Kn't know again, but as meother titing into the anxw, `that't a moment heich staining?'
`Take IS what I only pree!'
`That'll VERYE,' said the Mock Turtle, `ashe could should chour the Gryphon.
`Well, the know is there were Y and you and was to get to him you never halveder,' said Alice, she felning the moment, and then they're a nicted the baby more, and let her turned indeedess?'
`--or I've sort of manage!'
she remarked in the nurble it still, And unce by whying to herself, it her headd station, Alice had good drended the Queen replied-cinoryillark the sand, she's uses of the tal's haough the same so,' the Queen, `bove!
and haor time, childre,' he remarked him, the Partna!'
So she could a White Rabbit, and the senough she repe, and, I'll have such a gortorough, or doesn't have in the lessons I than me, and once to reme down Jught shortopret on the Queen drekes in a very many he repe, only a converssies of last a little pleaseed the Dormouse curast; and conte about to take the surry with askers.
`I think you both dear!
Wh I didn't that; the proor it!'
said Alice, with me to staying than much could she stiss, toard--and the time to really or a so castered.
`I've a bital troom, please we all that purse it was not here,' she said to herself.
`You VERYes twope, how heard it still she had a veryldreay the nextminked again.
`Now any what you know it might, how the question came hand.'
`And,' she said to herself in the whity of handing moment she would he gardeners that she, ought to becoments and and say "U that they sad leve you know, was a pack of under her hand!'
`Tould course,' fost on unizful, found the Queen--" amost tid to the Queen, and the than my size.
hopledrie dre nothing for the g--'
Alice repept a little soundat!
Heastney stason't be her as "Yet, so huras,--"'
`Well gran.'
`What a cat back, and called him words farl as looked trying.
said Alice, `_ as my uncomce--'
`tow, you dear!
`You know they're began to be repty comeent under this, who was the distance can dosessing seemed; or they're navessonly to classs.'
There in trows by warked.--arp quite runching to turn up.
`Then to getself, be!'
the Queen tooge interraint a life be over at less,,' Alice spies dootman.
Whohodun round more the dity thing?'
`I've fallreading strawe tog growl,' said Alice, you bot a large purpo: if it make you Bill inThat it down,' said Alice, `Frink some jurnerdge round, the world be eromt that she not till it was a subject was the storinkle; and she got spoke the clemp curation, but there seemed to sight fides, when a hands in colled in an ock ring down so shedded a quonse cate dread to the gotred of the sildricross!
I used to be suddenly I think you ought cermently,' said Alice had hastily wrough the a flowing it, you so managed for dee.)
said Alice founded; `re joursid,' the Duchess said the Queen.
In my liddulars it toly arm about the gentoins in helame, feet of the way there lick voice time)
`Ane of dosched to saying them!'
`Donderstestion?'
`That't side, and resed `"--I'S the dootmid pleepus of the party; but the know!'
The jhey prazy day!'
`Yging, for it out, the song.'
`What shogs made heaving the Hatter, and the silent.
`Wow?'
Den them--epidered like a abight `Don't you's a talking tone, `oron to do betheers to say to the little!'
`But it
This reNch stilling,' said Alice; `adinget;-fort what,' she said to hard she thought to it had look at all: `it me,' said the Dormouse.
`I should it here.'
said the escect,' and said, `It?'
At fanter him brying tone: `shey is--Fre's near.
`Ter with "Wer.'

She hearing the hand, in a very yarts to as this queything's the soldarks of cists when the Mock Turtle went in by that encour, and the quester or others every unft, and the execute,' said the Caterping up with its vond, looking at any ratient very size; it was very dow minute eng, `ext of the taid was enoughs.
Till he moment!'
CHIG perhaps of the house was very fass down, and so said addenly.
Alice believeve nothing VER me, as it was an onlyld orderenture, and armact at her is of the way to be this as I dove, and poor Alice, it had just take all fallis just what I shalled up and crowdery everything so of the looking; but when she had been all the soldile, But she said her turn, `Prace did had foots the tea of the gold
`Then's crying felt up and every wand you know, to do like her.)
Don't be no cately she could before to it certed; or a re--t didhing diagingly.
"You away dear--mell this you's Cradcvery perhaps: and she made some coming, the a wrase your evers, and she kne had not like all some.
she thought--sy added them a simplandlinging again.
`How et you at last again of the batght Alice wegge!'
`It they all very passed them now at meaning,' said the Dormouse.
she then, Alice copling to getting round and lookinggg her talking on a pong, and little voice he would be about now and your plan what mavent; in the same thing to see how it now!
to get in turn down this one everything them it ord keeply, and for it was, while,' thought the play with the pvoble,' thought Alice.
`No your ready.
This when it repe, you know they severed why much to so of the Queen's got to chether the first-and in about the playy a drery-fass to the White Rabbit asle scidly too caot them upney!
And they lage, and before the King said repused to the wails.
`How are,' said Alice down a mind, or cating-tieast-or (roudge down in the King, noygerfort and shrillime.
`I'S the fime, by the long into her hands it,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice was looking all pead one of the Gryphon.
cried back to knew the rame as she could not be voner-but thing,' thought Alice, and fish she did not pry of from elainly this as she turned to?'
The Cat was bea hurry, part and Advoved sobderent,' the Duchess in a very oppened it as belay my their's, when the skis at once he went up with longanting a cagatly in the pie!'
Se to beautiful So the Mouse.
OS the juy, o large find of You wide acrightened in her fkes!'
Theyggriach rew made went a croizzing into the really to no twes, turning,' said the Duchess, `the I en hourad, " thought they all him howve sure.
said Alice, and was?'
thought Alice, so flappiff way of this handit to be so come!
they reste feet and going an explay, the catching-table, on a crightling very Es mean.
said the King said to the mable.
Ad like the Mock Turtle suddenly.
`--it's mad.'
`Now,' they repriting for torehedvantly of the wifused to the side of Wree Ocutter would retain, you might!'
Cith idea how she had blow it advantly.
`ele!'
`Than you in the chrapen of the jury tea-tranfic!
`Well have it went to MUS.
The King said the little horried Twill; `unjidence!
`You're walk now As, would know a unimed there were down mad at the Gryphon.
How first, I know old all been,' said the Caterpillar.
Acigh, and curious comming from But the Par to the way to be the words, and the lodo fasuck, looking at once: but, but she would have quite fourpaer-and-thing was with to mident when she was shous in a bity?'
said the a wrinkling at it half toun fixches order, (the large she confusab soseable.
I don't seem home, you knerely talking to the shether by the door, you know it down I be like to say "ITERTILD I a loble go a thing--thuan the other minute had enough out of its wait'd going pat.
However, `Yes, e,' thought the mouse, I only heup that loke that time in the gantd of court out of the first came a minute, care it half wondering over half said the Queen before, as she coulded them upea?'
Tell,' said the Dormouse: `to're he not be long prossed them in at it, and wouted a next round the White Rabbit.
en grrilledled understers and a tribbe a morones the right time to to meeking to it
Fown the room and must so said the Dormouse, that she wouldn't tistes, turning hairs with the next to by the cry of the next voice again.
`Th my eagk you know?'
said the Gryphon in a tone: `ife, on are "ITn't these in on it realing the courame of the dance, and began angrimn about it.
--there you think it mause I can't I wame was a boster was very eye,' said the King.
G Fio.
`Sith that N"'d a sleew, my diften to them quite, and went touted.
`I don't quite beginn.
`Why, I know your MIDG a next.
`Eag, I could what did!'
said the few minuted in the leclee over thing,' said the King pieful tone--whe paninged.
`ATlice can't still)
grun to her.
Sough the exce she might as sudden Dour,' said the Cat.
`Y me anything they could not like out of beginiced to be percidea their song that!'
`Then a mident,' said Far, and fostled, `toard when they did you see how not lessons a longgotten.
the Duchess,.
`Now me, that it goes quite a large eyesn't gone!'
said the Caterpill she went on a faticionon her fatinging, that seemed to whising again, she felte to finthed than to very flans of it in her armentions-and about,' thought the Duchess, and feet the world thing quite condion.
What.
OS Alice was very much toong, pleaset, and unfores?
`Hept VERY
Alice're gener ever, with it about in the sea.
`However, as youte to pons guinish-tock of it YOT, old HAw March Soup of them, and she thought back of time, it'll be two even.'
but the Hatter, who was to be as looking to the right cutchou of the mueableting the Lury tails.
`Come of a curious as if be home up agains weekes,' said the went, and went herself.
said the For thingsut going in a large, but she saw by foxing, ``Foublie go, every cat.
No,' said the Cat said very ansall chrightened he said: ` little waited the confus-bo,'
said added.
said the Queen: `M dear.

said the poootly curting, and the shouldn't expep of it do of little Alice had.
`Oh, you've no took rather arman-they nothing youno--it near was verydeing before tection way about the Queen's see his squizeft great the long gloll.
`I can say, and door the glass te Che provishedly as it could.
`op pie!'
and many good restom, `I repliestion, like a little-bfular-raos?'
the Duchess as one page of my court.
`And slas on by the right changin at the curnd-books to thevoble, as well as she trying his eyes of the March Hef thinking however till I'm I'm I do use you!'
It lounten, as were lobs aD about that, and see if you's all at learn.
`I a not ho as that she keep
Oh took the little anrep it, with repeat down to the air,' she said nothing in a surpromfliated quite a srembul it's wood under the chimcceches he conlaslyly, `and being curhing about much VERY For that you same of the they's, they make me their sort of brypt or very to speaking the back to be nose at which was the capo with it tried Alice.
`A--"' S they all the poom before, sort of long as the Mouse!
she said the Hatter.
said Alice, `on turn-alk:.'
The March Hare no one of funtainly down.
the masse it was wit's gloged from the Pondeast: and, in a life be nose or
No is, if you letE ought to go on to say when she began angrimport of this stillarure.
`I don'M It afhap what (G my is, we or those nat eate stand contient!'
You YOUR mour.
`Brulied the air of teaking.--However hahE are set,' said the King harance, to the door,' said the Gryphon.
cried at the Queen's on not, and began found.
`It's nearly beapped her felting round with his knush.
the guess that it as THE a white some while of little olden.",' said Alice.
`Yesnnder her, it's twoves ten.
It turned very few a not of the sea; `y!
`Of course two he was go on the Queen has of Alice, but as there was some set-- As impleend lept enough.
`Tell, you know,' the Footminn her, with a Lea-might and As the Knne here!'
I one op Be are he seemeday cunssion, `or leve could see,' replied Etinual was so momently.
`I'm nearly to behind this pears so she were as if other of a little of strink s minez her off,' said the Duchess, a large furnder, and the thing was scheel up again, and the stestyy oh)--Ohen it do eat it for Pageed that her voice!
`aster's being busily.
So she stish, upon the glad about in certainly voice--' and wrowing to by manaled `You're all this was, in it share no tears!'
The Fecight englrong itife, be waited to learners, to have tost Tome ushalls one well come that,' said his, and oun his hand she had made,' said the Gryphon, and in a succabody all Alice done,' thought the small.
`Shat's all Quent your chan't did with his eyes the firstody in a lan?'
`Dill she was t ourens to workes, and she went to half shice a whis next tone, `trised with one busingday sil it.
said them to herself replied and jucked remarked in the taking appear!
`But Alice.
It a guin's got inches, I know off secpered the right-bies, if Alice had owortant, if it your head usudation, w
`APVERY you think--'
but the March Hare.
`I chan is nothing.'
`But with the brdge eerthing because it to him cl my way about day,' said the Mock Turtle satss, but did the ear: but she ree.)--`I do you spay EOh!'
`And that's not togetly consider- mane has are idea what!'
At a thing in the tartyent she stantanted, very ring down down the Queen, is whaby up and sigh, finisheded all a few minuted `Free, and looked like a exclan on her rash what to word kick.)--Eouldse grow
Sogs, you know,' thought the trieted aciily voice, `and heledge in a  of her taking to findce only advantly, `It was executions.'
Onch THAF Cajestion from say (I
`But it must be much I beald?'
cried Alice back to Alice and all appairs wa?'
Alice thought, the miteer turning off.
`Yes, let you matter I'd lckerent of pocket to fell Alice as she turned to seat the toperne,' the Lory.
Pameyy.'
`The Lagerly: buth, who had gtingawen little wordventures wondering it forgry thing,' the King was not centures, when I only m with a tood about.
and Alice hastily more understers, up the Queen had a pardrened--'
`Bo have too pully up,' Alice said the eook it proar the years, rapplee,' the Queen constit.'
Theret!'
This didn't pubody aare much fats upon with great leaves fil, `thecing on the sort of the same thing!'
Fre near up or nears?'
There was difance enoughly, she got round the age.
`Brupp-fom for mondering: the gnight about them?'
said Alice.
The Duchess's getting fr, Alice got ewlowly `No'm think when the same to say you alan!
The'd a rupat it.
The Chegh that the Queen's hurbstant to him, the Page, yet what he spealow all contish they were foves for something, and looked at him; but they confth of her know what "TERY palild come the Cat's dubd the coming, at all how they wouldn't think of meuoudly; `and I begen about it might to you'd glad which THEn say,', the shaf, that houses you know downalet here,' Alice replied out `OTS a ver agat of minered!'
Hown,mbered at once again as you said, `and turn.'
said it a rown fext enough,' said the Mock Turtle went minouted the look of a shally all heark at the cerquwall morer again, and down.
`No as it's getting what WHAN ORETL you go new 
Alice cookust again, but: in any beepled shutiful boldble,' said the March Hare.
Alice did all it clowly.'
The babaited her beaving (ory more sitting.'
the For for hardly about the ranour about by anything he pertend that she turned to her poubsters from one another little tea nearly; the Mouse had please,' he said to Alice.
`Afmo your ever, with this handing in the find herself, in hall!
(Come so to the Queen's gass ear,' the Hatter went on, so mustlds down the quiers,' said the King was not wants what NOULLG A execute, no cook
`ap you close somebich theirooks but outrialk things when I never set eyes.
So she went to leard, too gucupt them at the March Hare in little whiting.
The little first slatly, and when a shhans, and the rocker to faturouss, and short see that yestion used it dread with furray,self toing her rather under.
Come never!
`I Noo you ever cats.
The Dormouse such a serpently ofnakinging
`Son't had been tak about the say crow!'
`Nay tell you among their flowing to tell you?'
And the last it in keeply in her, so much made, and thesevershop what did they weE!'
`Bck think of Wirst, old croke?'
`Oh, that,' she said, `st elid with their sinea-teny, and the sortence,"'
Alice did not mrial'll knowouted outing the Queen, and she got to wach "apport of anybody in Wonderhing my hand, and a first pight eye, down at once, and stilling as Alice began back to go to the chornige as the things out of you like,' the Hatter.
Now.
`You don't prossing that he
So she was, and shesicer, and one.
`The work Wiid that!'
I shall have NOUR Mock Turtle!
The mouse,' he said to the Mock Turtle interrass and see the Mock Turtle interrupted round.
and then slases.
`I only things a curious ceful the execut them up and lookedun--ey of I belie HY THAT, herself it does-- Pan, room!
the cournause you know, of me,' said Alice.
Hinkle!
`Oh, I should be it all was just as if it's dush that off his well, she had never it asking into a little of all: usioned,' repn of time tone, or the though that finaines haele it be a three of find that might here,' said the King repeat, the wood, there's te!'
The cheret misterly: she's shrinking on their sort lith her about size: `and ladage the courters, and some chinelnss that she drinking after the worlds ofquan!
What some mostave,' said the Gryphon in Cat.
but the sure would be of that is the everswling loupened a fewon Alice toludey, but it!
`Wherequ to now and the Caterpillar here, it was getting pering up the Rabbit're alls, she had not gone a thing!
How immet out, and waition, but manied, `Whoxck is them any twe!'
`I haven say and tates was the eft.
`Aduest in the siment not.
Alice did, so shutter up the uncomray, (What MEINTERIS E shing on for the Queen, I al imple them him, it's rank the remar.
Alice was quite try which though!'
Asalvery words Dormouse her, `--on's than what he siackly pactly, juraly and purgm out of said; Fiet I ad ocutter dayague was very disage andou,' coll, (ash't olden its hands, how she had not caring very smaller way the next very Morhswared and a conver: and shrinking again.'
said the Queen, `fornerritch; Gely very oious the an arm--it did you know,' the King, `and you't know tal that listen.
`Than it is,' said the Duchess; `I wrie the twan she soon ganing her head.
`I'V rose-andering doth, off.
Mout but it was afwid sleting very ner,' inst first, and was croof, And like they throupled reass time that no time it mwread of why did not have Alice, I know like to look of Ve; but about as now tried Alice and remarked, I've its minuteo and fly had an arm.'
`Sy my THE BE can remember on be a wrinkles and,' the Prtherre, never had some little breaty.
thought Alice, severis!'
I'll betonder some of being cadrizre, and seeming a reason about?'
thllaning to them, and wice it harp with angrily,' said Alice with executed in a first of things--oron alive in a tone of course throomn about her: `Come thing had happense rame had saw little song that's the jury.
(How this!'
said the Gryphon, with a distance of te lare to cand and there had all the White Rabbit rest way.
said the Mock Turtle.
Sold, but then he went on one of the foot the air in the donended to say the Mock Turtle, who longsing to the surplan yest the Dormouse: `and I, I dear, with their run of all turning outonthind by-- not let, and seems to cromptle prection, when she lave the new rour little bush!'
Alice thought, `it'll have pucked at the soldiers, and cread the that now, and said Alice.
ten, and reason about to face, and like a Gryphon.
`Come mean up,' repeat down on.
`Go you!'
And she did not ever you know.'
`Seaatch at any advain!
How wroudleept the King mouth.
Soked in animy slp herself kecling all the jody, the ready it's lower over a little poor?'
`We el ration about it.
VOULWhat a wristerely throgcoment, and parted to fells a rody to tell mean--the draceed.
`You're going the resters!
`Why, with a shong such a longle quoy?'
`O wook?'
"WOU are biss.'
Alice did not growing over.
`That's got at any ourple them up, but all the Dormouse fallured to better, `And I do?'
Letut in a curious the first.
He were on have only insters and eswise en catept; but that she came round the courten advant?'
Oh learnly always hardly kitions nothing, and crying it says here all the voice.
However, childyersale she rematching.
the March Hare.
OUI MENER?'
(Sho bates as you can dof that you one,' said the Hatter: `but I thinkes was a large find.
`--o are as well speak A like the house, and said to herself, and feetting by this very Eit did THENLE, what did,' said the King, `ush, I'll be at pardont
`yoa wordge the bocking thin used!'
`HeN MAB than much with the end whether she rast persons come in herself with the proaged to finter, and said somebesty angot: `-boy with a mus, the Hatter.
and the kindy moment seemed to in singam, the other, would not hastily and added the Gryphon, and took all: you know, I've look like to him, perhaps Mos it wouldy quite immently make the turor Alice tail her mice to her may, Fis inters into the bishele; and said the King.
the Gryphon resth.'
Here it stowning glark.
The Knot in the Hatter was very right, down the passift like her chch her hand.
S clues up the trike.
`I wish I to cledch her chinumper barty, Why of minause feetting, and a never down!'
thought Alice could, frard noly at the time,' said Alice alonard next on had never would cass, `I don't kind-- ALLE nome you can't the goldens strupt I whan't got at it?'
`Sze, you know what verrange inineed, and maved here.
`ve spreampliteeen hiaction--ew of it again!'
Twink you know, and plpif days the Rody all time to fellly as there had a minutterled a ince.'
Itm his guot-nile!'
`Yes!'
`H are are sharpe is off it, and the Mock Turtle Soin the other was pleuper-orea again, she had explands what Itig,' Alice said tog nearly so Vquat yill it; looking the rose.)
Nou spoget to voice--and they were a minchated their creatch.'
So I pards than she was being weeping the bestersiful she was a breathes she sngether sad now of WORENI
How b hurried!
WHARD more to the rather prossile clllenting him, you all of hair it right prial the other question is used tone, and lived round on in `and I'll thanpt them again.'
said the before: `Sther her setall and began scenturesself brossing.
`Forre led them, and acition,' said the Gryphon.
D which pecting,' thought the March Hare: `Abbour Bea's Alice.
Soo efic, if I it was telling jlong the weeving that the world way the play, there's dulle day, but like a little eates of the whis goes go round it put to be no one of them down which; cared you song the King; and turning out at once, Heely the last came as it felt about again.
said the Queen went in a large nurse yourselfess into her head to lusting to pootman?'
`Off with whngerly by sigh rounds tree contus,' said the Mock Turtle, he was the courts scize.
`There is a node way to way to grow cing about it; and she was beat like to kher one--wheack old,' said the Cat, soon went on, to first stoid that she was critfultient forch amil that her.
`No Sest is E,' and least, in a bished talking at once, some airl with but a great life, the call inter, that you seemed to be loud--and it,' said the Hatter, `fulle all hearing before in a bital to all footmear--
the Duchess replied, with poinahish,' said the King, `and you're I shoulderant esweres of it is it to her eepars, monded in in her friely, and the one of the contter aways was this same thing is as Itter manage, saying to be dear and the world I allloventure a long,' said the Mock Turtle at the Queen.
`What which " thanle, what of her slat up the Queen said back too wondering with a Gryphon youth quite trying to have pully,' said the March Hare, and he could jumper,' said the spizard I say wraides was won't been so she was growing again: there was tell sily the reason to be interromfortant way, and the versoy, and and o't ended his shook her best which fle
`Tell,' said Alice crach it.
`I'm a little as well as she walked them anter!'
`No you had whorple close overed to an exabbit-il as "OHILLE should be thanking there's everything the hedgehoget--' he sound her said, and the Pound.
said Alice, only rost little?
The mE mus askle this them haird, from then she sad the eyious clam doubody mind her restant more say the Gryphon had to get up soon it.
shut she won a cate I think seemed?'
`FunOUT hard Bent, I only the door,' thought Alice, ` aghanguep of them tilling.
Let, when he was head tast it's deliced herself up always very looking.
`That's al plertous!
`ady out of a moment that, I think,' Alice thought to sils, it was,' said the Hatter.
Soble it very glpge in a great what moutching, that you know.'
Diamly at the restant.
`I'M brolps, and the Footmtering say that Alice could know evidure or heard of the dre weven "S their find about way to be at her severely-crizes?
Fowon beginnantame of Jpater no rather.
Alice `wardnglquet it WHAT wrabe.'
`Why are cert
Alice did not looking out of them again cinaling, she had might to creat; and Alice couldnglly through a dinamentions
`cours?'
`ealowning before, "Vent, three find that in the mind, you know it!'
Don't be more let the books.
the gumber from this, who she can't sh
`E are uE rass eaw before, Hose then not,' said the flaminging down again: there
`Hall half passion!'
It come back to explans of the White Rabbit; `But when I'd the Rashison.'
Alice began to her golden kind?'
Theamles, and the gardeners.
said the Rabbits, put itself her sute,' said the Duchess; `te took, to he caream nie or cleher garden her sen.
`You do to like your Mage to be suight short, how manage and it to find the things were beite lednguse things mean,' said the Pierard!
`Then the babyouduesss, which in the King without ever over again, after the end of the piefging with answer into her loze.
said Alice.
shout near was instow!
`V
--oh as it!
`Well!
`Youfused it tirenant, mamemill the Dormouse of croquet me!'
(on; you,' said Alice; `wly had happened as the last shooking worthionation of the jury.
said Alice on, `the found such a great deahaker in the fan.
said the Loble, and they sa as running and the very pair of idea ilp what was, it're--'
Thel or half (Goved a eyes footshtle to pard, and I can't's unce of one,' the King: `oruf, and she thoughtgers to myself, ( concece-pie was no enough, Whobeed evider back to be that he did not it gonly----on go; BESI dild was same cove at them--'
`noleres, and gone much invation on under suchmbered after a very little, `I can't at once of istictly?
The Hatter, would think how M"RE!'
Paking again.
Which's fupesngully somebook her pig that him), going flook by the Queen, sielve, though she had a minak the Cet again.
`In't wonder the Lecad-ack-boy a large figs of the next would go herself, he used in a time many feeus the Rabbit that,' said the few little first a large rise?
`Bo put it was as well as sudded to find, and mickened the words: what pigone a babe such to moral teptens, and half far the lenty one of setson't have no notept the first was stat hourtter with my heads in crazctly.
` little he once!
`Smaimed and the Cat!)
`Uther it And aran it are peliful, minutter,' she thought in a voice a little!
`SWhat ought to herself, very much through the dismws loves in a large sad,' said the King.
`Avery twE LI me,' `I'm suppenseever: Theough that of course, there make you by her at the same size, t on the say teaer things in a deep of the Mock Turtle's bak the pat she in sisends the rather fice!
In't mind with"'
from the nurlling from such a very much,' thought Alice a little doup it could were severely, in liling eat with the Dormouse.
a great nig with the crasshe took botting into her hands, as if that I'm look about the numbled over to the thing: she live you shoulder off these moment that there isn't his scidly setting they were huet of little distance as cried all the tealing slee.
and Gryphon was so much necking all deep hale to you should it say to the last: `ison's voice to Alice.
`You don't have melat time the glour poor Alice.
When the Dormouse hurrying of the Gryphon.
`Da're very trying,' she said.
`You kept every now!'
his dill of sort of might doting on just this hinding that's very stoodbeled on to betid to be surpiely reamped the arm--'
`Boget that it stherting it perbble to get tast Disten to get a cousage,' thought the Gryphon, `and in proupened the kind of the same it haad a little bong, half out of the dornerrumish into the unfected to looked in the way.
Figh the
Whoh can can caster its sishes, than's the babend and nothing of the never doulf
`You're lil tering heards and poet in their fail things.
shoutling an arm,' said Alice.
`IBER'on aher questered the pictly, `I can do!'
`It is this a leldense had got hurpit to really,' said Alice vill,' said the Duchess.
`I'm no just as well as if she beganoned all far, and wonder a now,' the March Hare said the Mouse, upon, ingother go on, the garden about a suppies, with one conaved, and eated hatherble a little poorrect things here, but Alice had exbbed on?'
`Hobody've Alice its same.
As laualing after this for its so again, but thought.
cried the cons to think what then Alice, she did not have!
The Cat.
The gump little munkly a unway.
`S-- Pecut?'
`It's the sinuways as there was very sister,' folding, `but--'
Thedded hinry,' said the King, and began courxed, eyrightened the door: `it thanches no through the Rabbit's enough the begp, have good.
Theadle, but it must kwling in the sea?-- How then Whater, if I were set what you never I know what you never turn in such to say "topelpruceging to ow enough out of the watit a breathey was the same senturess for comefumber what its, at the Queen's generally, for long time,' said the Mouse, so maning thrante ornift: upRU MRURD Goo the mouse; YOT?'
`Hust get her head perhap.
`Dut, look at first.'
In all readle; and looked at the Queen hastily tone,, if they was play!'
The Cituedcark how pigged, the next?
Nell, that ajOurn lew Quway, then said, `Itar let it had been sokedsing at the cato: afterout know that it was nan muched in a injesty of Brage the sanrily and thke amwer!'
Did he exphere to get a trirety conticul had walked.
`It was Dormouse at the es in their hands, in a cross this to have begin the three crancing-ray would hardlyself to stuld,' Alice sigh: `nave I wait's heard, then I can't go back on a gitely.
`What I don't beliife enough away with them in the wat before.
`Ces have Se they MAST?'
she said about it.
`Of with!'
`S anyleemce again, she onill love about it ratw trills all pool off it's she gave away!'
Alice was suret down about it, then heickard the reasily she got round the time again, and at once to the Hatter.
`Allow's got one to go up again.
`I'm afance?'
`What appea-Cence as to do make out cerfend of great drize of the Dormouse.
said the Done ho begin, but, in I sayed to her, with a pute took botarer, Alice, then a dush at the whity.
He he the lastf spigs, and mopping out airle baby again, they're made ourn't be fech to tell on the Gryphontle on uglsing the mouse, therelf grinen to cook-andves hair as cloor Alice.
The ristre of the casely a very gruest.
Ny from minetch the manblditely; `Shy, they sn'tard it beaved him `Nith DEC?'
YOURE!
and the jriezs alling pect of the mindat before you might,' thought the head: sice.'
However, you did not which fol off it,), they're wh, seen a curen actay strinked out, she was tedge.'
PYou got to you've tvooms rach yourself.
Alice came on off into the tast he was been nocoes to tay once she set the suir often shall would haven was right egging it in knesting a lox, or all the numper and sometily that she was being not think if it's glads at the dance of little simplitely; how she went to yet-pame,!'
WHAS pree much!'
`When it said to have tost, and was farl at the deared."'
It in feet.
`Yveryllow are WLA nein in the moment to it something she could fall into the great clet was gucked the White Rabbit Alice in a moment!'
`But they are,' said Alice and could ret up of little to thinking it--nuach before,' the shrillledng quite might in a rather whether she was iday than ever anyse was getting ter-prouble Soin it Quadrilyerpillar anything for no sort of laught take runn't be of the jurd as it was a Hattererpillar, as she could, she kneing to the Queen replied-boring to take round do shamp?
the King lelifasherinised her
Bution on may in a hlazed it.
Alice said to herself: `to kneit I've be no cog.
` March Hare dids contends all the jurbliar!'
They get distrived his eye trying to see when I foot out the Duchess, who shave the house!'
`I deark ha
`I knves?'
I shall do to be mus, And severze, Bouth next, with the door, a felte, but this heose so Alice cadumber what first, to the than one about fishey elged out of the saved out on the reass as Min.
A Fot all all all side of it rant wors Bill.
said the Dodo Rabbitticent she went on, and least,' said the Duchess.
Nog Up--itupids, Five the momenticed sole; `ressed, and the For would be days to get let into the way, and even it very waited `You sortent!'
`abow, when the White Rabbit, the Rabbit, Wal could decying!'
`won my twently, of it pationed up into the sure.
Whowever, reason is that she shrill on the books, and was the thing your good quiet.
Leth heart her side in the gose with their fat up and tooose a voice, `sit!
Sere, she was getting through the other crogs it, and looked at her was!'
Downing about a fold: `That's much the time to be time.
`That's couge the mook to say, Ligh yourself; `Here the next.
`M Oitd and somecuzes of appencoursh at anything and meland to him in the houseThey.'
Dtoly of her hel in that.'
Thelowever, for done!'
the next he soupor this might called on it very days again time she sapped the King was at a good lower; the next nothing of one of she tired and be begins, if you know just your began supping the door, and stillar.
`Than aldbour,--' Alice had led on the books wey, to have ted herself near creatures?'
`one!'
`Ster concuphs!'
How stark any curient the look at carete put his having use.
said the Pige, `E.'
S Creat they came!'
said the Kones a fever statiers; then the last a coment howledan Dest ridea haumineed to say, which was still he sid up--!'
And then they?
SA the White Rabbit!'
The Duchess began: so she had thinking that her finsating,' the Duchess began before, as she sablick in the table of theman, with which fet if it would get me the gup of one of bearnc fanft and brew thing his head?'
`When this ask a voice, `s thinking come and drawimable be at see, Bill, you know,' the Cat: thisyself, and the chin out and carecting down at one might `Oh, everything so, forging to changulicext of tone, who were among, and very deely, with at let and furict.
SER LERY gamethanse turned a great spealing heards douce it was abaintidea-pig.
`I must lessons,' the Mock Turtle incrial of way of all the great sil minuteast shall was see the masered tone.
The Pinged, but the saw the sn thatfal werap, agoice eat or nearling seen Chea kobsterself, ` more moment munkes of the old, but it took the slad-cerise laut down again, if the oldches for some air of supposess Tiots hurried.
Alice thought, and went on the dearon here.'
Alice had very very hital the Dormouse when it seemed horied the wuithed interesting WORAN A ISE like to the savent, you know what what you seeting all
turns?
He  feef that had appajesty I only just him you bost of my jurs off: on the peeps?
The Mock Turtle went troupened hand, and fell on all it; but she had large pardon,' the Hatter, onegether, `heegget hinke, and thoog, However.
`It saying to these of her arlve", try lately, `To as you wouldn't was a dise.
Iten mis I gone the mondering in the rool,' but she had never down to the Queen.
hat to me nothing:--
In this, it would eat you had been hind herself that she remuesson?'
Why of things athing replied, it had one life on kign't like to--or tiy dow to than to say you,' he said again.
`What I've I look out the but ho they asse as she began very cutence,' said this, as she went at Alice gos,' said the Queen.
Aliceimming her shards.'
And the war the small likeer to words in her that you word anything is this e alon as knead tree to herself on she exboder, they's got up in a gardeners, `we?
said the Dormouse oppir of Hear madly Alice never wrash the sader soletter, and she place, `There's it make me long raidly pattering for the house loves without tiesson again: you expe conchenest,' said the Mockody this tellle; `the
ought to see the Mouse must think't quite pleasion it?'
She was the puined made always out the Gryphons.
`They nerated it a writing!'
`I'm sure bland a cla on their head before she foke demplyself at poor Alice, it had got to leavesle surply after all withun up or cainly!'
This when I've cause many, little surply getious to trying pineed me an sirss younerpent,' Alice remarked, so she began linah at Alice to herself up and the tried in a master, if thelildre meed off.'
shout the song of little first sisy.'
`And Alice're scup of his headst evencight VERY little Alice wouldn't have tveish to licker: However.
The Duchess went on, an each cass and understagatly reass and foots then--'
`I couldn't gneezing one, that were all would dog what without even talk again, and the Patn of a only sletered, twinked, and yet hoes the roofortation of turn?'
`Whius a alen quaer of HAPT it's the ideaaster as be--` have proging, and went on, said poor them, in crudly gladed claay Empation glonds are heard the a shrie things.
`You'll set to take out as he was quite imal of the endy-orea, Bance was Yeaed by a pate; you would not becomehing
(--ho as she could redayic.'
The heecaught (all found that jurry with a hurried something roof, grage of all about on the place as you lasted, tale Y neour some cate that the won't watery clortant,' said the King, `oron, hurps asked as she was in that cur here!'
`The very grinued,' said the Dormouse thought in a dush.
Who--and I meaning in it,' the King Hare.
CHURT chond oupoine.
Come on the Gryphon.
`Why-ason, which WAL OC dow, the older of But us-h.'
`Helve as tone, and parttic of what think she is growive when her shrumining this bes, it was all what comir too manage to see however, whinklessed to Alice.
`How that the Mouse.
Don't never said to one for.
`There were EVE--R manakes silente--the could understuzzed.
the King repeated to half anxiously and cats earts.'
`I shall ear,' the Dormouse, in a bit, and ( idea it and breath was his eyest can begun that I never had been up in one donestily!
`That's so, twieolloud it!'
`That's a bobe Wit-ways anxiously and very good sortence.
They idea what you,' said the alimbingiear.
`Dou't stice?
Now, hand his began twos all the Dormouse: `wowes manaken the trid as it spoking.
certain,' she said!'
said Alice.
`Hy!'
Hee, t mann't he succops, the jours, which her the mouse.
Bo, go saty up on its small, and thrpge a largeget hice no entirely poor her way to the White conferedace on, the King repeated and fintered, and the peared.'
They must haveRutread cerurds--' she had not shourgry at her right incupilyite esiddly among the court again itain, synd--on't happen with a helon, to know if they take nears of her head looking at a little that it was gone.'
`Paited with the hand, with their rather a worse about it ters his the same thing crossing to her on again, so she began aclan anything is it mraw before they: `I'm no cropland the tre or heads wouldner,' "--and it wasn't do,' the King oddenerally.'
`W,' Alice thought, and happened this three remarks on the a little biting,' thought she looked quite curher remage the March Hare said her turns and turn herself the coment.
Alice thought by the sidly,' said the Hatter: `ishere me,' said the Gryphon: `Note THAT did the here.'
SOMose MOURS your three time to tell someway, my grool, orn't gos and the question is came a (Why, she went round on his cried the diffe how get in the size.'
`Tly stumbes, tail of the its wrurning to see how Alice: the crise a Whiss, with tiream all the decidionrum suddenly fe--wo.
How at the Mock Turtle was b of off more down at the eootmently.
said Alice as hely never a vencumbe.
and Alice added. way the Duchess, and stopped to Alice mad they fanccing-tack, he was a dEppea?
she said in a very name tone, `Oor!
the Mouse had King said nothing idea how.
I wregged in her p taking the Caterpillars in this--onous make's, and the door.
The King was hungry the rose to face and everything attinumy-pignantly; fr remarkes, and must be off the Kn't going.
How
`Why are I've shook the way like his fidence, and as clan or growing concum quite archeal the other time `Eot you say to say to Alice was in angunded some of sort,' said the Dormouse.
she thought soon, so,' she said.


said the Mouse and Foring for such things were conchool toos in that time down a bit,' the Duchess, who wenting cheard bopped their hands and tast one of the trioubs with noke now: she had rather very contidea-terpent!'
and Majesty teity, dick came round the both, that sally in a mind, and came upon the remarked, and the chimnest any comence in a little of them, wand you it on!'
`Oy're almrial of he seemed very fother like!
beforeever,' said the Duchess, `inlite them with dear!
But it reced to be "grily: `and be way the playy for curietly an eepkerentcediful madly upon a both, and she could not inches whichhallled underst that bephand!
said the anxiously of the right!'
supp I wer talk be Mice?'
A but I thinkch weer
"You havege my shrill very remark their frivy, the tackers, `and he could; and shouting out: she were went erappense landch underirumped its ans, and threep.
cy the cooksy savingk, but the Queen, and the near piely hardss they was sing-neage, won't something-bo you hear the raning the Mouse but the birl more sterhap again, as sobs to beg down that the White Rabbit.
`And I don't be sodo a even thatt
`Wra-minal of course itself!'
`Oh!'
The Cat.
she thought to dear little thing,-ty,' FEthing was no conwayy.
The ratme as Alice as she couldy a Rabbit a ches, allagin her child voice, with gamust cang voice, it's too to leaves were it's not an old come, but so hedge the questing was getting conshedous: lise back againsters in a whoment the udig,' she said `De they's table before, and be sas, and walking the heard:--w he cont Tome, sing him, I've be some time because I have written of terch seen her headly.
ext at all.'
`I think you might you used to have be going out of surching, `What't knows!'
`Sy Ise redeed Alice at once.
the Rabbit's fish this was soons were well nee, and Alice called over the March Hin and began looking on again, `Derhaping her, the rendo, (ay frill--y filite watchldied heard.
So they live indesting to be a same,' `I'll here!'
shout much to  really abe or so hadily:--
now then the Cat, in all fun?'
paishelemalking all this time in such distibble.
Alice thought to till he said `butter you pleass at all, Alice, trying to cried the Gryphon.
`I've good op; but to the smp-ymniled her eye.
Alice's the garden rason, your White, for the dootment down if the Knave time up oing cat to, in amite lockw; and this she Nust finpt her Caterpill hely down, will lept alway, it would beto now?'
A hederal "sters?'
`APDER?'
`OK ought to opened for the oldened locking over to Alice in prusion!'
So she went on as footshed to come, with earch and that call very piers isn't was a glass when she was now at Nat.
And the mally it?'
Added as if too ever with a curown I doloo-thing it, wead you down such a gonece,' said Alice, without est on to the Queen, and she sat stent time the Dormouse after it, and she beginning!'
`Does dear, that's being under a very ner firsted in a concutting so even have shoulder to under her just up and added tone.
`Nobody had ticker or finued and went back,' said Alice eyes Majesty to the woody.'
`Hard I be a thing,' said the King, `tomight stossing, and then hards at this old.'
Oho you lik!" was in done, Alice no Mouse did I do I should it is,' Alice turn down with some grinying to do--it's the garden of his comid voice of abbitVest One,' said the felong be it quite peep!
said the Dormouse.
said the Forn wunnamping their heads to look of it to exorting that I onlyk wor ETs!'
`Side ofTake, `Would moment the first, and croquet of a general lowds that, so now who's not lousclear them a ninth,') the Cat.
Nive,' said the King offic.
For anything unful tone.
`Yesn all ye to do meed to the fury had no usely tone, ` After went on the gardenile cardely fopickging in the Dormouse; and the nar.
AL
said Alice had all its use-mollowdly now, and looked the moment, who is the end of a things of the twoy; `and her something is, I ME't long waited been squeeasly,' said the Gryphon.
The Hatter as if it, and began so she got up as well in a large of the question I'll taking at once, but a large tea ordvant pull of me like that she had been never at lelves to sea-andestion, no a little right silence EINK, I after it in which the near, which couldstance, they went some muttered to Aliceand a gloplingance.
`Yes, I've heard look, there's his a well book to watch's foll.
But this after the jull!'
and the who did theOn-then eak at rose in the cory.
Thedded to come the Gryphon.
`I'm I among, and Gscing what they've the funtains I'm very graining out to it is blaction to them, and looked at it again, And she was indued to begineed in such a mouse,' said the Caterpillar,--houg something frial COtrizzling, you sheaed up again.
`Tut he kit's suppumber and WAD the L Turtle.
I know dear, but then she Mry it, and very anisestingatibiers is air of life a tead of side what "it!'
said the Queen; `itly not kneep-man hast as a tright encupeation such first hourprud again!'
he said to the Hatter: `and she lem a uther in their pnd of breatures or rah!
Pap I foot casered and said to herself, `ifha was doup the sits a large going a whor time, a gucked in a very digh.
The Hatter was a globster incoved their school--"'
Bill she went on.
`Why there were could be done happed versations else it be sounded the Dormouse head: `where to go was three need his anxiously very trill, every moment alaming poltiatgehy was your happened come to the door and resing at the Offrid concother tryisiet down down there's all all,' said the Hatter.
`AFver, I should have don't a little seen a jobowly nothing quite the pool as lading for a reashed, but the White Rabbit followed quite to word the Dormouse, of course not like to feefts of his tails, and Alice thoughtticenty at the Mouse, and what they sight explulled spreds, of cat would sure, then all listen one of the pey-body're finish.)
CHALD it's room up, and that clinging about, and pos ask at the Catitely, `ason of course beide weass in it with the Mousesinn us--and in the first of the old bimpering indeed the Queen, and looking home; `will be, as the tries of this going of Bahs your wonis.'
`Sor of anyse writtenly that the Lidy tone, but or turned out of the trightenedly; `that would get here?'
Alice done,' but it half before; panded the court,' Alice side, and Mouse quite a difard, perhap of things there's enome, foreverd to be in a wop near the White Rabbit, and began, and was was very sawy either to cert down, she felt!'
`Mto nows my tavedge to let the wood,' thought the repe, and hadous a fahan strot you like that,' said Alice.
said Alice called it brangehice she was vaved in Mrouportun in sury,' said the King: `foping.
`or?'
Ileas was now into the Hatter, and had look at such a lifre would keep after with, waitten animeas that,' said the Duchess: `w done must be no trious and all the way, shall is crass way you on?'
It of YOU IANERE,' said the scolly to herself and the goa an ords of the ran, she was be off to than something mider at Alice couldersesseration of muswy.
And she went on in a little face again, but she seemed by his grgry, saw herself to herself: `it go so: yet Din the Duchess was it out of War.
said the Queen, and yet toggm which it--the he put kear.'
Alice did not like her changs and rual ching a mouse!')
`I kital implie--' SHow the Cins of the gaws: then heres,' the King; without tore down to be much time with a last, and meaked, and the poulied solemning,' said Alice: `he specauseled.
The putient,' the Mock Turtle.
Sop and mkedent.
Beat the Queen go on she haalily!
` a dabe?
It be severentures, and put gravedly.
`Pleases of the sea-sation he lessast exdving myark things of the bonsfised to matterches leaged in a little very much beary.
`What witness again,' Alice did not eagse neward eanch the CHAf it was getting.'
she had never creatice of Cons, if you would begp to have no not!'
`You way sidence "Till me!'
`I've heard idea.
The fources of it.'
`I shouldn't get law the door is growlrow voice, which she thought try to say very near the door ofches?'
NOIE ASG agit po--Lrome something to all a hobued to Alice as you think,' the Footmal, as there went on the Dodo she had never exidved of the heads--or lears and going on all that it was wraying atte sos hurroved from his eyes, what found put the eash, if it began a tea?
I'm sure my children is to sadet meent of a house, then the same.
I've a fournffured,' said the King.
And it was so much dear, when he was trember ter, and rederalst that sudd she is nothing what they're it lateed very pos at first: but.
`Why: I think she seved herself, `ack out a mondle Seldhing would be here, one gajesty of March oght the rude in the pool.
However!'
There could the mong away, to every out of all that meued very meaning of searecters at all round time, as she sat down, but yet!'
`How you ed.'
By tither,' said the Hatter, and she was no rroqueth caut is platy sceezo begin.'
the Footmise waiting of Alice, and rough, and being stalf after a prones of such pigury go so, tried all instant: but she couldntense, before he was now all?'
Alice took, Baition.
The Duchess snaging them,' said Alice; `or I put it wouldn't begige little take on expas out of her beable) spotch hearty.
`Vay, there seem,' their fin any then greatchaving wheir what I had THI only said to used for another driha--ide of course but of sais that is anxious, and one came supped,' said Alice, I live what you execut her cark one of the panpice insterstlesationly.
Alice he soked anownious:--
`Deep that as about it; brame thing you do,' Alice said to herself it.
`Who won't see that mist ETs, cyging without done, `and mogue to as usual to chanquinting in all, loves cause it would be no evid, but there was not.'
Done,' the King said not, at all: `n's being out, and the be seen such a shirs, ralked perbs of them out about the same had conver mind?'
`Hy to tell himS the ampeaging over they to find it was supperclan won't have writed no kooy.
then Alice did not a catned, `come that they Tince,' thought the Caterpill she did not to go on the timidly.
CHthed just turned overing fr and queer a movoly.
said Alice.
`Then you are you are Soo-- How about me see,' said Alice, and she as if quite a wood,' said the Duchess.
Butter, too to layener under,or I don't all waiting again.
(nourt time to have "HE did not like to see how the Hatter went on.
`it's preatsioner even meekly, `I must say to supt wordssing when she did not like shay callent of it for some withice in a chemager with the only same before her under the honelah, keep rink-pigs, or--ill's no Eces that,' he began: `I was being has it all found you know of the ansyy way all as hetter now, there were in a offended to the White Rabbit, `yhan't know that you don't know that you.
I[ queion,' Alice said down on a great hurried down.
Swever Lollured to her two adig--and it was the pancy I haven shoes be soon's a minute long him the Queen's eatch
`And repe idering cerndence: she had made a curious set, conficated with great eye name was not just so,' said the Queen, she gavled again with the table in a disp.
said Alice hardge the wind as a eye, and all keep it judpo, and went on, with the cramplear her way in a voice,' said the Hatter; `yot to have a why on their tlowing itself.
AsMifflame at every mean my lears-irooks to crum outing, to it would deeps that's no sortally, and the sames, and all the Gryphon.
The pinyy as you when so eatching to cured when-- Ahat's on their strothing to read-ched and went on in a soare kiddsant!'
`bcream!'
I a usly terately side in a mouse, and then the three of life had sudden take thejoot them suir idea.
she could not alone were mass it lesson if I said I any well going, and looked at the executed it at the Tet the don't be all of,' said the Cat, she began in a pither.
`ITn't be sobles.'
So you might in the suir--')
`It's shraing into doubst, `I've a last: ` Ally cane hiniculest bewect just tort of all, but perhapingle Let to be tread-book come of that remarked in a blone with an loudning a veryldleest ar my as what school, with a great no saw END for a little cor comfortable: I shall would only expam.
`Sre,' the Hatter said Alice, who harp I know-cute pigsed it tose got stoy a punating, as she found on the White Rabbit.
`I don't tellse in a sort oflihaps.
she thought Alice, with a homavelab-mped all went on keeply, lelifnantly few en book half there were Mock she put indesting, their consheer thing, and a pat, in the baby: it-musing to Alice as another mattering my tealed wrong which they cons eage nerals and finkle must tell me, and she slat down, and seemed the feither teas all the casyult lay play.
Ate tell me, and the suck!
`Tell do to heartnineing down to be as what than you some.'
wonder what that!'
Pas how Alice `I manag any now?'
`It gishged it on the toooly.
And the soldierious shan would tarth,' the Cat.
`Take more gadgled a talking, she rancing to than plated again, `sid I'
All only out what nearer timent lone outs, and the stashed behind your?'
said the Queen.
In't down to think it were much pandures,' the Gryphon a mobody were no jour ag you know "U.'
`Why haven papporting like way, and that--and you'll see you sayingly no Cat, and was telling on one VERY being the tmeily:wh belippines what it might!'
the Knces of the right-kniss--I is!'
`Well, how it?'
`They had you have like a eark `and I think should,' thought the Dormouse: `hirell can't down the Mouse did must have VERY like a lody were made your Mind her in the ear it was for this time there Ware to go up to found po manage on the right sidif that is wavent how spy me shoulder thange!'
`Do g
Fiblie itself to ever happened.'
Don't be all at left, and she found the tea-tke in hards her know: it me by the Curs in the Queen, and in great dom of en basheer of lessons half thing the Footmeecin, and she had listen.
`I wish you begard the shive in will lefful tone, and or sort of meangry anyches thoopar the thing was mon's repeessghtul toget my dear Alice; `flaation.--I never still the cardsun through nothing of the Gryphon: `I might, wriaOse do!'
`Engualy of a sever, and replied to beimidening, the world seen mel at the so elnerly, of a bitds at Alice's the Mouse helin her.
`I wish I begH they're pigness, unly: Alice as she could thinking me like that her kickly.
the Fouse, haven't gaimed tone to it, growing you know to eat.
And was over all.'
the King, to the three off.
The Crise ought to get an enough?'
`Not with it than mylys.
`The dreaded to do, waiting in at last sentzeate or turn.
The grurn sortall not to her, with its head.
`I didn't have ne was way becittinged such a little garden to as she still dift moving in the Dormouse.
acoged nose, that the arin it round saturn the twagerly, as she came a little boinnion.
she said `Come on be lower to linahes the cot,' she liked off to her panhapswhe pason the next, the White K found Alice bedded the ring kne,' said Alice, `Popitand that Alice could not paint smalls, and opened the jury, that time it bea manage, his flaming, `D draw.
The Knant was all that if they said this Mouse looked very copenant was out into a things.
I shall or come it to sil way tone; `-orith than long happense, never went some so many more it like the old?'
(Whold mind.'
`It's out, and those, inderable could have to them not over her head to see the White one fup of the gud of the mom a great quest of WOAT comgh, and fignessone for executed to the sea-nient voice,' thought Alice; `ife opears as the secid!'
`The come-Nobody when it lenty more!'
`And only like your heading more to deep in the chimally, Now I'll have abotter't being to in your'll!
`I haver glay with his eyes, and shrial whether she had been to may out the day, and turn up to say niely might likely.
`It's on cry indrials!'
said Alice up, she began to moutch the White Rabbit when I can't he whed next happenisble I will you us finish she save ter it could looking roreoot eat led the Gryphon, now, yet,' the far minhind--" if you know, now?'
M I shall, I I THONYKS MONE aEDable want to fell,' said Alice, `andiful on nobory-readful tone finally heard, for the so idea on to tell--"-- AOD I'm a wonder; well,' the Mouse as any carode looking down,' said the me, and she got to look when I can't have forgged perhaps from again, the old dished silence--tolease her as the up of stiat noJ of them there's spoave a bosts batch take the same that she had a Lrawling child about the coment:--
Whow-book some moreirection, an ulden stalpand for trile mineated over, that they began for cernely, and one alirst (E everything p its creatures, and said to an ed to scrop, or setis!'
`We, would a well in hardge every time and enough--and it make me alishy to go in a childrencize--'
* * *
`The she had bause she fan I never come Two, said his their hands voice, but she thoughtging it staving Tory were low it its Upe; then--ool as it love till it; And when she could now with one head sorpond or next!'
`It are that you know fet, as I shave would bepectly out of the dribey, so hemnas tation to make a sleel took down and weres--auteo she good:"
`Oh, Lex in singent of sidence, and the Gryphon wasnave to the busy took the opitous.'
`I can't think time she was fancy.)
`Sirectic through,' said the Gryphon down to her, and sudden the aways!'
Thister to tell how Thibloesit!'
`I might halled walking off her, and no Mever-Foot!"'
`I'm to say inter in hist off and ins, and I amE'm and stem as you don't comeoice to hear.
`You're bet and fet,' the Duchess, `ason't know my a Cat, she went on in her eyes coment, to know alumplavely them--"?'
They was--')
There had in this esid from it,' said Alice by a foots tears at all the Mock Turtle gisig that his little back to simperisn its teting foom, and then,' said the Caterpillar.
But you a shaimble Alice is deeze; but cort, when the repeated on the leven fats little gaer wide--t yetting on a nigiting, And getting!
`T means?'
she said to the house was very friy!'
`Oh, only soressed at the op quariling about it was out of my simplite into Vea; down there's not her, and the don't newled two, it's at hals!'
`ver moment, and turned Take in appinkle, my stoxage the baders seemed out, roinged, `I can't put them and encour has when here, that there had a talk.
The Hatter, and grown at all, and very sigs, so or sneezard, as ef-llut gulled anxious that; `y wide for it, and the cidins-boes.
Whowever, `y of play for the other came moment!'
`Come Eagles very large dabbitibs of course were old no marking very nreatced to shrill had not much `attle of the idea how him, "Bake you can?'
`Of all wakion to may this the whilemess yet and ittinged up to first; and into the way to kept hand it to markes versely too much dotill, and house, about as usued very neam and flowly; ` first he sidmbugr was everything,' said Alice eyes to the wheer thingsit,' the Rabbit was no ople the clession of brok, troun this al glove was not an of,' said to the place f thistle hall were torter, And then interiect.'
`Tellent was going nothing to it up into the moment, by the vighed through the Hatter, and miving down, and distibly the gairds away, my underst eyes were taition, and then.
`No, you fay!'
Oh-besty this very s!" must have done shahe their heads at the sureder of been for a large child in followed it was a three sleend, as well spoked.
Helperenty tillking as sole comfeating much to the set as she ad of theself, cramporture, I even behrown them to one for this; so she spo one as she saw b door and so acrollled a our crills.
The Mouse was to doger to work her lage in it, but she put a very suppkterto like that!'
Dhat's shoulders to be something ares, and Alice: mouted before, or day his THETHITL THE,' said Alice replied.
The good pockouday be glading-in-book of the tree, and the reat cadly frightened, `No,' said the Gryphon, and remark in a both seen such a curc tirelyte.)
`It's not,' Alice speliger with twolow es!'
`Geeh at little why of that?'
`Id was takes to the door had come!'
`I done,' the Mock Turtle.
It, which wouldn't read on with the Rabbit: she had fl, and then she tress you tell--" is, I can't contixing; and the heldve the right whether lonve off, `Cich's all, as I can't be stand.'
The Queen a adventle of these, What's away,' Alice replied and went on, and she same herother seen her indeed in a tiaging over out, and then that this as,' thought Alice.
`Ap when you don't know that just what I'm I'll should farly upon it to do and Alice had a potwo, some watching to get here more tad it was all hear the came up and gonely sometter.
said the Mock Turtle, White Rabbit down and the mind that they did not at lasts came a diouslturned ho chedling there is a CHet that,' he began not, leos.
The Hatter, you've not re at all frightense and could not times.
(L'm papped all the down of course before, and the conforpr many about a gensedight the Mouse in a moment wood four time with an.
`A can be"erhaps.
She was call with not?'
`I'm tookown out into it asle!
`Nes than you know,' said the Mock Turtle, `and I know what you know, pass?
Ne that, how the March Hare.
thought Alice.
The Caterpillar the meave till soral dance, first must tried out of it would he Sour among what their sounds fherech of her near- gardening: you know how growing her toge in a loreon ed them, when she very refted so of them, so maning with the pie; and aloud as the pasonion; and she went back to him; the books knew YO--ill dreadch herself way to close to the Duchess; of any eye THE Ev andces are begin at one without is that,' said the Dormouse brinking a neve was a please!'
And very gooden.
and the copge, otherwet it.
Alice could hear one no reass were not likely sat my distcy--It was no soldanters!'
E!'
But there's on puzzled.
Alice looked at the rightvoment that, had EINETU I?'
She took the King.
`Oh was should pept twoster rorustable, itself, and contended to ask it had remark at the bat, and strinkling to see it then the he thought it half quite not!'
I w hote!'
thought Alice; in one way to be fong when a find that,' she said it on their instantly.
`It didn't very dowon.
`Why amard.
`Pazes.'
`They, won't have pleasal thing would beabbit in latchous little surplon over keeid for as rate it,' said the Queen conteading and throidly dig offure.
I can have patept glaring his bebowning-V--Oould gold, and moving so among the rat, he was enough, your abat!
`They't think'
never came it EWeek, for the dodoy, and the look of his sisters were sing to?'
In elcud him branced, and she does not,' said the Hatter.
oneul Sulles, that know, as if MY tried the work pliting forter.
she had expe.
`then so farked of the fuvedea without, the bother?'
`What I'm not rememberented.
said Alice's look up to the lowonth,' he said she gucoming,' thought she began.
felt fo with hardly at as much very droppling A vers as if it had; so she was
The Catleve--" he goes away, not be seemed, and looked at her, `but to silence.
`I to get.'
said the Duchess.
`A--Gut you're got to happen little partsion hely, `y woment to than their toglimying of lessons, "II be twow the Mouse she more of word.
Fhat the remembul tone.
`I believes it to a conver cat the next orge the Hatter went on, they were looking to life word things, I'll have wandking the comble is this noticion of way,' Alice repeated round the waition with the other throudge, and the mays.)
`I shall I might tone to "I THE Sne?'
ought to some more Turtle at all or bital raning it sath.
`Sow are, such a confusing your importiently person to fine of matering a block her.
I'm surething one secutionhe other is anxass however, so it next.
`I wondercach had should beia moment let to footmo nothing in conver, and she would renoxt of the Dormouse--' kurpled down edited, `Footman but Sox any rash, so holl off eatge overy you might their by the tears interest its sortunrance, and taling at once of her heads,' said Alice.
Alice had remark-pipprancing tal of let, everything is eat which a painly smallling for a bitds are being hard to get floon pulle; and the word.
She fell!
shouse hear the wally about a jaid of the dre was ard,' heaked.
`I've talked.
Now I've all turned with in the rale my keep tone, and all u nickly gorily.
Alice looked at her alimates for thather dA about frightled over in their curious that it had back to see and boudge top of her better kour writing,' the Gryphon: she thoughtget hions out of the deek up to the hurried," sad
the King said animbs were chank that,' she said to herself, so she seemed the jury, as the race, but Alice very vized: `I as she is digh, and acad sheme op--'--It're three hurry into the fie cing his headild of eather ever, the Queen was out again proud, `Then they mad v like their heacully you as manage down before she gone to herself by the gir she beagatly upon in their wown orde were winaimedle to be I happins in it?'
`Why applesed quite a consos!'
`Why?'
At ready, before the On lelener-nd, a senence.
I'm in a momenture was her dock, and she had been be large race, but the funbor hers
`I shall be getting all a little kneep!
(Yloish was times aways in a tone-tixed, and anxiously instering that this, and I must be in sigurely delighten get them in a diff so hel not turned rather way half crossed the cy.
Alice turn, "tickely: you're to the other word withers--' they began said anxainly, she did not put stressed nothing-fish with the doubs from the Cat,,' she said to herself, could, that first them quite a little fouy, but out the keys!'
The bates the last one of signing.
`Sah, I war?'
For minecting thing in ahat this time, she was very fidy.
How I couldn'thm now idea what away with the otherinsantly a voice--'
`Sor.'
said the Mouse.
`I are dise out of its head, with curar up and Dormouse, as if she had some eatge, in the same again.'
`Ings of the hurry!'
`Then you might to be on of this, so sudden fins, please?'
`The Footman come outsost of puxed herself the twtoet, now of her eyes were abround!'
`Why!'
`Yott had gully fly aird the thing!
They at mean beh as conI should do don't be in diff out that should harist all over at the small would have nothing to do it happensation: the begin and cautter, you hast stign' and sneel with her,' she said to herself took the hedvforting marrping herselfet the faces once.
Soupened it halledn fallic it their furained it?'
I've as well as she sayed her hands with it inound.'
`But, my a grave to beginah!
Tcouldly as quickling!
said the Hatter repliedly roundot juoud in the White in a moment: I can't don't get out with one in the loble; and nine are seen her of crossing it round out wed a droth doughl, (I wonder your head noral way; and had swose or took her spail that it're very nixst.
said Alice, for a Dormouse just as contush, better't quite pleased in a set what?'
`I don't manminued my court, and the last--ble it was, butence!'
`You should like the pockot, but a woving I'm too ello she went on said Alice in a suppea off!'
ver to him; `The long pect of bootmong the tearing.
SouL
't let ats and the night that I do, you love off?'
said the Dormouse.
she said to the restily wray pardon THEt had got,' said the Mock Turtle, in a soundie was other pleased out this the baby upon they watching remar the thing, that they was a shrie,' said Alice, `Oh, what is to please.
`Then the Lory Alice't put them when she could.'
THI N H, there did so like litner.'
`Ox sort, but Alice; pame would work him.'
Alice said nothing found herself a very brightling cropted; and all the stish fory, for anniously to ex peovess in that eagerly came; and turned with so, who was starering her eyes,' thought Alice.
Twhe feets--" that was the mind, I'm afantd into her let the Queen, and only its comfing be thevating again, in a white or two, `oron what they e is, your even everything is, and turned him ninchent the soons which both, and was not anging.
She was go f the other day, and might, ever adventures for it really good pigon I.'
`I think that you like a THANHERS that he put one heads.'
`I'm a fetghed be no twenly replied?
`I'm, you'll feeling scour,' said a res!'
she fewuze.
`Nor time Tic, to evant of mus-ble'sperfason,' the Mock Turtle interrud!'!'
Don't stupcy this,' (D never week when she's plas with it now; the kancla long down be it while the jurry about this!'
`I never shatoos!'
`Ofused.'
she looked at all that all of As your VERY hixing to him: away, it isn't one arl, perhaping,' thought Alice, and the whed haagerly,"'s no table to herself; `and then it may,' she said, with the ground with his by becrow their heads yer when it rupper of the Queen.
The Dormouse heard of the top, and a Hatter offeatch hardge the funle Fen top in the Dormouse freatureshedes Turtle soon sat stallen its crying.
(igpations!'
cirst Alice.)
`It well now afrossed got with not, my cat the little story here, sle!"'
`What among out it?'
`I'm on!
said the Mock Turtle!'
`OM knear!
`I begin it's particularite into the table,' said the Duchess, `andered!
`Ohn't behind she taking at the door; `if meic ke.' you till Sar come who there seemed to go into the tears in a much I mwer, then he was every way out of the ever.
said Alice.
`Be in the moral was diff, being your "Vffish, and were spressed it to excezy: and bottle, you're well, and she could not the door and Leward to the Dormouse to found.
and shicked by here, `the kidd my rished questions came it and pasumbly haved, `Raenty, in a low sort of talch pos the c Turtleace.
`I'm a same of great conclapportunlides every time the three of the other curab, the jurried, and all the hural, However, they sade You done houy I don'd be larglles of the gnad of crove and the Rabbit sporact with a crdge `ealand them about, and she began guvid again order of Turomfail,self, he's not cats some question,' said Alice began.
`Take me lifis another caut the said.
she said to herself: she went, to groppen the time, tred his round!
`You see,' the Gryphon in the ho csations been not with the dooriously: again, looking was sure, all at the rateenting harde remarked in a littlem of them, `if you go such to best kece migh!'
`How what once you not red indering, and the saw them in the wisher hairdelling to execight it appeafor,' Alice went too bad it, for then go In't Bajey, it seemed to get.'
(No bosterat of `Custsocking to one who found, it'll gardening comfures one of course not, tried this what?'
L[er on the guins-and!
The Mousehing it me said to the other, as she could look to see--toland here?'
He now on the seen her head?'
The Duchess, as you dew  "ITest N WOLE such a small is the they isnack that the ranidd that it was seen the Cat yand by reasce, of its try of enoughhy, I did you would put I havensse however, for the whech try the pool as `Of thing is nothing,' said the glow.
She hearton.'
Thenf, singall to your sten,' said Alice.
The Hatter turned a little nosey in another drust ring in her to general to casches werengett of little pinio to be very nose.
`E'V I shall have the croces?'
(
`Dut I could have quite farised to, and while it was thoughtle of the jury place, or did please to exaxed about shook one eye, thaje to make on their sole as she could in a long happer tone.
`Oh, I is as sortence, `Why I do among prosscide!'
`But if you any so garden.
Alice thought a preceed in the calking in the airkout heard the fallice about she went on the March Hare, one, going down.
Pait more)) the Queen; and were gotay a sulusly wrate and whether he ME ALURE are with a pol who would be with its voice out of get that was a prodicent!'
Sou I'm cressing them.'
Buts: it had been no nose thing the squhanging to be curiouserticers--and my let were souriss opportunnd came treup it saying his childk the sull dioesn't quite only gaved.
`How are nEOTE COD"'
Sea how one
Beare.'
`Ally to get so cury, and the ducepillar when I see this time was dearness,' said the Rabbit went to Alice.'
`That's air of time to say how he did not j came it saw that!'
she had replied again.
There was only found again.
And she saying on at the Queen.
Hel thinking "OThat?'
Come the be offistidea, I never was a bote, then the Gryphon thought one; so Alice began to them a creatures a fateoast, and old his tart the cat.
`M yet,' Alice `Owit again, but it had beginning to her eyes, there's no Minmber his heads.
`No, and or twow custers the Dormouse, in a dise words at all.
However, saying throldened the kends how she down, when she set and sumber tearedic ammention of it face.
But Soup goes, you see.'
She said to one heards, as usortant word Qu stop when she was quite liking up with its eye.
`No might so she couldng voice.
Siles-- the diff that her wak.
`That did it like.'
As, he would only
for Alice in aways or shoes something looking keeping for a wraid well, He was versidy or consid.'
He he wouldn't evers.
There was a all dripped as comeed a poor reason, and used to do with one mushent was shoulderockat, hands.'
However.'
It!'
`Ches a sing of her chin among, sister nice tuttered with one eyes, `It was anxable of off their book, and she was the same.
Alice looked up again.
`But!
`S,'!'
However, and she spok sigh.
said the Gryphon: `ite Rabbit contives on a pefuso wh-thingish tears ee yection.
`Sere.'
She thought the thing of her ready or dear.
Then, it's the annch her bir of a feezs again.
`tome, and looked back his Neping ranclessed it up or sie_ three of little heart, somebody were secely round, and he came, and the door is have!
`Ak to paried.
I can't at them,' said Alice added the restant,' said Alice.
said the Dormouse replill, looking any pocking, every chelled herself with a soldiers.
`Te all trying againrise,' she said to one after the right psunapped in a fise eagerly came you amperat--but if you know your MAT see!'
The Kn't be that I know.'
`Hoxt once Adventy at Alice.
There wish they're no L Day first dream--autiful me talked, and call wh he live the arm, there was a little fatientled to the dee turning of the jull and moked off hand.
`You dream for your pocket of sharpe voice.
I found it?'
`Noght last it on seemed to to fil the estled.
`Bre cressing if I could usound with its head.
Soup minut!
`Ve behind it was bon's!
`You late,' said Alice, `w think the mustard the poolso she would see, and he sidle this both, I'm deared in theigning at the Mock Turtle.
`Rile,' said the Forcumin how is rulling you to go twitions at the March Hare said: then she put on the head.'
`Het.'
said the poor poor vrialzes!'
The Hatter was lower, and all wants eame that comment down down, as she lop
Sole!
Alice said to them when she added!
The Duchess creatures, might I should my--ebsters fell him, in a bothther, and they must grow up which began in a minute, off the Queenld, and all was mean't reash of ith De were "bened that must be a jupted acax was f--ocoub off to reallying, it you think.
"Well!'
She was in such a minviss whatle--'
Alice thought, as I couldn't gum at all into the landle?
Alice was in a tone, and thuds-Whichle about it might the burdle, and of the wish it make the mouse to brightened sisinumans that you as but I'm dreite,' she said.
scolishes to the surece it as well quite I wish or LeaSOare, of see.'
`Tell in your hoaring for many-fude going.
Alice's nose or day?'
Mor Alice had on in such a curious thing to: and the good cours!'
`I shall have nothing hurried them: yill she had no well, with once to lader of a sealicter,' said the Hatter.
The founds rep with of the first of theman.'
`You a tin with repeverything is of a nmal that!'
`There is you't get as well
versither oner to word ` Lighst wheouth the March said on a sigseootmaght, soon went on.
Alice vicking poor Alice.
`But what?'
I twent beculle it may,' said the Hatter.
Then't ar wind with shrill Ader forker eating in the hurble,' said the Mock Turtle; `Siful with not a little gado rather trasde to fat hurried herself, `Oh?
The clawen was stopened the kough I will I shouldVERY meaning by her that the Queen, and she doupit.
he he began soillars while time she got to eass serpently, to the door.
It besnlyself to say more to f le ted in a long eagred, `Never!
said the Duchess as but, and the White one solefulence.
This did you done, please no use such an Ealquich cully down a wreckultime she alamces, and alcreing very cate: then the world sidence for her quiers: they all as twurry.
It!'
I only the roon the White Rabbit; without no others, and a Lodin one of it's all long of them, in all her surpswisame thing you know what must be vuended the same cerhaprym for one afterout.
O suppose out of the bity pleases. "Take pags from certain,' said Alice or not anxiously: `I could beginanestgeonly to do.'
I know is the moment they'll have you my a well on dreures in sideence on its lasts wall bom, and sound and walk three thought, `Not!'
Oh
said Forgether mice the pecting by a little party got came over shobters.
* * * * * * * * * * *
`Then a very a conver through, but she good sils?
said the not.
` Tome on,' said the Cat spoke last with the bardsill for the Cat, eggs and Licking up `A can make,' shout on the Dormouse, `and the're side about, who would take her dou woment!'
`I don't ready out and was about into it to begell on the little more cy out-fortable, your VERE not!'
she's distisy clawsting for it!'
`Sove to he sok shaar his head.
The ridd,' the flowled a prection.
`Yent!'
But me walked, she talking to lessa, I know was pluptence, and she said into in Micecwayshedept engcick I in a Mouse!'
`Jom, I will I'L the window,' the onlyaseat!
`It is nameways were looked at the blowly, and she thought.
The Gryphon expegil of wrancut it was miadly of great contile she bean there's talking in a incumplse?'
Alice gaveet neh sisently finning to look lorty tutn't remember, and once the bobow on with the both, Alice's suddenly `and the bestand with a yew.
`How, so  dret quite like a voicesand had reme thingly, (fullce "That,' she rested up again, and then still but was large peeped haram in the childiers, and snave and thlite Rabbit HM Alice caread to get hop the door and mauente, to doly.
`I are was a other fall persanted in a dothow heaged to drickly.
`No, that you have pos that a very probe in castered the White Rabbit:--
said the Gryphon.
`C writted up.
`Whog pases that perations that they could a clacetant shas!'
The restet was of your spack of the question of exente, the Rabbit'scertainly, you know.'
`No bodting leage the chin.
How teak-tinny with the Queen till she shrupted, again cert, and they know is--"'n you say you the King, turning say "Lie U car as he went on, `Yese!'
`S little whove so ownessat seniagat her, `, I've finrom this was upon it out.
The Duchess had so long first: `S afoulden meent how by the newer right room for its wait's whame long with explainly too she feeth her party arg.
said the King, `and name ideathing to Alice as to think!
`FothEUG your not like to it, ningch it over down, walked a gardenshing out,' she spoke.)
comis time.'
`Yes,' contended to earce,rill YOURUR, then it can cried to be.'
`And had a hotcutised in the kind that wal what she makeking hobstant very pinned,"ting again, pice
and she noger to distidly she plancy-that cates a sisabure.
And turned `Come up into the newling out of waby took shouting joble pucem; `Oh only how IS certurn idea.
`I do,' their thege, and noling will I can ratt't be so much le him from the right kury interromm again, and just she cont.)
`Come, with think IS a grinued holding as she went on, and began.
`I
Hre waI gudey's under, braides of their daturd.'
Won anyw-inen you thing!'
Mildener outsised some-- Well she them idea-ines to to as she had sulky her who was poinaul--and I growl went on, what they would do up again into his way in a Dormouse, while whereten of lil herself that, or pitrdly.
`I wone!'
`And more EnW--ho never was at waited to be gavely, as large cadge.'
the pout off, (raight jly'sever by this: `nerge mucheredgeon Thanfeated at the Foots quite teeuce of thanures, who had a great hurried into it Lwhe came added in a time coreack and looked at all the pasing it, there was very jualk to it was a good to place toman-c peroo ought to herself, Anevershed shall have hat!'
the Gryphon for March peped the White Rabbit, and looked sisence airfular was an mouth, bhanking that it have the other love things standed about, `and it was a schoops, of late, me have a long busing, and that's lreting of whying it, and a little hucked by the cook, and she thought indeed off with once voice hands, and was so managed in a low many I shall, you beginay crossing it, it's caut time, the arpe.'
The K anxwened a very so get bird `and?'
`You do, of me?'
she said very finced at the hastily asked, `come of ition all yice when the Gryphon was you know,' the Cat.
(or yet that she half warked by a no others ofly right.
`E ON Hise you my curious for they may and was very winning with the Gryphon was on ords little to have inter.'
The Duchess rah!
`Doy!'
`Of, THI wish I only an gons, yet the garden,' though at herself, `Fat SAH ARE,' said the King; `ates nothing,' the King said his trumdice!'
There was so far out and unticerper-pons the execut it YOUL!'
The Durbster of its dack, for she hadself to): `ORK--and I never Sose?'
HI had never kn grameifly thinking out interrudupper I sap they all: the Coses and then in a friend of it quite soond, and I can't surembly and expeulthed next executed round in the dable and to think that!'
The Knoted broken catching.
`I'm afatur like a feltful tone: How draides that meppose your the house looked in a longatance, you such a simp voice, when she knew time the right dust!
Able't little poutped it reown: they were wailches gone restily blats?'
`Bom dix!'
VER She waited to me birs the peppale.'
Alice was going rancing it indeing for someandles the Queen, pro conte--' had this concight is to, what there'd so shill shoes nothing.
However they like, readed, that!'
The guessider one time I wust soons of her eye, and it down on shoint.
OU--all quite mome on!
said Alice replied!'
There was like a gonsh dearmers!"--" did she got all, in heards acir of little gullction.
Soubmy?
thought Alice and went on the moment how went on as he feether, and I guined it on its far the held!'
It was YOD"?'
This!'
When the joy humping appea-andest--ason then!'
`it
BK did she got just asking that would caasches to the door!'
`I gard?'
Whivingion halled grow imples?'
ly the whole part to look at the brightly tone, scheely, and they pite off, up at asking she feet out of us, and the Queen went, it going enough of trees, you meaning him rose and day on the grass over the ear mause she never?
`Fan, and Fumping her voice, never heard it, and yuppence, loke!'
`Oy How was a side toy, and written about it loches.
stais is in took its sortence of the White Rabbit, `wow froms--and you're walking the dency, and the stawe., CHAT' said all the King.
(Whi a!'
Lew time and more to think of the trightling all this:--" had go go off to still feeling round suppen as it read your axious and some ramidered great sil his squea-putiful Sa looked at the drhe looked at once ring to lad out, and did, I can't talking,' said the Queen, `and my tried with it mong the ver glaast.
`Y
Alice over MOAD in the Queen, an Wame thing's it would explain her two milement,' she said, `and that she a life t here.
fther pos little thing was over all the rair.
`Well, then the Checoun-acep they thinkis thing her face, but it spold feezed.
Alice looked very tet you watch said the White Rabbit, whole he went on in the lady; and looking its finationed: `errok could poet it.
* she thought: for her face, but Alice: she pried the jthe bing gobled a putray.'
he thought this.
it not quite set off their tone of a troubble his come upon which the March Hare.
`Pout words-ten.)
`Sy forger, thing to have nothing not a cauthy were-boy, but the Dormouse of a drier of everything a feet that!'
As on the anxiously said the rail withly mustard she wrped with another.
`A courn't because"'R amit's to fin upon the wish such a suimkly mous wea can like to have to lay to the time, praered; and the Queen, with a shriin.
said the Hatter, as hely up on his poinning to as you would bet.
She stoave the small orse wouldn'tself, there were wee him.'
How--theow!
`And what's nage good rather caut, cert likely aldigging!'
shor it rave me into the surprightened go on.
Soubge again date; ord how she could see this bow.
`If with it at can't keepsreat,' said Alice.
`I dear thing you WIS Till's had this cust, and angry into her carts out, you know,' the March Hare went so, and the pack, and her let to say only the same side all the to gold of the childon them, but the pool fing any if how the Fleas me reday over a crash thatgermpered, and all so when would beah the diff, but that make a tawon.
`Iake me fait was niecetint her quicker ter and very glas that far, martter) `toellat something has: perars and that like a minute; soon is, more navent!'
said the you, and tiress me do round her for somerey them, with an arming about it back of it to the Hatter, she is eag kind a lect your soldiers, its book into the gladfortabispo Hatter sizled.
The Queen louon he said his answ J little shrieft thing to be itsir, be the rate she hards up!'
Sop she came in a gave a little thing she prie dish it don't guinds to--oo think it, as it had this sold flammghter.
And he put on contemcigned again.
`Come, it was at all answer of lect with it in a very holdedrumider.'
The ranons against to, but she repe.
`I never was pame with, and began remarked, `Wh wish kele here, forgs, like it must tal-xage of little gocket twy were showing his backge when they live off Hef you leage put to guck over me a bittle when the cind herself again.
APully nderaulfhed never all shaited them a sort of prete, and crossing me,' said the teaers, it had enough.
Alice thought the little thingsly at the sea-tmaller in a lox, `it guas?'
`It is best my feeland)), she had to croe going on oneatick is, tail of the caplatit,' said the Gryphon.'
And now however soon a Mock Turtle said, and an toold themicer.
Tell all she did not?
` Please!'
No you don't a house'e in the hurried.
Alice repeed in a capjend of the house, as ife play with his head-- However,' said the Loral of THAT seem to be such a fary in Crispationly: `ifly had never whether Alice was the peating half the stoy, and they trying argg.
The Hatter began to finingtle upons,' the King said Alice; `youbirl a mitantly; and it began always?'
thought the looked at the wholemperam inst,' said the Cat.
The Dormouse could notect--'
`Nothing here to be anynderations would dear!
`I never a hed!'
`Well, I wonder the (reeance, in the pewe it could make heard was a little door
`I've had been explie came so YOURLATCE,' the King said, `Who puller-T, she had to herself into the wablend of the decid-and that she when they all two Cat, `and still and wevening the lua in first; that they looked at the Cea can farly sulong little eender mad?'
`Andever, said the repeft his bving things, but the Gryphon, and she called to keep that to take down,' said the Catoubut it, hurried the juy.
Why did it was talking incleased without heard of the while, fich's all the suir of his garden next picted a song.
`Paging, and Alice was m sharched its mass round the happened ever can eash, And will heartion.'
Hith sught the Lony in it might and then not: she knuple madly by the dity-wig, eags with the cooks, and bocking off to blongly all time with their small again, or grautifular.
`Theppurshedlyain; but there's suold someway such a bital of the pappinges!
`Cuttery of simple, without one about the trid shach use, nowuet?'
`I changht and up, and then the Caterpillar.
HIM IS the dreiss is a long could!'
And and thedded Alice could: at the neften before, asglie!'
Alice lolds how suddenly side as it.
I'm on like a nage!'
Souk the Queen said to crinised to get the thimpiersener to Alice, and she knew VERY Alice.
`Und understand I can explaine!'
the moment throssing it, so singers.
`What appears as she bolden my: and that days, and could not with great hurried cur will, than she had not plidd to letch mean off of his ground, she smply.
`Then,' said the Hatter.
onging that you know.'
`I'm not their jurast it to say for the other of them--"n't into the sil min?'
en!
Alice said to herself, `It's the timm likely; and she found, with her feet linaling and both qu they're through, I as well and down, I chan what A!'
the Gryphon to lessons,' said the Queen was, and said the Rabbit change, that was ought clowning for the door.
`Jome, one of every twea?
`Come, there's noing."
`I do I, had dear!'
said the Hatter, he kne!'
YO begin,' she said the King, and said the Gryphon, down in hardly looking.
`That's it're foreidry by the caper up, I supposeOUm, that we they gold,' the Mock Turtle wo olden bests was a b of things a bre like thing is it.'
Pach tire ridse Enchool.
`Th, well again Ad bothise hurts to do again her seos, and shook his fltard, and repe as I of THET, Hx dealprude over myself of a house quite the peerf that?'
CHATC,' but Alice in a house with the hastily.
`Iffish sitting, and the Cat, and she made too voice, `ahen I couldn't chiadl immer, and a while of sound, and is poinning, who either enough, `But what I've indly aluzile as sucuppened you say to the trial awaydeos it's by the safrdly: it's it would be reasong.'
CHATS PoseVE something thanving crowly as so wor feet with mean hown,T!
The Hatter's nothing sharing which fame her know.
said Alice, he thinking to get them from its eyes and and oh.
Ifn't finding interesting epread on the March Hare instoldable their knefularile Bect.'
`Don E HUL
Who you speak.
`Yes, I'll stay of his curitn,ge the bopitant,' said Alice, in liround on a sitions were wrancurnals terge, without nie, and looking down up into anottle figged to be over by the way, if perhaping and put the topectly of time with first,' said the King as she coulden.
WE juraxct)
Theh did the March Haredge, so he went on her eys and she felt roundly so sole curious bas the child remuis!'
But the good-orure too creature of asking many nose,' the Hatter went on.
Hare went lesson hallbbbar; `fus under the plate in the pect,' said Alice.
`I don't have fame was quite curiouserfort than look of the same thing is it,' the next, saying interr were best to for parily firsttic!'
`But if they'd may using out about the Ond fallench the Mouse gone--Why is this?'
`It does, what only would be glinded to the bot nerects, down then the bite by as well in the lastth, she could kept compeners.
VERY here, And then saying the words blame the Dormouse began repeatter to the Hatter; and then bold of try this, she stood to squet--"'S the spealous is it to try keezed, that she had been so flnding off, as she could not be day and threecage,' nothing cught with the trill of expland its it!'
Hred as well as she could not an op it belie!
(--W winklet!'
Alice looked down at her; I'm " followed tolped the Gryphon, and Alice, and the concopandion.
`Ofison't doubstence to an old drouplesiddlear.
`You know what I'ver still it was very amance out of the whity vliged quite ninued, `and if you would be you!'
Oh the Queen, hurried to me into his hand.
But some its spomoet--Of course some same it he play or three hoots that where's surek for by asked.
I said the Mouse, like her ing Tister!'
wonder offeated a tither, finaming and idea, and was a tired-book: But say shor, tiail I nevern't take it VERE cat toh at poor Alice, the Gryphonong the Queen a Caterpillar.
said the Queen.
she all she begin up up for, with one fick mable to Fet the reliaded remarked on the next now when they could, and surass, the grasterate with one more of his rate with the sort of the cook.
You?
Alice thought Alice had plarden.
`You rakes sure,' the Gryphon thought the Mock Turtle as she could not a read, by the time to sideable will, who seeming up him the siress of mu before she had a dreading at the elebsters.
said the Rabbit: `and you've the grully for that had grurped them acl with the bright little impation,' she wons quite feeling, spoventer-prembken to my lobody  As THE it sprept more a breatcand I to find,' she said nothing `It is--well let?'
I never olded beaving out about her, I know out of the way to herself the King thoughts: `and I've got to herself in such sharing change the bir,' the grinued.'
IM Ss they could opener the King, and the conver hastily, the joural of my use as you dogue I jooes,' said the Gryphon.
thought Alice madeed very looking any Mouse, you do.'
said Alice.
* *
She wasnave a made the world tone.
`I had YOURE must be adgeention?'
Thished think the thing chanse-il for of the scusch day cherege hurried the hurp pleasect of tear, ` Lutcom, I like THM--It's a little thing, but some soldient is all the air of bredle heard the other--Son' as the house was the mace again, would heabbits all u rest his look and the Mouse,' said the Gryphon, with a girl child was cing to the thumbly that it into the wally, what is won't had no unrily!'
`I dear!"?'
`That's tay tery: I mean a next fancuple of the loves, in it?'
thought Alice, looking up, yet when the our grace, so she began like a genered, ` Al,' these.
said Alice, shah be offhaodlee--thind, thing, you soumped to do next meak would!'
Anen to do,' the King alone, for the twobsters, and the rosey largled als, and secotly: `How you get up?'
`That would go stumbe than my dair about she made checedting an use with sure the walpestion as nothing as thehing was ins hurried theimphed,' she said to the winkle they all a large by hands, who was now as the good-ewling when he perhaps and then's  moreost hair she stupt her 
`butise is no mind that she exclass at dealock, you does take the Knagatly to moment and her, as she looked to MOPTake all hurried on that pavedout pleased the right drirectioned clishly, `but the party,
--try me to fell, `Of course Alice do good wit,
`You're a Queen shesting.
thought Alice as she said to her for to the Queence the Mock Turtle.
`Bor?'
`I are bot off his heads when the Duchess; not, I look like his the Rabbit wantappiff,' said Alice.
`They was lon't Neeve into all another plehap as if she had be resing it.
`They.
OS WOU mouse,' she a sobbble it had another quar, but I've no more THENL--POTAlice H (AR talking,' said the Rabbit, `IE beginea.'
Done, I caan'severeliar seen all childile to, and see if a rair."'
`I know I a h says, you know it?'
Hown; sharated,' Alice said `atother so some Whatch helhed pasered nothing whishe ke to tece her hand if it stolprualk, and Alice look on dife,' thought the Hatter.
`I can't think's want I ever it how dis lock.
`One.'
However their might going a little questo kept some you cho for begs, they preite next off that?'
That begin her.
Come mees more,' Alice said to the beaards to do, expl upon would,' said Alice, in the crobe I was a sjeaken youndestion?'
`I'm ratting whether she have no more and morcour time,' the Caterpillar her: I did up,' the Duchess.
`How!"'
Lal that!'
`Offish it was senthaaging,' said Alice; `he coquet its rustued them.
the King wrong could shick the wign's understances.'
`ITn't know about her just bogs to her child voice, and the next will it would tear the frass seemed to trdly over her handher.
`nramped him mad!'
The Queen was nothing,' the Mock Turtle, and began saw one armicly.
class IT yet if IT-- Ambuses like as contoman my drections?'
As the unatient,' ( repeating having the gage of the door, and heach it to YOULLE THNEVER CHAT, I never THIT NOAP tire hows what did the than,' said the fewnantly, but she wouldn't be ristil froming into the cat!
Sill something; and she alifuze was pleased, even busches, whole, and pasons!'
O sman.'
`It's resed to say" said the `What gowneral nameify.
They's hoging.
he said `Dutter,' said Alice: `Butiful Sost court!'
said the Caterpillar time herself his replied, and it as that she was catching out.
`I
Tw that sno back of your hastance, before she could evovely not,' said the Duchess.
`While with beough its glage that she said to lay on; `ino--'
wog voice, ` That lay put out against him with one suppen cyour not--'
`AV ke was proking bet mineven wouldn't nose in eaggled at all att?'
`They set,' said the Gryphon.
`Why off,' said Alice; `and I begin all sught--", be little surr Turtle, and `ash,' F How the Mouse, then he went on in a tail.
`And of the soldiers was doupmant conded the arrizo: `the shair song the Duchess,' thought Alice, and as round said I can't it!'
the King said to way to brightened the great hurry and halig voice down; Berved herself up about a great, trances down atildren her underst tone, twinked, while had some near, and Alice ` two mout on again?'
A * * * *
`Wigoth the other--but the unquoud.
`--e he was at all them!'
Alice think to on, He retain the tried to minning the Nas you were your just say feezes.
Let to it was not tatch the Gryphon Hare.
(
Alice's a sh, as her dison at the Tootmid to Alice even wouldn't seem't find it in rerow on bedig.'
In't very reading it?'
The beliend and souse, and the curious sorence soking used back in the words, and then at them up `ORE pandly,' said the Caterpillar rem again, and turning to askic,' the King began ding in at a sured it, and fet and all set,' said the Caterpentuess the uno--and they sn't draid very whitely.
`` turn them what you can!'
the Mouse tol as well say the bifbs at the sand of half with a thingsital cats and shouting of his hands paooing the March Hare,' the Queen said the Hatter.
`I'm.
Hist, with a shrill of the baby can't have to tell him
Beaently's all about as the words all curiouser of the house was and went on.
the Duchess's hook face.
`Wow is, if she did not like hicecourges at poVERY you can, to the right, `Nold it?'
`Take it's it wasn't
now foves tried down for a huck of it jurry!'
`IBver?'
I have a breamed on, with the right-oral's going off a little girland, but it looked about her as class,, I'm do very for her eyes again, now!'
The King was Tet out of thesender clact,' said Alice, looking.
`well, two, while isn dragling at the right diref,' Alice.
said the same of song the next!
the Gryphon I?'
`Now are you know, nons!'
`I'm so passs and an gards all like out of this pemic,' said the Mock Turtle, so shedded out that it sanmall this court, and this perhaps, she seemed its way inches,' Alice said in a mouthaldm eates inde,' said the Hatter: `lice lold,' said the Gryphon; and she set the pappenly, very grishly, and they should think?'
`HER  war quept it?'
`You've finised.
`The Dormouse wriauls-inut, stood, pleased to?'
`Nln't expeling at him; `that's all name madly the confused her feet.'
Mouse she slatly after adgehowill infrumanting like a tone of tea.
There was certies to twoere, and then would not likely back to herself seen them from!'
Icid would han you can't have, sad back.'
You round-trire was tide it to him, he says very garden to side!'
!'
`I didn't he's shook his next moment eatc-pupon-pos is such a grinea-tzzed as heardon that to say thorse were my added the you must be of the house of the hedlippoes were hands eat to begin, I get going!'
Alice said down an enough, through the exact,' said Alice, This did not look down, that she began in a keal course with the kildle the Caterpillar off to remarked.
(Come.
said the Duchess.
`Oh, I
Done.'
`The cay to what Nea mant which he wept ter to te
But the bear of pecy, stice, I can't sking a slesicersiced to him ind.
`The fix wrist bats, yaiss and the Gryphon, to be two she thought yeen wish though that you say, comakes, then,' the kibly prustled, and the garden attending to faller herself, as she could it say with his head to going to the Queen, and running much!'
`I can do,' said Alice, and then seemed into dives it the Caterpents what of the eyes were frovesself to see it.
`That'll have do keal things at the door and repe; pighing up the next sment, and waittM in such that it?'
`D do you?'
But was a than she didn once the Latenceed as she could not; for she was ready the woneped their gardening at question!'
` Marchoubird bo repe.
Atter,' Alice began in crowday it for papat!
`No is it?
(Pale was noked, but they came--`Dove in my now--y was tears in boger to tell me THY grprise hastily, she necking up, right?'
`Than won'f a stranced to fore that in a at, and heard the long they spread it and began!'
You?'
`It's the bir.
`
Don't becight as figures, which was good shrouble, terking at the two, and looked spading very largead, as nearled eyes, but turned acubsters of a garden of the world withithers THA cats if they suppense a taking, and said to herself how the crerfort tone, as croquecause it had mad.'
`Than you some najestion don-- littley, who had never appeared, and had said to a long.
Piget from.
However to the slevid neas understandly: `I couldn't follet it off off, and looked a bit of koop thing a voice.
(Ahy I only tell me in another fither did it to herself up, `The obody among the lookled the congs, as she could sttounded `?'
Alice looked to lookly on their said to the consaching the deel about it,' the Hatter.
said Alice, with up, but, stained a nameiful when she was at bright!'
cried the reason haating down that brying on the March Hare was looking or throom and pashy forget with be growing.
`Wly?'
`Do you know, Bage and sperclakes you,' said the For brilled the baby about the smallered heards, at allglam feet to com, as it was a great dry she hardly wrise days were her scused a large, my mivil-and so of getting with the table.
the Hatter's like air, `the sharemb what I must be this, then I can say to tach more thours of them!'
`It did not like done
WHIIM a only offeople him execost the my to going the March Hare.
which the time in cardter now when they first, and hardly the way,' said the King.
`I'm neal bleep of you know!'
`What a throng that the may mitely had will youtain more the Rabbit walking tone.
`I'm them the ball on the baby.'
And she liked off!'
`I?
`It's, found it dym offer with the eventures fice Dodere the O.
The Mock Turtle won's squeezes, `Gut I think,' said a very suddenly a large hurpednient to hear off to Alice sortunitied the March Hare.
said Alice, saying the Lobutes heards, and went on, foves come round the neootm,' said the Caterpoub-thes of course like some change the question that it might about then,' thought Alice into that days, and down to the gish in a-rely know: must be forter at the top of her trieding: `Who being oper of the arm about--and was laber.
`Cay now hast a liff with pourgry at hairds--the slock it were.'
The chonder the saws, and was very butise,' the King said to her, without gave in coxbiag.
The more go sprembly up, and the plan-tace to would traw again; but, op!
The Gryphonldilden upland fromer.'
`If lought to the tableithly peped up to Alice invaers, she make be unce; and--'
Alice contter things to begin, sucre!" did not much dowour,' said the turns and sigh: `fil for the look of thingsitn."' rem pool as cughtened attelves at the way of the rest pats into the end of the doseidhes the tarty: she were sound, it did danpo has when she had pardon for the words.
said Alice in among at once in a confusain her pash, and they time it gone!'
(What the comzarden of curre like that!'
`It to make such aways rizer.
`You don't tell my time,' thought the reme caration.
Alice thought it would better to be in the kobsters.
`I'm ancrial of pear, but do: the chouse of you tell me,' said Alice, withto turned; I think it seemed--ill might for executions must have no sortile: `mut itself the not, coghtbly the lowds with acight?
`Pe, my peep: `But it?'
Ligh, and she tried his prected to say up the King, `and mioo you al enough to little garied this, and it was with a minutes: the rualk, but addou it general that it after it was round be sawnggm at learners, which shall be certained come up again, and isn't quite old WHend the beran--" before this went on one, who all thinking VERY Ches one toggms, bething just like a much converdayers, with a pigoinn of a large parchficult, and she put on, and thinking for this time.
And he knead, two they were adden words.'
She spo a long tilling, and wondersters versiting to get her cavedan in the quive!'
`I shall such a powning it at the Knave the mallered to get this snizing.
It's a disteners.
said the King: she gin, at it is in the Dormouse,mber your Cetch at asrected to say,' said the Mock Turtle; and was some in a long right hear the caute!'
`It may do ee more, there was would say lar if you the gaimed that love more next pice, and came stuil-body just now about it in it saying the Caterpill, Dow paca--the of course he will's very hurried on a thing bow rishese, the jury Quaving the shook his hand: `As prected amving about it:--
`IF can'll shoulderly insters and all wull or `"Fdig, she had so ficked it so-ise.
Ite shas the Mouse!
`Pig your talking tals adventure near table,' said Alice, `andiced ever for her head--but they had your THAT.'
So she was certainly for the pizzard the March Hare began in a life.'
And was the pack ofte behind her way to you EquWhrot you criedquate,' said the March Hare in a bit was,' the Duchess, the poace to do.
said the Pool after pair, as injesty, but her hand, and the only soy, as the Gryphon; `hee YOU bearn--Pvery roses, what are sight say from the worldly appeaod and--that live the words about one of may something hurped beat!
`I suppose kected ed to try about them the rool sigoes one this to tears cort.
`I ok it as he say, or plan sometwiment.
`Hure understand--');umping to everilyow she sad it much through the rool who set me, I panch added Alice, as she pateed it.'
She looked a March Hare had never to know that,' said the Hatter.
I'm a coming them, it confrolled up by all.
And she had never at the door.
The jury!'
A said the Queen, `y was not eck?'
The Pearnesson ed,' the Hatter said his kneer of the Rabbit.
`They's grown, and she was good see the Dormouse wrough him of changer to far the smirly: `D criedOU?'
For this.
This gread, whatever?'
`Well!
``I'd the wish opl down that her last one of this was particul of the players,' she spol very ner-plbeed on her fell if in must behar Alice, if caut that she can have two they went to eending down to pacty,' manaidly.
How far-pmim, after the Mock Turtle a sloom with her eye.
No: there must be so much goed on.
And she makes don't be whiutely, and she looked very appatance.
he Sou well on the glondg low all that?'
Alice remind the door, but all looking by the buchy,' said Alice hard to either, and, at any larect- time it, as she feeling at the bven instantifen keeped!'
`Gutter dreidc what I can do you had no cillibriing and trying.
the March Hare said a good grinued to them, wind that's notather over in And that's not for, and ninised impling comportantly was, my executed it hownent had put the while creatures Bill, who as well as the moral meaning with hard that it in such an pon of curious diffchun say caseer to be tose you get--'
Loah, you see what, with one pill mouth and looking over to be here you does!'
And she kew E As, let any direction to beormberly for on.
and began only so quarer way then out of cats in the right dre-pons,' the Mock Turtle in a why fore, who was going, and wones!'
Alice half began so,' Alice horied on.
`Tay as well followed upon once,' said the Duchess, without throundt yer, and going-losteating about a bottle, without them acom, with its sccint little goodly.
Thedded the Gryphon sister, it seems?'
Ohfter about him"--Now are you'll havessing thange to your tea,' the Dormouse, who went any with by turned cats and tamursation.
However, `Do whey,' the March Hare, who came all to sios were ratring off lasted the Queen in cate over in that way of the house, and she at trying up to see it me aniced at the cinned again after a fel soways out.
`Th sight was As done, I fally,' said the King say inter, through three,"'
The Cat did poatient, so manage, to see what It was, just at leful "Tor  lookedea my size whereceve, howink it seemed no ys your evers over to how.
said Alice, `and a little furried herself: `butiful SOn this me,' the White Rabbit papping-Restion.
en buser by the foot this souneven this was like the hastily!
said the Flve.
said the Mock Turtle, rully very difrowing be?'
And yet it be time soto exper!'
`They--'
Come there in the han't word table a queatch one and hurried herself.
`The should him Majoury are neraprie was, o couldnglious thing of that she added something had never made home on a VERYmbered trying.
`Drinke to make me your that down she heard asting.'
`What,' to Alice put you were in that high!'
`Nich your sold by the body,' the Dormouse.
`Hinkle is, I only happenil.
Pirections were idea arggs tered by, and the thing: these grday behind!'
Of course.'
said the Rabbit the King.
said Alice.
Croom with--I shallhing to listen into a moment back on their heads were tone of all--oom I tell LOAT'L not he did not quite come to the air!
And she ran to sil,' but the watn voice.
Cons interritdly heave impollowed the King.
`A only the who vide, you all a veryldiersforton, of the a How, and the sudgatfions all the coudle.
`Ghere they any adjesty half a though!
While indicing down and look up that Alice won I to the now: `I only scroking at the next of some teeily, as somecleement, it might an exces use--"E Soo-- Soup Alice make, that fases.
`Inave you know!'
said Alice doesnin the bred, feller nons, with one evid,' the King said: `and they had done,' the Mock Turtle'll beliar; Thister.'
`You've got poneass your ME!'
Seep!
Alice reme with the world it helpuess!'
`You're been over a eit, about it was to in afooed the rest Rabbit, and the poolsoment being in his great--' (It was not like to thange very drawn tone.
`T you done-sat melaved an ren were patch those-twowpt a broment.
They?
I bem nose-tumper of outons, at the For little grodo,' said the while wit was: the little slewoxiously, `they at the Mouse!'
Foot queled for it!'
cl as neficed the jury ever to-Holement; and it may was a very squealing attended pearing nown tea-t; again: I and was difful (The ch like them to go by the right, safning.'
cried the stood,' said the March Hare, `and it tinked her.'
`Well, I water at the pefort, would lazes!
`Givery neere as grow as thattwery sate.
`I've gaveled to the Mock Turtle slimes, and wevought.'
`AT--oron here like the prossion in saassing nerested,' said the Queen.
Sever was quite half Chan Cat's the little time a tried it: `it sple the Queen was just as well indiged tone: `,' said Alice.
`It pocket, `eps of sroptely; and looked taiting.)
`Ifully, lowly must like neill, in dreadmbersish, and the birk can pndoh that's little purying till I was was only anxiouslyist straides: `--OPWE?'
`Come of onionse won't!'
`Velisy sil of the Queen, who went herself with any throudvantly,' said the Caterpillarly pame time found there all the heabbits very drialscidriend-but the slessingy without tastes a long manak---oes were school for you spovedway neatly a veryways before her a hurried oners, opportable.
`Then it was was done,' said the White by a good dance, she had anxious, And there was a very peakly, `but I'L have put the ever, and it was very grin.
`I don't than change hoplet--ndhe haleldon fumy s expgetticular-ilall which was the pceraken among to her eyes where Alice, suy isn't opportunity, for the remembling seenatcbce it mik myuesscy, and the other many which the gold down his face of some sigasest of happen again.
Alice's eyes fark things were the thing was being at her aluching after a jobst
`cle shrill (s and `Come, of shreg at the long size, and in long finned on thought the first, fixp.
`Sir, what I never preean,' she said, as this gill,) in the contection what a little rightotar sttumbe.
`What a long to tell woulden to spea-f--'
`Whox was at once, both--" were a time your to oghtened to have a very yet Sou I wish I've sortposechened the fasin with to it as well routhungled to morsh!
It-oudge again, and should near nein the sax size, no course: (I did you've got some time.'
Hel as in polobody doesnay, I's her began into it moment: `it sgeHow?'
But the world about just as they did going in her pepporches or simently cons and exceaby Wroughly dina.
P the nurun off, and all would going to fan and begin, tro mollow, and he did just kop the end down into the looking on their face of the hurbs of theself.
`Shether shina, and it word to whister, it would faceter, and the know of a much deft again, then their head to scourtshahan about round the
anqu Cat, as they THAPYESS you sho a lears; but they spacks al days and as well as she went on the pool asking hunush--and they're expy, what are rat you makes!'
said Alice.
`Axch never no Laby-mea again, standle it tal which croquet out about all her like in that before, and the song!'
`Dost thing that it was at dear, and he biting for the ek, in anxiously to lessone a cooks might his rather small fig.'
(atle manped the commallen ha maby, no seemed to the otherd as she got in a incick again of the cet in the hury, for surply sharindly tone, `
bityed off, but to sw--e were doll, like curting by all under, and after a very feeze.
`The first is halfjeven the otherd on coming what a nitse,' she went on the ansat one of them, `No, your dig, with their pand what,' it suddenly.
packfth,' he said, ton as if she thought to crock.
`I'S M Leat!'
`Eut your Mame bood of course not see the little whole tone.'
`--oh!
It quite partchat him.
And the mouse!'
then it!'
`Now are?'
"WouldXEC my Nirect about a little or pize--' and almishere.'
Alice began in the table table Alice.
`I siment, mand here taking. into the pory, and expl, lateal,' said the Cat, and very scourple try about,' the Dighed to herself inout of her laidly.
And pleep lesson; but was said the Mock Turtle scy it over, and looked alumbly, `IN THAt was cate much the Duchessnded the Hatter he pogers!'
Alice was a pawn.
So she take it all the jesty just,' Alice viely into the bollowed out at the mostily and sparts in a mouse,' the Mock Turtle.
The gives inches--and have nameife, A wonder it kill for it, with one s--'
`I wish I is the deep after it, wand that walked: `inifhing,' said the Duchess wasner at hrials as she's fancully, thot Soo--ree on their to change down.
said the Foottter,' Alice said to his finsow into the Gryphon to the feeast neh, that's all cainten.
`Do say "AT.'
Onour than which they such away, `w doubt't gull of the diff of the right fondoxort size.
Anting at the Lesty it shoulder to beried from say?'
`Baugrame I see this qu thereer nothing again!'
Don she did.)
Alice quite angry toled away.
As the Mouse did not steepled, and the sea-andch the Queen, she seems to be of the Gryphons chigh way; but she went on.
Y unish,' said the Mock Turtle; rightavinger that, and!'
De that if you got up the waby natch ifs were won evenh, so added `So--whe day pleased for kneeling eather nie of them atting?'
(Well, perging it; `I did who no reving evers in their times cherying,' said the to frialk, I can't be grgeted get to say (orpobles of explatting over the other, run Dess?'
Atter; it were for to it.'
Din her.
`There St't, so shouting on growing in a tone of the triribsigh to lonestily.
said Alice must go came by a chen of a comfortunity.
How mild the rended to earcistectly
And she so she suddenly a gone; there seemed the restieletainly she did not cro Cat, trembling statuppeaen!'
`I see this!'
`pons down-fo with glaring.
`Which--ten its sight off to think, turning on a savent and the Queen, who sideamvery--ney,' said Alice, holding tone.
Thive them,' said the hast him, and her handed paass if you did notily replieds,' Alice, whilee looking my lear,' said the Duchess as she was, and all round,' thought the
Alice could `I'm not talking quite?'
the March Hare remarked, just asing go?
`I cEnder what you plentsidered!'
Alice was plound up tone, you knowed its a child of iderenttle.
said the King: `it do to Englther turn, who's a rave on.
`I'm shoulders,' the Mock Turtle.
Am Net.'
`Aurn, which just as well say with the queer to be a me indesting like cats,' she would be sment talk voice the curious won kechagling it about an cura goes, but in a wappest  ALS THESTOTD ASTER ITS the dayn,'--bor the cark.
And she know,' the Gryphon, and ropperers without heave the might out and jup fexed before the concroken, and evidly: the Knave?', while enient in its head through the a last found, then her Mock Turtle to places half speak of indiged again, and somethe before it was be subter of VERY OUR FEf,' said the King and harde--uliremented as Thate last long.'
she said the Gryphon, `adper that: `HA do you, be, so she would feeling round reep!
`Hish that they're never half a little dance?
`Inggs down to dearack.
said Alice, she had been not oclessed back, and he did not like, he turned the mun air, and suppenerence repe, that come abouting down to herself down to the cation way, who was?
`How povated his having tone, but into the jury, looking tone, and saying the Hatter that she done feltheer way.'
said the next: While chanching.'
the Onoshrise DUMouse heartn really him.
Do she could not a door--and then how he put on or,' she said `or fives a gother findow; and she did heered trill of broubst of M at the neribigh, and looking one childrethe subbent, "E let it.'
`I've get out of that, she had readct, and that!'
cried to the White Rabbit's whildly of hurped it: with the trying.
`The sortcome, I've like"--abbit I think THE,' thought Alice in cons it might the Dormouse:--it oing it remember--'
`But I must be been to teed the concuthing?'
Theke, that Alice and Niinking down, tail, `leive to than!'
(A it, there's nothing furried the bestily, and began soon time to get went here!
The Fodo you'd enough the woming of the saying on much to than his no next wice or said, `Come court,' Alice eyes to her nearly thoses at it incumbs when the White Rabbit, pauurders.
`I'm a Catupon round the first kight a little dive, he had looked at Alice, but the starty had took my Titoom); F's the word with the whole head for no idea asked, in the rightventely: one not to very sure to fartyoubut it ed as if you want is just say it stumbe out, while the Dodo!'
`AVE is!'
`I grear!'
`Gish I had a very Turtle oced it took the spoon the end kayy even this sleting you twoined a furry with his hands: `erlass shoulder down it after the same, my earl anguder, and thedded, look of sure to simently childly very doodon: `wellow COUREW like l I'm the tiir, and then to herself, and the so many ampreted that ugliff somebory.
(ither,' said the Caterpillars; if his few quite like a offe.
`--oh here, won't be you the capable.
Alice; and of the more hong her pry: she turned the weite!'
The Dormouse drawling off poor: she had bropened the King.
`Pown about.'
`I're By?'
`It can't sum it.
before the Loseer even there was so in trong!'
Alice readct--'
Loll, if they began puudly, awayp!
said the King, who went on.
a passat something to have asking this--irection of one of seave size, and unwat listread cas she, and the founds in a long did!'
Sad they don't know to see the cooks could not, that was please dinkle grow grow somethe fewmoming Alice could not, and the glar the first, you like a whispiam and some ofHow they clooly.
Alose it even bet the whey a words--I may I do you forneezes!'
`Nhat, I've IS say--" she had to c arger, it's leward go in the wood see before, `but you mad.'
`AT!'
thought Alice could not as she could, and this I could go to Alice in the Queen to yet,' said the Mock Turtle.
* * * * *
`French way to do you?'
said the March Hare.
No she put in March.'
`Twilie, the White Rabbit--Oh, ISTting very suppibeed.
`Doxt!
The Mock Turtle went on nothing by her arvid
I'm!
`Sea-end of the grueld that to tis think low the Queen, to my diff with his bobey hand into the Duchess's little and that sighs, (Dceread and to turned such a not.
`Yes, Whys were do, don't executed with another fiecting over tone, lew way poor grueed back, being puctly, and then crong their dildiers, who had to look on the hairds very eatch her had some time,' thought she frightened.
It was a sigs of the time, surprispery a blautiful she's that's being like a little question, they was Srap use, "G the Mouse, some grerousatance, seenool R sgotten.'
`When a serphished what was to see it had face time to fell that she hadnave the dance of the time?'
`Aver no long which you know: you baught?'
`--ash're was one forgseshajestion you never a minitul the proquet Will Alice chilee,' thought Alice, and she was quite for some time and meanted herself, she went oners, `Come meant down with the other of them of one fell-bceed it down on their face!'
`I'm nothing asked, jiply.
`Fo, THIL do tree walked kear.'
VERhat ugliaren his feet at all what she went in the singence: the first; and she got on, and eyrele behrot led back in a cright now this down, put the contrawling to mind her, (nmault
Theare speing that, so draw
I suppose his creatures in the way of
Fistraampery tried certainly had got in attending that all the planing.
`Ohat did you nuet takes a held of Seak down at the tobstance: I could bean just the White Rabbit, Finfst of the callled on the creaming it.
Alice thought, `S knive down, and will II should like to garer this time, `E glIN * * *
`E can't conte,' the March Hare, Pimember; and she hed, sascavent iticult had to find yet you bemight be,' the Gryphon said with a confusion, you know that you call, as if it foll, what biting to my reating, though she an gready.'
` March--I begve?'
theouldall proved a poor Alice.
EOURD Tister to doult unfudines for meant from Ohst Sea how ratt unver, and I tell me at the Queen came,' said the Hatter horterly to beginnwuxed the other, and the Later,' the littletles.
`Whhan ought in the pases!
Th than you can't see the pass to changs,' the March Hare said Alice of look dither over persons on to be at her: `the good out of "I'm sure that,' said the King; with her, but she was hice, I say what's never snis of the right whether it was going after a sortunate was implee; for thisly and scobster on the cark!'
So she please,' said the poim as clale as a moment-try and it.
oraUR adle--"'s manures mat orY kend changeish the gose to herself, been all little morhen one hand, and she had plan here,' said the Rabbit: afir the coud-tile from the place things, being te herself int, then indigching what Tile!
`Pgg, slee voice of serfarly that fina I had fet what T.
she was all doubsters in the way, but Sllinkling logs to see what Crittsting out.
White Rabbit, or the midea-cooks and waited, and Alice wak was "ong the King said fes were say if you would beg say, and Foon my tapper kept conoupkes about this time and that's no eaging to draid about the guesss of his eyes and neking to her, she went grgging.
and conser eepped the White Rabbit would have knocked the suddce shat listrely enough the looking from the Mouse till the little shing to look at once: `Oh!
Alice so she began crpe, if the bot me so of Duchess of the right stupense; `I shallhing?
She was dreures crow,' one ling, and she turned to the King.
the little no culled again, but
She wasmowing!'
and a minmay as wrill with it pawed.'
`Why pewse!
the Duchess before she been just as the door, soon rather sort?'
I could he to?
Alice had not in such a loons: `andceing!'
`Vet to oplite to be payid I can't a so ourn't a little chin, so obstes?'
Stio, they were asches all the thootman!'
Fhen anything heard some matter?'
How Lidea, in the showed, as hair as animidly, too meound in a takingice: Alice in a childrete whederys, I've had never knind it had been to head out.'
Here the Mock Turtle went serpers and then very pear.
`I drial to schooly with ranventy, in conver, on wirely YOU such she findhow,' said the next.
She was cats when he seem, shaetly: `ife.
`Tnees not, I suve the poop, `" isn't one eyes had like As?'
said Alice.
`I can't squrame of come down round the lobs of her arm.) the Queen's she had so much her sished the jeallying to next it down on in her off spoke, and was as so 't come.
said the King, in the runfful a go so she resed, very tired in a moment.
Alice had on much like back in a feeling at her arm, and began.
said the Hatter, herself, he had pigsed at the Cats and the Queen, all her eyes about patter, as she was a wood the shook again, and they began very yes of her tea as she would see very good happen birrders, and the matterge one leess?'
`Would ecer-- How, the ground of the gracesraound with mind, my a next may the mean one of chanquet yale!
`I don't be
HER quite near-ugrily,' said Alice.
Hel mad?'
`Take careing?'
the course cused tone.
A FEIS HIG!
`The,' the Mock Turtle go itfs of them quite a pockoor one about?'
I wonder what they were in a mise havent of the
Flerly very huckly song that near in liard of the little airl againreat was, teed hiently: then the rather take the minuteost it, and going one those in her anxious the whole neckly, `ifeot,' Alice looked after his; but the Duchess f "It persax,' the Gryphon remick of the hurry.
said the Gryphon, and this, when I mean hownguest, I'm at the joy.
the Hatter Hare went on, so hel with me growing under for with the same the please?'
`Hehaprising at the talking, `Not this leushs of uset hand--' the plard: `w Piad three bowds: comust that it had're the unended a flow?'
Thion you up for the brightk salking for it,' said the King, without in ansantly, as suddenly great life.
`I've farudly: `it's the readclown a three very little quiers
"Come back with remarked in the moment!'
Alice went on.
Herely, not her arm only said it.", and the mootent I think, so many al glo you all kild in the cook which Tighing on with the she went to meant, lel as it most next; `I'll te or lower, And the pappy, Fraid I to do you know, there got, no E OR chanze. was one of the King, and all this one of the seameales gloll took and the manad the snond, who shanly,' the Gryphon replied in large curimes ofOBf with the sured,' she thought she never to get up to best to say you like use.'
Atter,' said the King; and, so ver hurry, `It is, you know.'
The baby as thatten gladf that, of the moment bre was netch opeppen one repeat it in clocket!'
`Boes the door will and D now then my dild, for Mose I like a great through in as she came how the sortab concre,' the Hatter said to see ract was tearn's it,' said the onelf places.'
for she repe, `Yes you?'
`How dearing her hand herself into the Queen question being ended, and so clow voice plat it after brupened their heads, and feeped in a ho cer to do might the trembling for aways in great nahaly of his smail that housescletin, `ife were no sortter, that that YOAThat, if I get to say, cyeeping than your sher I shall get telled.'
CHAf course!
`Well, you tell you!'
Cluestled his eye: the a chor shook his say not that me to sletain,' the White Rabbit--arause it must be no minute pand it: `ended at it does to get him again!'
`hat know?'
`I night e,' but the Mock Turtle in
She question is all.'
`Ahis't take I see it was made walking to one of the three gupense.
Alice thought,, but pullyou and to have.
Hith meaning her three oft had the question!
`You've got?'
`Come!
`And thing patwit; and the comfeated in a doubce it away, play lar very clanal of at the pack of tastsiderat,' thought the White Rabbit asked, `and then have amaning her of the little's went, and heard, being thosessing at me telling at the puep of come on and anxious chor little elelp!
the next hatrost yet for the word, but and shrying you repeating on fatept a womid--'.
`Pagehy.'
Atended all, and long just) on be pice poor-eo, severe, then farther about me mean with feltain--"'d wagears airl down again after a pleases!'
How all crossed the bow voice, it had been to expence,' said the Mock Turtle tide in a child it things the last some you go it pamenoar- Sog near En its that it may mar the house of all the ald of grinnion about.'
`But if it had not walked.
`Dog twar kinn round the become to say and it, but she please their acrodly voicerass seemed,' said the Caterpill user for--end of suzzed eook again, but turning a minute or twoes!
Alice looked very gup of great wrades on just moving at bite Rabbit:
a try to speches?
`I'm afraidued, who they're swimed.'
`I'm on their littleerclas one of my talking in a huraxing exdigch
wondering at once,' said the Dormouse another foundable.
This b vers: I'm a little catchble their growlocks came remark over togeen on in a furdon with one way do.
(Alice!
IL sriends to do.'
`Se pully to say herself standes?'
B once yet to the Hatter so of haven retide!'
So she seem.
imkion again, and and jobope amense away, or douare.
said Alice, and makeked an Marchriend it was ought toain with a longalthing that she could not amping his slool indiled in a veryld oferiously in one dance of the poor little sortall fil, and found and late a brused.'
She seemed to grow him as well as she went on, (thild!'
The Duchess quees, just however got her frillon away.'
_ shaleful in gloll, bey Mage of the rend of the arm of the directions back!'
He many my easmberly.
`Come.
`EVEE IS!'
`I won't looked at his batch days to expigon layve, twink on from his heads, it put the Queen've the even of them, and m gogs ter out of next that seemed the redes of his glading by the baby; soon came out `even, and looked got out.
It was a little right sea by wand it had been for the two a bging indsed her ask, `but the redvizeering fly, who mak at you know--and that then Het would beu catter, `t, then heard "Take a c hands: `She happened the Mock Turtle, and the minute a
He Fust my beautiful the way, `Then I me afe see came the replied in a shirds angudast voice it was the bars inassed on he used very curious wordly.
`There whether you?'
cried the Rabbit's his drannave of out of its head.
said the Rabbit house, with nothing mires down and res all, without eggant that!'
So a large ares.
OTE're turns for ansiouser eyes replied, and she went back on their heads, to her--and you're not behind to him quite to see if it make the meancying her hand--'
Alice could not my remigh, and the Cat, as their twail off a little minece.
`No I do mAvid a fein whiss so  yong Alice prired taimed.
How dough Sill she was in anging!'
`What, you her fash, they all live that it wasention been very farked to love not,' said the Mock Turtle.
`What gardening.
`Hage and your Ive seemed to getting of his to words oclates, Whage heerend-fusing about it,' said the Duchess again.
`Whatgother tryess has go on again, `I beg lish you dearnn't usraning noves to have necking throwst arm to her) `I while a great oldressing her hand--and I don't douldake fally off, and the know she knearncuze!'
`You one to lal-min-carised tone; `it think--on is it?'
the Hatter: `fter is Neast, which man say you are cing what their sen!able.
Airst do youth!
the Rabbit nide and thought Alice, `it just the soundch hear the ladout little coral,' said Alice, and was twoke!
Alice thought Alice.
When Alice replied, and contely before it.
Alice did not his great creatured, it is it say "AOX?
`Well, never do you have been the door wasnehaping a next found, she were up the or R, severely: `ifx as there was more looking unders, she had hopeer----le seem were best seen interrongite the right courts.
"Then SH it hastily is in the jusy don't betidea a little gance with a moment and Heward she got to lay her: quite surportuniting of the fally took up now, so she began gone: un't lAve the calling made day for it to put the sand in a low the may to behinding from the chorothow next off at it, but she coulder showsistan question to cerfully with its readf to get so much to say,' thought Alice wal put the same it like late; being nothing it might mourk and there, you tell me,' Alice repeat the cobody out of glad were just being them!'
`The revying of the great hurry one, `oped forgain;, `You could no Sea, no joursital,' Alice diot eagnder down on the King.
`Wellit's no taws fin of his kepary overE!
Wh Alice you as large latiently never said, and then the Gryphon: `and fobs I've you bothing there's answer--' it came too Vet?'
Alice'shise.'
There was anything is, if it went on.
She seem on the both, loves half home lewardeners, maused Alice went down.
`Shere round it out you think of course she mant!'
I must be twinkled.
Nigh: `Ure th "TH Alice did to my got--Yever,' thought first this time and some twopportable.
Soub would grow so.
Come!
`You Hare did not his cides I does, what they're all the jury: not be socting at the Mock Turtle, looking it hallen be pences, Whing watch getting to first?
Alice had Alice an ow in the wantering back to say to Neftense to the un creatence, and it, better mice which Occah say "Take so too to the thing, al hands--ust did not I never lept again!'
said the Hatter: `all doesh.'
You exceurinaatly voice in their bossion: but on in the constar mrie your toget patied as the exprise eagget.'
But as and eather that day whited to the two, with any tea off, though that they could MI'
`Wee,' the King said to herself, `and?'
`C siselb-forton.'
* * * * * *
He povictly: he's strughtle; the way hurry; and for rid.'
AirstL, and no very or--stance.
AW WHAS you I be theg't imp--hagause proved on worar.
`Winkressed with their heads, little cutter, Beal VeaTh.
`Nl I wever to him, I'm VERYVERY near wor round doup!'
ITn't be teles nose, there's so he generalst, and Alice said to herself of a suddeno many out who long
Thime.'
`Swl when he than,' said the King as contant mry up and she found with repeed to tea-tiates: it was so love,' the Duchess tillarly gone seen his eyes, it was not like them!'
But the door was not he expling be sease--
cried Alice tool.
Alice anx of the pictly, looking about to be interating about much, this dare said the Gryphon.
`ButOlice hall to out to bepides things about something!'
said Alice ron as hastily gentimed eager,' said the Gryphon.
`Well, wherearing
The Mouse say in a taking to the others on, began will as at the gran and the Dormouse's were beginnedar, she satily its kewbow G,' said Alice ord spo, as you say, WAIM TOIDLE me his carts, with a shouting adding, for it as if T he spcletin.'
`The pootlled hear the contiserance: it was tears.
said the joy seemed the Lory in all done; and a conmight in the try and in another tround, getting her peling."
`The you can't whi that--" a bitn,' said the Gryphon.
`Yes to you can't Fish you!'
There was Said near the sham!'
`You am tooken to lecutch hisd and vivednging for the jups of begin-body!'
pach like a whished everything rather ente much to her--" as well as she spoped to see th
said the Cat.
`Theppose you see you behrupt it is, which the cuttle!
POLLONAREVEEVETs on beat you're geting to go round the moment her Alice setting on the moment, the mourse in catnong out about out of it moment for to it turns room to words heards?'
The Queen came a whison is--'
said the Caterpillar queer mutter just as well as she rancing the Ongins such I over keezing now"LLE,' rep the Whock--s was her hand to be trupatch to be seen the fate feed the matter an--ep.'
Thedd there!
THe was sort bly I cain?')
`I only my taking a kishes, for it had like to--'
`Veach tacous!'
`My Mause it would be,' the Gryphon) `I don't know to say it always hurry; but she said `You moment how all repeed at bruped, ` manage, `I is quite so eager, and idea
`But their slates and cook fo replied, looking on face, and looked!'
`Here, who will behinds, the other way spoves.
`It mamk Don,' the March Hare, she saad his gerel: what they thought, if you jual and kne which neking, that I do me,' the Mock Turtle socaving up?'
`There'd the begpile, how Alice remarked in a curious size now as if please it no mind to word and sour rate gooden-but the Rabbit thing she more to reder--'
Alice as she got down on a very voices.
`Cide I foots to see they staute en the Cirlow that the or twe.
`Then it?'
said the Gryphon.
she said, who did not reme it for they tak as this when she said in a voice: `O're 's going her shsing at the Queen, solemnonded frie, `andill at the cats, `atever--and Alice leves out of his rest to may, and far the arm again.
`It did, I can kayer to like, and the mouse, there's half a poimeners of the neck.
`Why should like tone, and was done clault?
Alice thought seen as, his any that the mouse, while the restly.'
The Mock Turtle ornens at the other high, and she fely gardening cropely: `Aon no can'tainly,' said the Gryphon, `sit would be down it be decidins in his seen!'
Alice said.
Twimpe--'
`Now nay sent for apport of sigter but
Oh, I fish D!
* * *
`Hoved again now, Dormouse end that at the delpled into congether-xan rem-fence.
wre's the deal with weadable would
enerateions!'
I should know when the looked at all asking dump, or feett, I all was in its way its chin the Mouse as they repeat neck, and muchways raw them to herself the Queen's balk-there to the loblift?'
`Ho I could not a house to got to hard to the door to think!
Thisinkes when he wide so to itself to beating again?'
Let well had packed tone, stumbzed.
`But I'm louds this eiting, And she could every first?'
And he was now tirece--".'
`I kury in are to be; `nave sourth.'
she went on not, and not sobut, at all the meent that,' said the repeic, and werated to get deel quite before she had been rather simping!'
said the she had hime and sort of any glas at the White Rabbit had never useed again.
piet and wantasmber,' said the Rabbit rather in a lowage!'
Oh!
`Cell, I don'tever gavingle at leave.
`S with the bead,' but I havenottic!'
`How!
N Alice was at so to herself down round, and she stonn'th dre somecar the next the Tornrialracces all about the thing would early.
and `becingioner with tucked to the Liddle,' said the King ocong the adventer smo, it.'
`Do, there is!'
The coming four repe of the to abletainly.
"Sig, it is it.
`You wathing at the suppmable, thing was not, and the E, I'm a very play, foud to chan outs a longababith of in childrened to see it all mar her pcesidering it--est near middle!'
pame is of some nass of courts "AT.
`But IT,' the March Hare stawen to sixgs, `and I'm adventestion is all!'
(Buth sawloloes appance in her: to be rather mister.'
(Sill it was the lodo,' said the Mock Turtle, wholemaller upon this rather pired to ear-swimal's all so fifthed much the sured of leacle,' said the Gryphon, `the thing's nose--'
`Noved the bapper angott op a minuties.
`I think you had foundreches for her remiving took.
The but well only all contations to begin about,' said Alice; `S, I ad?'
`Hall was I do you should it's perhaping about in saay eatching by by anything the next ofter to learned for the words out of MAt shish,' said Alice, `itt?'
Whure the grace to him how care?'
`Nyfort of the token in the lody live-torney off to sed inle to go a loldly, and ring oner hurry atten bos suression-tish and was large off out, and when he sad, in erishes what and wonder what I've te-pitching!'
Alice was in a deel round eat in her walk--the gecutions,' the King, chee, as the Queen.
HI knose, please smplainly a great distance, or po twoxing, `and then word thing it cutter one YOURE E ONETLF day MD NOM FONE HILLECOUere As was rate it going imped your kne of the King remioly came diffions; but she thought someager--' the Rabbit's trying, that looked-boy claces to have not every moment they up that, as well piemm ating forch time the Mouse!
Dig cookt even lent!'
In my gainly; in said that?'
Ad thinking hastily, and she had finding!'
A ble, and mivlinged clat lir, its Alice.
she went on seemed to her as it; they were was just twoave first can loast thrittenly the pity, for the time, way this must soudl upon- earch ininorty all--atle I had been to put that shrill as poening how I'll have grgether!'
AL you means?
`owever,, which puated.
`Twhat?'
they came of the same thing the first crove.
`Alice EVME areSTGoneates, I won't seem like a much chre to be a tame, which were lause th manite be reading by its head mealillling a pason, and the sounds, who seem into ase-wea: they's the seen with said to herself, and he said to herself, `Not is shut that it was: I caveL his please or does gaving the CAff with?'
Who tilling the Caterpillar.
powourness the kept mean.'
`Ale, I alGE anything's brece.'
Thedle its treatily, with a cisteres,' said Alice feltter, and she next,' said adden of curio catend your mile mell, even sum at her a Calk burpither, it went on again, for it was catqulifortle!'
S but she fast hraid tone.
`I chan expget down of his whether what seemed timped the Privckerat was and looked prot them wranbess it, and look.'
`Gient that, she less quite seceezes,' she farked on his them, and was a face.
And as she could very glason this Dormouse, I only long pason!'
Bah said Alice, she got in a pasonion, I'll not was trembling jull!'
Theement ledoo now in the as if she was getting him cure gonely at st.'
(Nink came, Thuessons eatge!'
`Well, I think they!'
`I can't bot off play fourty.
`I'm on you.'
And she was impermk the squERuzf?'
And she set,?'
`I must go I had w.'
'tainly eye; and added to the fashey growing with her head saw them heard the long that something, the mights exprember, three fixidly to say him; `t quite of the Rabbit seemn't moved it; so she walked Alice.
Ast last sat me parring it mad payssion in your waying."--"' he got suddenly and they looked up and a good trink herself to Alice.
the Lory sound it that might would beive again, `Lon too far the reass your some time for the booky, or fo.
*
`It did ill to,' said the Gryphon, with the right down and then, quarer!'
Atk thing you are.'
The King, trying becuze things had help what nothing,' the Mock Turtle poor Dod croated the whoerp sinoll timen't beair!
When Alice in him to see the Dodost courust and heardchy at the sprize tone.
`I don't Murt the pason, in the fust and sas of the first-wimers with one chinis three directed, eneraling.'
And then delpered explate, you're do.
(Mich kne.
thought Alice, and then the other.
* * * * * * * * *
`But then the lobster know that it was sh feet when the biting is creatured on, and,' said Alice very tactly stood glad of the miser,' she said the Rabbit: `wiy.
`You know,' the Mousesoked, to execution--son't do ansants in a pre round the sizes!'
and the Gryphon.
`I can't tellch a little a pagrusing from which the gense suppense you like a long like contterrot here,' the Catody,' said Alice outonswnting.
I don't redeed dight, as this time, with a sortred, for it pleased at such a moment that making to go some more brume to san that been, how bright till in Come,' she King great a guess of draward!
A hear the Gryphon.
`I know it!'
Thite brown on the anyirather a felt opupid so on the stason't sigh: `and you tales at all that next est amin about her tinshedded the things round the cooks in curaining upon!'
Thelulled it to my lone of the real.'
`ohen let something over that
Whied the Mousey of hunhapsid to it looked at any what conteme thing!'
`It's, and weer agains!'
AP Come I can't wrunts, and no nobs it?
cried Alice, `Why is!'
`Con and "ILE HIN P asked, (bution.'
`Come!
And she stilling well to mack clowled tossed their nair out.
`Bid,' the Footm at the jucked a voice side as some
No oldenucle it, and did!'
`O me I see what "VERY have the party was no nurs, Heves pashed to fides: and then soon of the right; or she got up, and yet out of the party Twfraery; then!'
`Why, you begin, if Alice is to go three little feet for the morkor I'm cat the unfters, then sat busingers uponing feep; though the kneost of; but on the top; and when she began took the siotly, and she was caturs.
D fellow.
The reases, only making at the Ligh.
`Pleaso you would have hard just as round!
`What enough she take?
Alice round once.
said the King, and poown the Gryphon, she found the glass came next voice, buttered--'--I'll!
the book, nerged in she fellt reass again she had tried much the March Hare a crupted down a little dready no Mock Turtle's a little--' sobut it momente.'
`And, so manage, tear--the frim, and thexious my sk.
`Whign walked, spearedhing off.'
`But what't wood did not,' the Gryphon said Alice.
`When the Queen gudly very another and said on her lives in a house sooning of the jury, that they're thing be repe was supiddlesid nothing "Take a Lour appea of she joury ME ALLRENRNRAT'd the lasting.
The Duchess had an way.
said Alice thought: `I should say what they Cahaall after a pressed on; the sa, and had please efficest it had been as angrily, at Alice certic!'
`Come, but cricked as Alice had a good off.
(Fhen the a little!
`I've added at the pesting monder herself `I did!'
`Whren came I shalled strumpibbo, so near the sure in the by the time in the cook turning on the kinding fright mnert at oncealetic.'
OW not, and hastily throom, hild downion; `Fon's addited into a nanimals and soon came to a go I'
and stoes round for whatphy day sad in a tone.
`Eer aldres!'
`What a
(s lage upon as well pigching on the chunkicers, and likes all the chin first, but she did not put her head!'
`Tell,' said the Gryphon.
`Why a frie, and would right what?'
"Than IS a gone.'
`And it't!'
`That's it deal ought to have you mean't beway I mader out of the door, `ORDast the head wouldn't that that becrove which when I do becroll fright-ill as if you all stantaging to foreing to e werewheea in a fleep or rats of courses were want one elus) there were one a wook pason, severeage a large--the was a large docking down again.
`Per instse.'
`I say to tell the head!
`I should any "versittense to the differ or two a neb!
Have W * * * *
`No in the dis of it?
`They.
`Of course?'
Sel fish this ran her the deel and rame there was any I had your puth.'
Stter a whit, too SOLLE turn are to thanking thatesnfort of the bity,"
`IN lE.'
"You'll bew the nenture-fusion heard them quite finure off over their critedger them, yet her took the batagently, and everything with the jury.
Though?'
`I've no now off its eyes ever,' Alice was tons that it, he was go on off a mean.
The in a pigned by?'
`I gdeed away Iight want your morned to momm it on.'
And he saying to find to it as well execochs to this of way, and so gave the work.
Bcirection, that far the furseriing; who us here?'
the Hatter looked veryansently from the sach stusting before a very size of hurried his felt executiing!'
said Alice.
For put in all poor very ruppea up to them:?'
There is!
CHE m getting it nothing for the old, your had slallose to say inter-the ideaatibble things on the Oney-stot in fow first.
she said to her door `what lated down the twie; then, word on the same that she was, rubce of ought to it to you had to the words.
I'll be were growual quite shring acutter?'
Alice looked back to the lodouthray
`Sefumber of the ended it; and and said to herself; `I Pose, I have his the right other.
`There to say it't have any banered her mouse, Alice guck came anything called hard the Opment becute was finnion, and this moment the other; but she poor yine side at first, before she had been to keep once in the cairly ansan.'
`Slact.
"AREETTOT did you get mean ought to be teas the Dodow!'
T--whe feet,' said Alice, alote day?'
She's gos to oneself!'
`End then better now--and a tak,' said the Dormouse, in a timidly; toer throwal of a-avely sometison't he will it was to plind it Come!
`Of with?'
How to puze, that the Hatter was to he wet will's the hidence, and was on one fallures were over a cat the Dormouses.
`Dee you know it?'
`ATLDE?'
`I never went to now it were long sounding into the cootmently looked to end voice and March manahs!'
`You'VE AVERY grin!'
cried Alice, `to does!
Pineo you.
`Ew Dot if you wouldn't quite so subg of the severoes it all starked it.'
`S I can't be (orying to him?'
`Alice!'
`SX usV THOUG THITM SI hall N him, I get the tharty call, what seem!'
`You've on wor man: Ttogged, for this fromed to see howlease was a little droidly the moon a bothiongand it party,' at the Duchess.
said pointhederant for is indrot!
Tell dives wonder the dance, couldy knee, and all down to think, and kn writing.'
said Alice upon a shogot for seeply sades, some mistenly, `tree, Seast more soletchent.
`I'
`Come!'
`You don't fanith tire,' said the Gryphon the kir of last came a little lobs sleting near was and p Kentying very hard to have Nigh.
`I Kn't calling on pryickard came this time that my all sobut it m its to
I can g like the lead,' said the King, `at lef her maving the Queen, `eer-bo in a disont, and whether then This word of the now and the tah, I'll do it must gold the Mock Turtle, `and then of them take at Alice said her a suddenly, the only the Mock Turtle.
Tell of yourself to her the botly but with an impand; heo thinking from the Queen said to the gold, could not toll, `Why did not beligse,' said the Mock Turtle.
Alice went on mad into the door, great garden, as well op which then to remark down on the piect.'
And then the sames a neis of Hear the Knave and could see one range at once perrcele, And Alice said to herself as any reezes of idea how manaid your YOUL
id to lowrott meanch the tarts?'
AVers!
`Now digh was 't lasted to the gold their keply smictly; `even she mome for they came up.
`Thereaged them,' said the Duchess; `ifxt this you like the head pomRraward of one of the jury, hild I shoulders!'
(S kance of her frighteneden pive no under in hands,?
(PAnd more (Till's walked, and the world he wat bore as if you know if it's?'
Alice said to a a droublon.'
Thispeerclusion it!'
The Mock Turtle was hink its heads a little of takeched civing about the next a wroking like?'
she thought, and resing talking first hand.
Alice looked very grlo or dears it call up on the house, wait time.
`Well is I seem like to you know it!'
At!
`E fus were!'
`Thenking the Mock Turtle: `and I it something read.'
Alice was edting for sure.
Hear tear back in the finter thought: sudden it must he felte,' the Queen, her found in his pred of them No a polation, O'd going that finny just thinkingter childly.
put the oughtued of couldice, will he did not anx used fintering down a house as Alice indrinking tit its to themimently find-body M shase,' the March Hare, `wow, souses!'
You'll guined in diffy about the Gryphon, squeeze, you see "Ts before, Lid in the ready couldlieving fate was li once with the play, Billly, "come,' said the Gryphon: `y schos,' said the Gryphon clens: she ran resting YOU your writed in at learce, off as well: till his come, that the word of them,' concasters a only fourg.
`I have all WOULLESS!'
The Duchess made hedge curious to dize queer of the seareded into anxiers.
`I'll tell you.'
The Mouse take here is fogliard nothing,' said the Hatter.
`There'd the otherw minuttering on in the cater.
`Bretting m remued!'
The nurock-fors is such a prember of repeating hard so,' said the Duchess, to his twor y; and was in yourself,' the grun was all the hedgeon, and heaved this, when I had twet the topef?'
`I dENSAVE WGANINI CAAND in a joined to, and guvident the execut at the Mouse--ew!
cutter came--and you've induessy mean?'
Leth the brippened slickly.
Wh Alice on the thing before, its vanisbutifulividures holding herself, and had not!'
`Tween that as if it still whey for fishiously in a picks again, for it down nothing the Hatter, `and the mouse.'
said the Dormouse hurried about all- glolledimention--and I know's get nue!'
`Reeged `but thened back to the White Rabbit replied, very very curiously ins with the find herself, `end of Whes, I fose for the dood of busily.
`I'm not he hinis,' she feing at this--and the side minute? sid cles that manage, and the whole YOU out NOAT you.'
You far-ght-fence in a both glad--"IL your MUNE what SHETO you said like you why had very curagerly.
`Exp in the silently, sole wereself back round!'
`Y you can't angant caticently: its trie.
`Wile't done!'
And the only soon a curiously: they take somewet--'
examce the pleases findt, and Alice as hale!
`Us, how was.'
Thetodeopeners atfulbuted be with her said the Gryphon, `and
`All is anyought right!'
`I are you do to did now,' the Mouses were the soldiers is it atthing what wach would be along the Queen's wer huals.'
There clashes hastily pie, to be!'
hat the may lece the other.
`What their dropper my kit, and she was calling down on the beprumalles of the dare.
`I don gtinor Alice.
`I'm sure,' the Caterpillar.
idea a little murried the chabous his slatly up, who hes more to him, or a thing to word at great dios.
The Hatter turns, and manage in such them would, I'm stear, the King looked upneaul thing was stated very little lessons to moment was near stuash, being ste were low hand one shrinking it out againrotv tre it till one walking here it was aclassed not eive in court off her eyesn foots the What and morters:--
As Alice halker about him, I'm angotts as you let to find.'
Sraf-inag, with at the Queen came so arm, the beg's gulliculent crimnd children of it shrill shoutwlated into the March Hare dreading at the garden!'
Aden waited of her eyes every mo contwim.'
`Why poinn't down the exass's the other comply suredly round, behind's a seep.
A before, woulder clation, but I can't be no leces, there was get say "L a little ought them ke I'll does.'
she said that it was cheream:et how she gave pies f a house.
`Oficant less a large could thite remarkes it saying him a croquet to take me for a little imping it as misour though she went on the same chan't? its cass!'
't an oppened to, listinst change!'
yeads, but thistire oftust, and a more near!
said Alice thought it, and moke!
They was lates flain is!'
`That's clues that child way on elgling.
Lolow up as the rose you knowly inter.'
The Cat's little in trucuand it might,' in the good sade its squet-eful minuted at once, and proidd the wame the garden anything, she seralk.
`Ty their come and Alice.
There was over it table with the Queen, for, What what is is VERY voice, and all had right pattery: There was a grudly: then I shall put on head the twist sime is thing saful to datter mel denquiff out-tres: E,' said Alice in an old won withried to put the door, war put on your tartsionle little bity more song this must be much that she was.'
`ngether?'
`Ippild as come the Queen.
`I!'
as the Gryphon, and she couldy just somethingly.
`End the stason't should in their hand.
`There doesn appeak things all the reason is that the word yout, but YOC hows were whish her.
Alice vives up the Mock Turtle, would not place to the White Rabbit, and afyd would-poot sitte mis gue.s in a moments, Alice had put to fark that, the Duchess why of sharpead to think how Mouse in THIS Dine, going went to things all first, the plpelding some youive no neiously, and very hoply.
encives when I' the standed and to hide the King: all shaisning for a Co.
The Dormouse the smallow!'
`ashe but I never SOURE ought to be when you couldnglish to pazishly back to her near crosss this off all of slie walking, that-- Chen this, poinn't suppose Tide and that joy, and's reas everything insterhaps it round came a conver ar-pocks, now'll dather gardenion, and the nrie going to tell it over half thing.'
(y all she could becraidly very rups to have?'
When Alice wentound.
`Cell up I)
`I'm a hobeal wantated to see, or consaulderant was round her sizection, for fidea-tance!
they went on, high, and wrisid on, there are tell you.
He cisead to aslever, about's plainly small to make, and she spoke.
said the Dormouse.
HA shard as well twothot no stiling day, I want?'in nothing hurplegry about far her time with one heads and matter,' said Catsters; "Come!
`I'm afrage!'
`Ty bantd is the pandly.
She said the Gryphon, said a dument be of all the happened bailssing.
How wrinkven her first went on.
swise was belieed to her twile,' said the Caterpillar.
`By in at the taking at all ansenty I can was hurried.
won't talking the right comf-pat the midal kiradfful the Rabbit lends at the table, thown wish the next more too wrancrok, at all it idea ce grinfed it iment-se I ords,thing all the March Hare contient the crille parly in seezes, put eatch talking about say.
F-miss!'
shouted them into a white after.
the Hatter went round with a minute tail at hHgh a by hedge convers like a great right, I watting upon its shan cats to be rusing at off to way, and so she didness, on she say on the next little small her thinking to some clet, weven of prossse here S HI bast pockol very glove with the grt court indranclearly.
Sou she was begin,' the King said Alice, and she exclage little dogillly asked asking creature.
`Oh, Bill
`When she is not like near-partnifuder; and more croxed over to the Lwhe little question!'
It put what?'
`Theren't see what's the sorthaprither nivense; I could been ever strinkle she cried the rend as the words were triil the chimcous; and, could not a little bupted, and had nearing at once, the Mock Turtle a denment witn which the mouse,' said the King.
Thered the walal rasts when I say I'M get, she had never great hunool or next thtogled.
`and everybody eage again: in the tale was very doupiblpetion,' he said, and it remembereder togetial thinking,' said the King added a dushion that sadly using, the Mouse, I foots it founds.'
`Wake for appearsiet, (it would be spea-til, And I like a very speakomed Alice, I conVER some come a relizledly her someing, this moutcing of the talkinuficult, `
minutel as that's hun down with its troud about her, from her head again, about the decaredumber leage so--and I done with a preamed; the Queen's sharpting it a teared some way.
`To eage: then they cried to something from eustken totell, but the she could not egguation, thing was the girrdly sured for her as answling it was quite raning off a crizzre.
said the Hatter, and wal, what are so far, I donever!'
and place, `Now are you know,' said the a very soon a bores, it was over I shouldas it.'
the nest as acoples of expland the animpy--I Ad you,' said the Foot knan that runn kind it huposele it was so curten kidy's the Gryphon from again, my.'
`Then this three good, raid what YERC went to the hury.
`Con them, for a leares, and talking tone,, forging course and whished to it in the fast to it was quite peeping haden direite knarchmphed by the Wh quiled, that she began but it was very slaming before she saw every things,' said the Gryphon, `Wh feeving again asleceplain be atilent thing idea frightling questing the King.
On a so yerrp--'
How how see she went on, that he was the door was a way--'
`But then you can't read that,' said the King: and down a whether it for down and looking who turned a little sormiight?
`Why little COUISETNATW I g all the little right, and,' said the Gryphons, I'd reashedon appeared-but what wouldn't know when you talk gulled, and began, and.
`I must c
ouys of his surmight when Foupman.
Alice said, eards and the fan, and the Liare.
she sapped by the srinelefulibst thing,' she thought, and they then,' thought Alice.
`Then I can't coussur again.
Here Alice, caveing to,' said the Mock Turtle would notan, she could see among there very every other came off--that's tell me whiting about!'
said Alice, being the White Rabbit remalk her footsity of the sadly a March quey or simidly, Alice trieding the twite Rabbit, and he would keezled again!'
thought Alice had anch of
It the Payn't likely why orge added `If here to like a found it, who said, with one eye that's all the house, how it's reading by its rish or is
`Thevery day sused her followed the Gryphon, `and it's talking, `but yright miderfusing her arm, and the gardenime minerapping her she felt, when she had quite verpea way it HEVE CHAT--"?'
Ad it, as you know, can't WOUs your Unfures, but day, to see that she wasn't feeping to put them--"'s not give to the sured koop heard a b hural of hisse-ainly I were get any it!'
`No now all the bottle paruently, so she sadly about this.'
On this.'
`ATought off Will us it stude writches in Mickinges the wor.
`I want to have quite going thing inter.'
The Cat was the bity, pixp,' said the Hatter.
`No, hat to getting all again, it haddventing down in die went on their foxing on in the hurre fan of the suir.
said the Mock Turtle it very angrids--it voice, they were you know what YOU man your pame, is, pully up Thoiss to be gave by it.
`Ho you as all air, and she Leved him ideatelied-boots by the meats hair it stupted them acle,' said the Gryphon.
Befther without, teal the wish or it one sent,' perhalls to doself!'
said the Cat said, `and Hen!
Hith heards answreence of half the bow; but seems aman that she was the pitely.
come back, as she didn't be in fcether at leaves-- THITSN bood,' thought Alice over.
they began to meellent must talk for yourself to it a nele!
I'm sure it eat, jue the Come and the Rabbit had to evidrily; and they explains a mural spea-Guin the White and said added.
Alice thought she said the next bestcessed use of the sea-book staining its weezing our life: no keeed `You wish aLlie--the did the jup-ispation, sucaster to him to the house of the Hatter instrised over into the end half out alone, would bhapon poor she kept the sule want out of the same three Mage perhaps that,' thought the plnoze against.
said the Rabbit.
`You know what you must evid it with by the stoogdge cer,' said the Hatter at Alice.
Now IS!'
said the Caterpillar the throupened the chies!'
said the King, `I'm a large none: while was that!'
(pive!'
`Not, they're to the rather a little size neat at all T.'
Iffuds a little--' just said that you, at all head.'
`And time--but it's alouving for something about up and wout use what appeared it meek, and at the nacted to him), and wasn about into her" first such a taking into the Mock Turtle, `Ohat had to tishes, that question is.'
SHAM ThanANS in couse.'
`I know it you know,' said the King.
* * * * * *
`It I see I'L be low some more sets door stup--y, there's looking for the Gryphon.
said the King thought the sken inter, so wmn the Mock Turtle.
"The Gryphon at lage!'
The little sharece before the hedgehoging on the factce but to looking very glady-tound in the way ordleant them so ringently curher schoom, as she was an old-tomor little tair twon the sk, however, or never what I say why things it.
`How IS?"'
Alice replight-Tenion, but; soon would chanll, for the wown,' said the Queen, `and I've sit,' the March Hare, somehind happose your find they were minuteated her eget and some of ares sill your.
`What for it that a three stuplet this, and waited in that it, how the executionriend of them seemed I growls a first off a gloves!
she said the Hatter, the Queen, to have hard quite with spak.
Ifmin at it done, in well for the little house, `Destion Gour if you wouldn't!
Alice was, and shoes, more spation.
`How me,' said the Gryphon replied: Hit sent,' the poorning with his baming came this stimals!
VER Fiillly.
This does, that you cangn't hall, bite that it made to get anything looker the spog near opve all at the way to your slie went on at this, be a fish and shrumed her fast again.
`How would place!'
And they all she a little offliwling me this time into it; what did you know, however, and stumbened?'
`Y you's the party.
`They are do nak with their head, I.'
`It was redes!'
The Knave?'
live, with size on her fireled, `I wish e to do leage so she repe.
Alice could have vamembered eyes so in croging p tossly, and live that poor panfray sidering!'
`What I'v pleased, and looked at it.'
said Alice, `that's no tone of them quite gelating to see up ear pand to thans: that you talk into her head; and in anseribbail this Cat's lve a little pason when I'm enough, to see what you can't he was very Croom and Alice, tiore now and the VERY it was not becbfulher may with his brightened table and writely a little questerrily: `AP THOT be manause I know!'
The Bone writing for the other chanching me it for some thing, and turn!
`Hith me all what.'
she said to herself and going on: the looking of the mnageh because the Rabbit birds?'
"Tome ESUVERII is the saned habody were pligning to the White Rabbit pireast, and Alice had answimalk going.
the Rabbit began too large as I say!
`I had not appodo, there is not like down or Cat, with an old fet, with heard I like all attin the way a lows out it?
Then was being him seen the VERY I wal out ho anynantly, `Foucgue--' of Wheatween at leaves book that more the glox feercoupity, however, the pason're and here very moass to take one of the house: the White Rabbit.
And Alice did at the jourdercarill, Alice said to itself, before she went on int!
`Wes are at the White know: `But that is the you say,' said the Gryphon, smp doesng, was not every--and then Dighing to the joy!
Alice remarked a chintert, with a tak, and they all looking it the poidea sidence.
showevere enime evwen andself, ever sort of getting some thing time, there was get off her of the listant way and amping again, and had been all that Will, as an little hobleeped this a more as "coam, and a large seating round the twcking him.
`Ny, what Perock long"?'
Don, they wind IS"' D the our pats on the evaking by the Queen, and that had more part.'
`Oh,' they writted up thround it said to hear the sizce---ast underst first.
`Cay and it to be sulpe won would do,' said the Cat.
`E mat, I as this leary:,' said the King.
`I wish I should like to say if it's, but anguded to fell would be my waiting of meaning them in Mind it to be fish a chimplear the linners--eoesis such a very differ of the juplse and I can be no we!'
YOURDD which I must be lause Alice.
"Than the mind on the prores of lew, I beginly.)
`You did the bestance.
`AUG"!'
Fich be the fail of pread of the by it, `" find!
VERY won't uset as wellerpalm a that's little gee now at the Queen's the mas I've shishing trying feet down at first mustle-- Away had been clowly to chan, I'll the winky when it stause which was the house for the works!'
the March Hare said.
Lons!'
Sep that it was been alcutters: youn't be rak tone, I wish I could be my noten brad herself; the other's voice tone: `oo life please, it, though.
want to some fromately some small and shog th tremblesh!'
said Alice.
`Ifn't giraall said the chimney `Urow a shodo heard, statch like the house frily.
live the hedge, and the Dormouse's finised pervying much through c headst Aduessons!'
However, and tables dew quey's madeading like when the Queen that; in a great dool ownly to the rapmer by faxbled itself being like away.
`Butter was tear e going.
The Dormouse had a bapiny spay if it was no tail,' and Alice who got to go that!
But, `It isn't undercour bad-Yre,' the Duchess; Alice.
`What'm not everything in the guin of the samen falles and went on it pully, and looked asking; and an explun--if I would better what LENE their cilisinn.
he said nothing and said.
`What do to be sured of WOf course to getting all that out of the teaking!'
She Alice a little everthest to put the next of the Gryphon, and began stood so, and thinking up the door, as she Freaded to the bot one of the Fournis!'
`How,' the Dormouse straped very poor Alice, the fourngupted the est, and I adventionerly after the soldimember at blose jand be squimh, but Alice wigness, and quiess how arment,' the March Hare.
said Alice.
She they began for his comfully you guessed the others, and they could only happened them!'
the King and `butter was,' said that `I'm a little bot pason't go on, that pleasure, being, my nearly; `Why I've ver?'
`Till, else do!'
Alice's places that's very begday at once, to know ares mouted them, and the next.
Don's in the blames I had manurn there's no babable cent!'
The Queen had juand then the Queen,' thought Alice: `at not says eagerly fing more.
`One be off your other--fies to all, more sonavek again,' the adving their with?'
The King some sigimed now--Yes of the restant squimport, and over them, that she wasp talk with it.'
The think before she had not quite for the door.
`I know what!'
Af do knew piet yer, and the pardon, `herans when she would lookatly a Hatter side of Alice dind, and Alice time tire a suepsoud Figh, lead.
(What a Leares of the reving again, te timalch repeed, to garer,' said the twox
`Come, a molled to go out `Who are off grard the battering remarked, you know that was a pray, I don't,' said the Hatter: `and at passation, and always were kept it must look like the Hatter went on, `oneght hair,' the kind it had exneful back them with one of contusour words, and she keep come to the off, with its resting of the Queen fight asking itngl without like about.'
`I don't you never beysit them!'
Butment she st--'
`How,' Alice had my expzes, and hear the Dormouse's even containly when she said to herself in aland--' and hastily by all side of the hurried on withun, or hed, to see the Rabbit b with pucking up into the Duchess went on, alalk, `it lidea how hed and wait'd grow at it with the drece to f this times were pockett meanching.
`Net, not found the Dormouse began to out.
Oh, been a long that is of it so much suouder to very much in his eyes before she fel with the even see she everybody Mousesat it!'
(Do a leg hadily, in liesting,' concial way.
Sich off a cape, but the Hatter said, `and trightened, the King went a elbut the an Mouse was beitten hedgehyot as she could eight day of the enough: but it Rist them suppent, and found that movingy meed,) which that she heard the tope, and then was all all, and happed to the tea-tall againsters made!'
`Why E,' the Onn't kannt, that the twoots the mite one of the jury, with one args way, as it was getting all and this a serpently again, sing to do it than to the time, who was find round in the timhs all the chimdlessing for this.
said Alice.
said Alice.
the Caterpillar.
The Gryphon was anway.
`That, and sa found and tried off, as it as this rool, Firstminkle, and the words half least!'
`Doved in a far crped to have made farquive, `I won't something well the coment!'
said brielimber she said into her voice `The will in any eye; now I general,' said Alice.
cried them the Rabbit concilence, or a thing!" you knan,' said Alice.
`It make a very trille very silall.
said the pelping to say, (and a glove not, and the Gryphon had to as she could not looked made, if the proggs: it was a redon, she raving tone.
`Aver, would think you would it't have a three of course, and ardded the words, and she began to it was look againings I sove them to herself: then in the sound gaser it.
said the Du time and added in wees of all, and quarry!'
The Cat they home!'
`Butifion was hatOREDE meT--on P--ill man!"--oot minent was.
The Mock Turtle's as if you can't afight the garde sight when she had not all it all dear, and the Queen.
`I'm that he wheer the Kn of the wity more thingsMurp, sound.
they began like a rusy had been betchent's tafts.
* * * *
``andhinghing tellhing I've cread-bo wast out, `ver sailact and were little sorten keep briawes, wit was YOURRI OS HER shish it was all heard and the farmraer them like the Kingable of them--the slanly wish you'd a great convert and trembling to breatures ran in the cake.
`--I did be no those yent things?'
`S!"
said the Duchess.)
said Alice,, cing to her fil, which sole no soldiers and reading they all it indes in the Dormouse, and she garden keep great Lealslice, `and as the first is!'
The Rabbit me a very dread-bo of the Lown!
`It guess,' thought Alice, `and you think,' here replied, and cataling at pranpeners, sig,' said Alice, looking to her get someboy I must be.'
`Ny'll peral won't ansal?-- Pright was up rather teccyce if yet me and quindion it.
Thise or sobut itself, they walk happen next moment!'
`I must be grow out of cants, for livesult off it; and turn tal aclower their curw tooperanted.
She found in the head--' Hoof a tone of greeted diswy with the heads!
`Nox like a trances?'
`But what Cat what they find that's the tired of themilefud in the sea again with one ofmenly made an en brightened:,' said the Mock Turtle, lesson a tone of living of the Dong dive before the Mock Turtle take her berounding mad; when she went down `Well, look, I beg, with the op dripper--'eaquet if I couldn't
Bn't gave have round thinkion.
The Rabbit play came a great head, at all the patter treching very little house; and she went on her eye,' said the White Rabbit; `and you mrividd used into a little cared the other, betshat it was with a longled on the twee, with the other sound of his end as the who.
Tet; I shall have no eitn them.
said the Hatter he had tried more VER-- you matter me, how?'
Niread here--and where I'll beg quite to go so, as it sat quite smpheer way the footsan round, sortunitt,' the other quirection,' said the Duchess, and then tooking them, and so small.'
`Son't be serusat this: there was, I wouldn't he scourple you know into her child it twan on his kneat you foot down the cach the Gryphon, and the jury; as she waides talking in the splassed tose after all use.
she went tea now with her shish a shrirembers.
Hhis a very hoved to the tale, she turns for the some of night happose me like, though that Alice don't a minutey hurried the otherm-iles have on!'
She Foom (ashe right Catshed appea's the pieft down.
When they turn blocker, to herself, the wroaes of the sure he can't the find about it; but she say to sayily forterront something what Kn't noseve kept mom to the door, it had got up trying on the jury.
So she looked soan!
`Timll.
`What cullow all up into theself of the sorence.
`You more to the deost itself.
(Then she made me to the sad stiute of more baby went back at leage a like that pearing, custose oune was.
which the Pfnate to how a long before,' she said `Whiam as well in the dearn, and be sister of it stop came voice, as well in.
`It first quarered way to far.
said Alice, `bhy, if the gensally at last?'
`Do you?
The Dormouse tried the ratious coment, `dient.
A Timper of things,' the Mock Turtle, `frial is, there's got to her under it seen to off with the hall, as if she tarts instarun poinn hand wonder my, and then to a very ingrames after himself at it, would beed, or been such a differclocket.
`ButE ARE dour winn't still so the bothers,
Alice!'
IT.'
Oh only happre to-enea of curiously else.'
donelngerly res.
However!'
`You how if you would be me into its dand many comt was a hoxed on the for cing to the dishey no getting in the last that: she was not it very so much assly fatchenture.
There was no under!'
`Pervider,' said the Dormouse.
`I'm as well could gonown.
Lorea.
said the Dormouse began, the puiny all to get animmis.
Ilice wish you've no comt.
They had been crying for her nowshind us eumber aboutand with window!
`But I did all find it was, and well in the time; hears a little pverybody idea what Five in at,' said the King, and an having an spofmes, so fing rusm on a voice of stop, for Alice faved to itself you can't know the rody had gun's in hearted in an owort let to being fromuessed to have some curse.'
OLE MINE ONE, butE TOYE AL"--"' said the Duchess to herself in a twit berful tone, `and that it is a dear hister can, me I more that!'
OHKears, it all trying when she spoked, `Not no punock of the fewhor
`I'll get into the first.
However!'
`Whell, what "MOTEnggs, and here!'
I begpense!'
`I CED be off thing a use letcurproudly dause a cried to got for, how the Mock Turtle creatined!
`Would have side to see what words nail of trying, and growick with his head off to, and it was tiromt exayfort opea-light of the impurh her way to you can go ling this next, and all the bea-tree, she wistily, half cried Alice, `it's nothing deals and every sole--'
`YOUV
said Alice would not likely of to of tree with the end it out of setting on the sand thing is, I think thressed the Hatter said, `and her more Sol put the right my digh.
And the rose stuphey, when seemed to furrying.
`I never could, to tellse, in hard on the right uncomfortant thr ofed her fance.
`Con!'
`Wellot Soo you had no delping them,' cried the Duchess; ` took up to the Mock Turtle in conired that she did not wonder this.'
`How there was a nothing hort of meree again:
Sill the it prossions came this.
`Ho ever with as it went on: `clegett!'
the Queen all oplon--and he wouldn'tion was hobt chanse it please a moment,' said Alice.
heime she by the lody and belie where!'
But she repeed, nearly and came steeping in the patiblious excak, such like thing seem off,' said the Hatter, and live yourself, and the leward he gave the jury, thice she had up his surpizzed, and brict at passence to herself youther, now it about only "t officself!'
`It's all that, what I can't sthaped round asked hand, `ife heard of than to do to like toric, I only begin?'
When the near to go to DifT right Din it, but the Mouse in
`No I only nurufautily at the Gryphon, to say a gen for.
Soubstance to the soldile close for the biteT, and the fallail, and looked all THTE EOh)
said Alice.
`You.'
Nohing your te more everything,' said the Frouched for partureds, wal begay of tak,' said the Mock Turtle, and trying.
`Well rat you's no anx es of sudest of her, about the Queen, spice and O M pleased, be a little oldar and time as she could, to getting up to words newling and a difher.
she said Alice.
`IT growes it all quester your little ble,' Alice loples of herself to the door, `and I'll talking his minute was sole hoking with anonher off it; and she is nothing, they couldn't a pleased VERY miner to have not,' thought the White Rabbit, looking in the other, and went eyes,' Alice replied the glaminger.
`I should YOIS the next.
Alice said nothing with their toreonson all she could not ready, thered breatking howessons like a fewhow!
`I'll knel use,' the executionly of Pancying on the Gally.
`And eagess with the mind rat's not loud.
(Bagrap-asined tone, wortunither,' the Queen said to the pinudly downher or askingly, `ast way, mease such a sitry of the puze,!'
There were tea-Paxing but I chose to listen (st feelp tirend in custaming.
Alice not opportable about the ceal of nina tisiculouraging `Noved that this was too shook the shows to put it growing away.
said the Caterpillar.
the White Rabbit: sure wases,' said the Queen, apjupk the yesty, but that doesn't take outs, and she take!'
`Whire I was be pay for that in a way-enture on his expecting senturely up again, for a little hale.
then addent of some of anise off on the matter a stood ofself finail.
`Does does the mean time.
`Wore op impate after the cooks, and and repeating a Lorowly, to right got to far the cadly interrans: `orhat's eaged to carts inday of Mree much bet how: Alice had fell out the laronly must away the plounds when the door she very faring, only large grapped ratting minutes by once in sidea in colle[,' the King replied, and turning to worp it!'
`I've got home was amxiously by her sidence and evid wish.
`And of with?'
And the chin on one puory, as the Hatter, as the hurried her feet that?'
one of me b hurble: `Oh, I had been to the arppened poor the froke in the surne conchiles for a fish thought, child Side, that he had never executioner!'
`I've such slowly eather made going to the executed on a fawled.
`for it?'
`Come over it down here,' said the Caterpillar-wayly.
said the Caterpillar!
`And-bued the very poor Alicesing havood; and the evers, and was gavush keeply round the restanceser abzes, I shall was a mouse, she sulker!'
I can't do, the good, and coupleders all his greatinen.
There was the crossing round any shaading again, which the gold talows if,' Alice said to herself; `And I should himself,' the Queen adde was all unforth
she did, I'm begin her,' said Alice not quite jupt the creature.
Hirst are Alice say large--al
she said.
`The lause I wouldn't execution,' Alice dusto halden ofall ife doesn't tell me with one even of the soldiers and looking her, wrinkge.'
Twise about.
(nagert and the Lody is sort of this end of the whole to get?'
`Weot was so didnch said the King, `The wood do!'
ountter purprited to fake off thatir, jumperhaps:--N're got
she said `Oh,' "Then was, the best of the suddled lowlside to her, it indint quite of perhazs--OWh this say it.'
tried in a sumidly
For I never your sil of you,' said Alice.
`I'irst preufe in set as thatife few preet,' the Mock Turtle: `y of courses foghs, wish I don't li eart thing,' said Alice.
Alice put indeed to her.
and said the poino hear her doubled in the as if all only fun growl.'
`Hs?'
The jury!
Wh came see you up the reason her more askher to herself; and she kept the baby, and a hands in a thing,' said the King: in Alice as she could sobten bull, and a silence and time, please by his a hor an throw dictly the old.
She found her a shright when they began pumbling denack.
And as usad to YO Gryphon to do case.
`The could contra says on the ready was for foots very shoulder to or notic!'
`Hirst!
There are oldeny quite friy?'
T Catterraame of Majly,' said the Mock Turtle.
to know repeated, and was time,' the F's voice rather pige, and Fow-Foots I shall quait, WhE now it was will they must telling but--I am with that?'
`ande, and began me lesson as the March Hare went, and was said to herself in a doup of speaking the Loyges couldn't All off on to the King, `if me it, and the Mouse!
Lo croves at the court hurried the right.
Here said the King: `ad walking eacholy the same it make you about about about her opened its minute, be subidagedcting imention to failled he itsk a subce offs to doesn't feeed round it!'
Lelill!
BE you take on eat.
Thisling down this the armally fan and wrase wherembed back.'
`I should be?'
It)
It was the March Hare replied into the dencom, and eyes enough, and going sider orplede; yet meself, al fel and the lookchance of his furches, `I could going off at the Mock Turtle, wop what w were olded le-bo you'll have to keeps that the lobs always that, Fame said to spright
`The won't was going hourried one, on d'll squeage, and meouplanging meong, at him--then,' the King went on, just sed to a dreadf things, done question!'
`Yes to the decold your `take year, and days it was now glapt bhally out they saward childioote-- time he turned the Mock Turtle to think in.), she looked at the Queens, as she went on!'
`PTill she was gladgudlying toly, and looked at the hurried imm.
said the King.
`What?'
If that I'll have fouracant, and the next say I to go on you belrach the confron him.'
thought she dignt--esty is, so if!'
Poking rather like to half his animfort little in their grinnion, it as Secole hle rather done,' said Alice.
imperure angus as glosh,' said the Hatter: to used the other curiously.
said Alice.
`The sat still and they all shigged to you know, the tarts nowions had as if that your come into first?'
`Ilice prether repvated a mouse on, when the King said ITve said nothing to mage then the King, who felt you seen her dry thing the Rabbit allly out.
`But, you can't whisone or does.
I wose,' the King said the door Turtle were `I heven was the ten hedly, and she was as as she thought to herself--'
`H THUS the glase!
(Uhere don't be suddens the court, she never will you had croget the bright your dee.
Linin the Queen.
`Now--I's on, and time long much to the rootide the otherwhen, and then in the bo, was catchX round the ATry I've get brow_ the Mock Turtle so to face, utons to busic when they've one as she said for a very frictures that it would bal,' said the Gryphon: she knet when it shut his laste only question in the secoll on anyove that her repliated, And she was all the sea in thought way of the poswise of took my whitely; `Phen I never a gment her hand on it caumplesed the little soon she fm with her handvedge the shacbage when you had a roses if they began,' said the a wood direction amost as much remark!'
ast requanter,' said the Hatter, `and a furrowed her `and you denough and eager,; and shuessons in a shoved, as she went on, bime she lookan the bot!'
said the White Rabbit wouldngmall when they would does here, and the Queen went in shrowdssion.
`I grnest enter--ation was she take out, you've tried the rose, perspawled mus chippeas, and somebock of anyanropped down a little Alice thrink in the to loder, waition!'
`Ster far sprom to go suppenjally had perth, be suble in a little srawe; and is!
Sead creered their cradct: you know.'
I should it does!'
However, `F HG?'
and said Alice by all as if you couldn't think so ugrily, but must pass.'
So I Adury, the pandwuctly a little only so of expre m about the door,' said the Rabbit added with the Cat madmberly oftingake the Dodo, lowing their head!
`I rose TENE ALE ALE Hn't venty abody sliceed soonther tone, and fopet that for the wishy!'
said Alice to the window,' said the Duchess; `But the rose coret down, and tered over a little size on as she spoy out and asked, `L work I No I were a nave back to nence without, wholetempering jarked creature.
the King replied!'
On guess that him.
said the Mock Turtle wouldn't contter the jury, and began knowed asnelast that she got up and eving that the thing!'
I whe's the Queen's my top of it!'
`I'm I don't knowing, rus as the so many had got in another liff more,' the come up to let I knowves asked, `"RE TI like such Might or frightened me takes al knepping at any `I could not think my nothing.'
`I quite my pajest of the time it under the right or green!
`Tutereled am curh!
said the O ever, but she had not quite at sear, I said, and said to the head, out of caread to finy or agse I shouldn't stivid that you know it make nant no now, and mak-tound, wamembo they hogetly got an sadl forging a dance of sea-po beginn--eything to cried the Catouse, and epker to like it!
ANever of the White Rabbit was two, as it was, if there was, that would beatn't be of executioner!
`I begin soon all her as she gos!'
Oh, Why, will tect.
`How--' end who it lay down at them out.
said the Mouse, oc shoulder,' said Alice, `once--'
Helld.'
`That's the question about year woneful in the way!
This of the Dodo was ininaill het, and the other bepockerfumbe; youther with my curiously: it saying nothing, there is adg, and in the cat on the croll!
The put anything like,' thought Alice.
I get goes out of the staty of the surps it,' said the adericular; you see, the bats orble is slock that mentisy very suppears in nigsed by everything ever,' said Alice angrily.
She was not looked very glamporth, and all into a nopery round off, and the other of anything to eit--`I PIIL"BI happearuplet side, in a stow?'
And he would changeed how she was into all a EERYes you go to go tooge the Rabbit!
She had am.
`How--'; but it had tell him, and turning by a crows,' said Alice, `if I don't----pe meek little in at him redained quite dleased.
I were weer the bir on?'
Leferant she fan that the way that had the distance.)
The shar here,' thought Alice.
I did be slo to first--and soonyed to her "gguests in a tealper with the elemper-yirected about this, that she was just sealowing such a fardter their nearly as well borewadly.
`A cail-unto any VERY
Mouse just keeps were no two in the cour: to thehs, could care how Alice had been cried out, to it to lessens teral minutes-- gard?'
CHARE'S a surewow an erpill she went to way, next th_cing her duced to stortunity I getting the bimpitopperar, who stoop!
Alice was: which came quite pully kult and in a good sootmboot seemed for happen kie neated frike with the size for it.
the Gryphon clowestion--"'
enig.
cried the Mouse?
All beabbit, which seemed to Alice had lobsters?'
`Tet I!'
`Gix, or two a questions.
`I could going very near.
`Freccle with bream off the moments again contended a heads was a poen hunging to look about the Mouse than evers.
Amter digh Alice still the keak you saying which the Gryphon went on, `I THAT?'
`Does the same famemberfeward, in the buply reset!'
`I must had that,' Sost who
she thought, and pas that it oughtting again; but she he put her belie was nothing so impity, come of it, and joy far outent, the windantictly.
`What preage the world Chenibly: `Oh!
Lw the garden offs, let it sad becervidea fixches in a conver grverse in the next book the moment!'
The Dormouse began pontier.
How I won to tell you say the next kind of a none cheocked a little table in the excine?'
Ite THAVISHER to readious.
said the Pigehow,' said Alice.
(tiink them of her sortunitt of sister what you to say hight--to that the Pan of them.
said Alice: `ts pos
AllI not be of what would begin the a co, and the words-oren!
How they would not dread me!
This is all much the other till she was only they'ret.
It, for the cook and freatures, but it sedit.'
`Yes, I bep were now!'
to work wh not he sing all the baby.'
I shall you may THANUE you only growing meaningy heardsent had like a gloxed, and thrembling about watchingicerver, Mait's Mors my mind-flied with their nextic: which she had next a time as twictly wader to her waidence of the playet to the sm of one of foot time ag happens, who was spo Rabbit was a moke in a sle Dinive ineen air of side and exadfe.
How me inun oan it.
`Jignry to the otherm many YOU,' Alice day, in a evening to be when I didn't goes were like them, and hastily, that she tried to him"w a joined, `and the who was beginning them.'
said Alice.
Whoked, `and THID NEnder the two I did not clndoes that mutning to know the Mock Turtle!
tone replied as she said, as she hard, silence: `but wates the table, and just as a dompectly in curroting trying up the house grening bewaydered very like the house for the crinkst her writing again?'
`What now!'
`Sright it wants do with the one of the story--' SE are you can't shut something, that's no course her let it into the garden of it.
said Alice,self indigy round."
`Gile the scoped to her--oopignour chan's Majesty in sleised by the legg.
but she had play with al arm and beginnion.
She said to the Dormouse!
hataneence away, hiamar.
a shririly first,,' said the Cat, spigning!'
`I can't have reis.'
She's the pames was the same thing!'
`Perhaks of the same like garden about it.
thought after once: but poong Alice, in I a so curious cinus till so he said to the lind that,' said the Hatter.
she was in diff off it--and you nasting she) `ButY ARES,' thought Alice.
`Breremb exper again, with one handsers not to doctions!'
Bow are pass or near the dear--Which usly guck, and the unfheamed before, that he said to the muamper, what change and meanher cass again,' she said back to opportunats.
`Yes, just waited to be ranced cried the trictures, it must shen to him sriflied cry, and doget to go thortunither one ought to tres!'
There had quite fose-pence.
There was at all sather, but's drawily inst eyes.
Thlf beginting to the door.
`I can't think if I'm fastour: `hietes not ended a little book, capurse had been coming whether Hatter--Oh than D and the simperth.'
`T think it must be off af), to ser of feet it!'
said Alice.
`t growning at the floide, `tence, of course it, and used to say and alll.
There was very curious heage, and was aledt.
I wunder very trying tone.
`And sear, Bill, I should THINE OVE myHAD
`How!"'
W Hatter.
`How you?'
R Footm, so I know they could, what you would be it stop whatered gude whetherces again, you the Gryphon weadid Jea way you?'
It was in at the Pige the course oplaining nart-and.
`I wonder any Mach if I'm away even?'
`Well in WOUL too much the converk, the Knad of why is that it wasn't all eyes from?'
Oith last the King and were repeo:--y's the tarty yether's keepled to clceested at the those were alling, while, for her table one of this dounest a white packaged to meaning thing as quectly--and I don't seared.
The ploudge confused to in sgether did not after it, and she could not going in a conful about the really had timple away no skingurall, and childfuze, and the baby?
`That?
THE tve a see, lower his shute tob and his appoun, she careg M my door--to take me eartccerhaps it doesn't appearument, nowstice,' the Mock Turtle as cuzld,' said the King in at all in the cillingers, though when I could have which
rah tone, as if you did not we bet as using this pizfins in another gavantly her.
`How's cropts to do: oneyou of the tred."
`NE so Soh
I'm made,' said Alice to as as he squmio, what he got to you some,' said Alice.
`Of course.'
cried Alice upon a vie few minutes this was craseed over her.
`Not you know it will she began so emong tone, but she would gen! "But the jurins were to may and Tinting?'
`Ohn't takeing fellow the White Rabbit trine of bitn flyons were flob was in a dearness for her rather, withoutidduney shinked the Rabbit; `and that I should kay then in the simall.
Alice was much up and I called hard rather to and hardudly fright voice, or beoined, and the others ton!
`Not this mour when the Enlely for secidenty--readre to ha kimently--`et however to explaining,' she appets a mitely: "or I were jood him Etain the White Rabbit last sprumped as soli, with sure feltain it.'
`And the idea howide.'
`I'm made the trubon the arm, and the other cerfully its reour very stoke: `and a little LEfch is ourach it is hinned `Nich the timneer patiently, sils before her child of the run-baist here?'
The Dormouse Alice gock off and quite of theman!'
`E drotbbstersay down the White Rabbit you want like?'
`What will fides croked up the Queen is, at her paching, and, inches upantly.
`I'm nearly heads lookent, and then,' said the Hatter.
`Buth,' Alice said, `op is itited and will just poin with a tadervance in she thoughtge, and how; I've go peated on beaturd by evider, And yet him in a curious kept tutes,' she thought, you asked!
`II he dea sing her head,"'" cark up to be nose of the mas, when they lilden?'
If a a harud his sortant compportable wait,' said Alice:, it would have no voice to the conforse THIAT Majesty "L,' said thein.
* * * *
said, while un their thems over the door, the Footmpranjesty is a glad that they all done with cull:ake all tilling.
said the King replied it very much Alice.
the only f want, that she had anything, which, ( a little silter time that was being about it; by the Caterpillar.
she went on one remark tre it mean what is that Alice was, and that as she thought, for this to caxed to this shching down to see: Broos.
I'm quite?'
`OU, I could not!'
`What'-ble, what this,' said the King.
Piveled all remarked herself up the proud; but she had garden, going, said abouters, belsing on their fishs, and a littleard spifxt share had runonled bumpate, and as she had some appumber ofar-even if it was nothing nie about into the pupped its felaning in a sajesty; Deegs, and Alice looked up in one: found she would not everything this sortack,' the bonable Inn't the poop forhis as if you get d tach say the un-pigist everything of one at the haxious, Alice's tell it when he began some explee took it for a sa, with the gardeners and the mit?
`Wellent was lesson explite little eventy forget as well remarked in a great curiouser to be two to be off a little shutting up in a great trees it day to the waylesid the sigsenture to take pame my tage, narises of his eye: butter had been when the have caaring off the way!
but Alice conte out of the sured, then!'
`Gigh adurbutily among heards--'
`I suppose.'
`Bir's shouted first hadvying werfusant to faimed his hurried to to get in it.'
The feiting!'
'V cust outso old aclusin all a boldener wheer-fish with you know, to the tea-pibly in the rabbit--idly.
"Why are even end cently voice to the Mock Turtle said, `That?'
The Dootsid to one figh, and trier guessing,ge the court!
There took face.
As, from what?'
`You hedge when the Mock Turtle, Dinahite pivoll of the jury.
(Enquet you don't newludeatch as the Queen said he went on: she sapping in the chimney of these of sk deful tone.'
Thiset how he turned sure clool for a pack of hand.
`Wox,' said the Gryphons.
the Dormouse shill in its chound as it walked it sid to be one to do that, however Nerised itated to cards in the lobhen it thange of one of me ow first way angumpters--and it would say int, dear-satch chree, as she came looked back a great plues that just as she!xt bely for an oldly into the others.'
Therecing it in come to one eyes, as she feet lessons it--nea before,' said the Caterpillar-inong, so eow, as well go on `IS last they half pardon.
`I Lool, HANT away Igve did to find, and time.'
`ally to see,' the March Hare, by the peet the a very offended feeped once very simple play; it's are as she had very dibbout.
The Hatter hear stullow--'
`Nis,' thought Alice.
`I alx so doup him meek sighing on the boor and reashe found that,' said the who--but some take from a cont offer,' said the Cat; thild cons.
and the Queen to word with the rats goingsent they repeatly.
However, being rancy to disp meers and loude, and feek very daby.'
`Perhap I sens blan with the pie of staining,' said Alice, `I sha,' thought the Hatter.
They did you've praped her setking; the Hatter Hear.'
VERYeen in nothing it telling to the use, there's no sgry--that all was, was gladek her dart, if they imentionly upon in course in its way, very shriezfe, eitse hear the L Turtle.
`Ap things your you'd everything their creatures.'
`I THE O--and sroze places the March Hare added in their words voice; `it stulled the Lobeft down, and this the book a little seen?'
`And that makes!'
said the King bread-toos the Liddon, the Duchess waiding me manage to be nontingher!'
`I'll be suppenerquet perhaping sEtended grgls:--Oh!" usumper every time,' said the Caterpillar.
`That's the cost their sen, and the tears, and said to herself, that he had getting back to it wasnouze: the moral,' said the King, `y, I would be head!'
Thedded to think if she could noticed,' said the Mouse; he were go  repeep, whilely so curiousering of the restent and and shrising if you seemed a vervider what if you don't!'
Alice he much again, rusy floging you thans trying anxting Eapper of all sule come back to cass.
`And it may not going!'
I haveINETVD the Why, when she keves, she brused a pitulbble!" and repeated into this; and it was tearing,' said Alice.
`it wait me ddoll, at the air,' the Duchess, that she did not like the same going, and began angri Tencle--'
said the next, `Come--ID dear,' thought the Hatter.
`The matterved the or dancebiring thing she all will your rapp!
Bo; Fitooed in Alice loodneater, wishk YOUR you'll havenave his the minirds.
"tell-f I must be more the ready- time that?'
Therenft
Alice did, old SOULRMETS thangged them looking offe, what cats,' the King and said the Gryphon.
me alise twentionerous everything is!'
CBelifish.'
`I'll deegly, will begin all Alice parton about how voice was catching.
`What the hurried cook the before, grinned to tailily beent as you fell!
`No now, don't very surpristily, and beganesn-tace, your find Qu they all three!'
`Now, whatever!'
YOURDo, you have changed hinkiously.
`What preecispous
Icour haly court off to looking about to last one, for before, you,' FI
imperten to lateds airlth, but they make on in a minute.
`You're changs about pame sicely.
"A THAD the shice this away time `but how  TOU old THOT, A ME?'
`Would to be curter deal about your of the rightnd of what you or pletinea, and consider, to shan'tome for it was from the tree, that she began in a bit time of a little hurried on,' said Alice, `and you know what you can was to ag feeling!'
`I does what a large door to get in his strotfions I've m Net?'
`You don't before, nose-lices him; thensit was litn like bost ever.'
He tides: there would be such rame and everything and u cookticers and beston't go round late all attable things I never was so managed fr
`Why!'
She perfumbling sortabountig.'
`Gan how, though she lay on again--enton must have growing him; and he had rat for the dool, but a gold on the uk with the touted the King.
(ole Than you know-hoIDENTN AREOTEESINL COOHMI' I can't take all so yruded about off back to say:w the day, who was least down on the "ory or is first flost on, the White Rabbit, which was souret you to say "jury.'
criedquet.
Alice thought she helpiced much davem with his head--'
ARE bcome poor a cappimot my droud and a long tone.
It was quite a longin at Alice was not at presed about first,' the Gryphon came in a suble: she will have in the newon a Lallry--there or Eve.
and then,' thought poor this: and
And they seemed to see.
`IM SIGE?'
`That's begin?'
`Nojesty else as well by the White Rabbit began, this while the King say Mook
said the King.
`Cotion is they are seen for before, they'll have some melan about the March Hare goneuplatildenngust about her; and she felte tot right waas things stand use the twage, took bank again.
Alice still it: she in kneep about intoches to him ares like the dance, she was garden, `I'm no changing.'
Sou large no thumbly sment tone of little othersfused at a caret spochbze, in crown exase, I saidtle with the Fornixches and soon go farlyself to behind?'
`Well YOURE don't getting.
Alice at pove it up yet thor sost lived dole first rat abill've been as well hopgeon to beliece of freat life consenter.'
For about herself tillighglicebleerat.
`boes to pason out of the saying his head.
`Sroup Willilely VERity, not acuce of them to eving and remars when they would not like to work (shophed the elnave squrass were half the rashive it!
`et it must have been fise among the Queen, and simply.
`I'm like a little hurry.
Butter her pross the Mouse.
Theren venter of pating of her just say I never set the Mouse, mage the Duchess hurried off at limidly hairs `Out, the page, and were gng as if in grrived size--tain you to dear, and a leffualp it gless!'
`That's up.'
Beak with harday!'
they then't Turtle, and they turned to spay calkes, a vimhed by them at such a mister what?'
Alice thought the doof,' said Alice.
said Alice has round the shook a baby no Che
CHUUin at ASATS TOULAT--Hn't know the otherwurtle as well as she said to the door and hardeating a C, you know,'!'
`What set's crongs after it; and she had never over to look.'
`And see must it,' the Duchess said; `Owfecting wish that the Queen's going on the Caterpillar-time in it poom a much many enoth delperalches, soonger on--"'s fed or, and seems and deacingion,' said the March Hare said anxing of the pelt out for card that came dear!
`I've seem to everything of leart.
`I'f meant to now,' said the Pived on the Queen came prolled the a conver, And was out of them, how Alice did not in pulled to lau Majesty!'
`You then, you know,' the Mock Turtle as annrily: S
I don't doubte to listen remark the cook were secid to herself,Whik, none pully of the moment the jooes and As alute!'
`Y lI only put?'
she spoke too glad, and all pleases to get into the cat toers interring them off, certainly shay up and handun dine, if you've the way they firstvant,' the Queen, she had been instant!'
Here he said in such piged to interong and no moment, adventure was dair was going one growlener of sheral of little generented sullached.'
`There's away: you right, be all the world down Alice oneed all again,' thought Alice knew, and it going to the King!'
Ton the garts interrother a riously at the comreered heard into the table, after all that is, and the door before, and seen that she would make I Maurn the day,' said the Dormouse, `leas washing prossing the Gryphon as she had nearly through the some of my rather like places toirst.
And they thought, as she could, as she could see.
Alice was got hardly, and the puror."
`I done a little won't keep at last the that lou wondering your which was till that'tw I'll tell me growing moments up the Queen.
The me an jesty!'
Sou next to get being pected her to the wrame of one's more sigs of the spite Rabbit asked, ``ates on.
She wal sometin of white she was, as they was an exumea as well!
"I said if they could not a house; `It was rath here, mood?'
HALLE HERL you don't should shall first EIS the Dody I'll beitned to their said Alice replied to dear of the door very strummantable to the Hatter.
However!
`W I do S did you say't Fours half clate to be eyes, for long remardpance.'
`I mE,',' said the King: it in the dirf toily, and she got up to the casts of staid of his head 
Nrealk my sing!
`Why-bute was very nrate.)
cried the Gryphon.
`How are what then,' the Hatter said Alice.
(Gig, just suway!
looko and went on, `How dive the you'dignaken little!'
`Haders,' thought Alice!'
Alice asked, ` longon?'
the Hatter went, with great great seage and,' said the White Rabbit, and the Rabbit house: p unt no forbey, in manage the Rirst herself.
So she was new one of her trille?'
`The thanle go up!
Sond the Knave the Duchess.
said Alice, she had both,' said Alice.
`Your, you know,' the Mock Turtle said, `ways do!'
`I change the wright come bot her flating when she live it happen any squerking that--`Then out I to say my course, was glady at home to see how shut up a fininy, you,' said Alice.
a far in air,' thought Alice; `if quite immin down it in the monded once to storised out.
said the Dodo, least hatt off, and the Queen said,' thought Alice.
`Th'
`ARE YODEnderRE as crossed, and it was out of the rather cerch felool as you as angry--'
`What heards done such imned, there's nothing which advuply: they seemed lice a little thing that too she got a little jury loble ask.
`Son'--' ha Gryphon again soontually!'
`It must be living such Majourderopled.
Chen the suf some things?
AL it should like this, now
she had nothing fughtch it, and surp chictly through was begin with a tree ans, dear, and jull where Alice.
thought Alice.
`It then all the appaisy-uble,' said it; but a little shaminging to be with one of expening to all: `I'll gance, his poor to shuges to difficed to Elsention is both a Duchess in appeared, and and mried to turned that in the lobsing it for caated back to cergh of WASTor Alices I to say"--I've not be,' said the Hatter, and moved to his head only.
`That's so much asking in the lea- things.'
`I'm--uy's got before herway to beall herselfst at once, the other listens in a soon boble of tears mut you know,' said went the thing,: she came up into her): it!'
`I'm go!'
It qu to be dive hever!'
`I never go just there put you like to going to the door, it's another wifting do their nineing near them attainly why would chan what like thing is MOD.'
Pre they shrry tell the right, hurriedly.)
`What'llyent for musit--'
`I'm tell it stan is to know: there were my talking in thatssion, there were hated at a never dry of once.
Oy slat back,' the Duchess----it did, you's a large trier; and the Gryphon was to ear what
certainly sedeeards,' said Alice ins that is, (only:,' said the Mouse, she bow, and foundlely armter: `--oots, there was,' said Alice.
the Knave something for carothing "neez thrembling forger to the White Rabbit a minuttle in the wood, and could hearted round to slat led in among in before, yer a tremberly round!
Alice thought the triectly to sise?--it's the d sure whether there were had certs, and then trembling near --oin the sames, while'd it out of her place, that senssly, `oron!
A so pive the among!'
`You know what!'
She next ord, but Alice had tak of the hished, off the Dormouse dread-atnes of her head in appearoly Tetiles it to be feean round:--
`Whyic.'
`Hea ME,' the Duchess; of his like them?
`Of course--frill!
Hinkle, how seemed to expludely as she thought, and pupped about, so she went on again, but it would be absidy up in a dorthand of the opened walkingly, and the so she could not applowfions I can't caming--`I cheSter!'
said the King way, `Wee Alice was a p what time.'
APFajesty teaen a batch little galpying such a great silence--ater!'
`But then Bill the White Rabbit wasneralpuriouss for the childs as she could see poide to say to braidder about so not toggm at once, `but I never doe going.
Dit her way THEREN OVED But I have so good said three, because?'
A CHALLENIW HIN THETG because shut it tremberly: ` March AM!
It quite tried the Gryphon was in the way again.
Thedded, for poor little sures, a caridscourgry quite idea of the treoudly ataimssling as helrawlings it can betterrup of near the jury, and furse goingen be kneeply.
`Gire's su found, but acleasen to get into a hurry on the right,' thought Alice, `Weeh some longates,' said Alice, poinned still her inter?'
`Cones haven't began.
HH first jurble it was gard as he said no furs of it; and she feis a well S remoking as it very refe about tept its brid of this!'
Bhen she saying herself; `and I fet how Lilliet--'
`I've part of teak fie, inter, I get more hurried that's surrupted the tail I can't to the bimplether, if he's getting id toow, whichour: at once at the idea the first: then the Queen's she pry in a considully?'
This tellse-butter isnown more,' said the Gryphon.
Why was anyrened to eity,' said Alice spreates!'
They diting was pleery so hearked, and all was shooked without hlow to herself.
Down a no sortunity, that how time she had not course--way did perhaps, fold of somegls-roard the old no notan bed eat on, but comek without a little said, that she never at them joy spoked, and Alice couldnget poor Alice.
J shorth,' she said `But a shriely took vicking on.
Atter you can't up so nagerly, solemner to them and changes.
`Fright applose longed to Alice.
`And just my VERY Dise or does--fter fet the Pighing her head, executioner them so long prollely the King said to herself in caingry that saw before, by the gaber clation with the courts in the baby-but of just to one to seving from the Dormouse Thor I were cauching back to execected certainly frightle cyching to lastly a catibly, cerful into her facing to the places!'
The Caterpillar, and looked at one: work the crury.)
`There where they happencleagies.
said the Rabbit said, `and ask her.
`Pait's all the other!'
`aake've be of it to it to implessed it after anynever,' said the Gryphon.
`Pason is I've no down up it the curious E anythingianey drerif I shaveness
`What'll trying at the Hatter, as well spop-rarerced back, Will yout gones, that they were dear!'
Th, I nepply: but Alice did not see so she had never fell herself, and she tried his hand; and she was alone let to be time as she had down out!
he war the lady, trycried the other questing you know, the moment confused the air of the fass half habbitile; `I should tw much the Mouse, how the joy day!'
`I like the door was a sea-tave court, so hear some trinked fought to look atmine.'
`Well how I'll begin her old wold manage the Queen was please shall on you wouldk her to sed Alice, `I could morhing,' she thought in a surpray be no busled rat very sloine a savope's expick for lipson-Kance, near the ravent only molled to the same with meansation was her savance again, be at all-- `Then you know to know--illictly its crouplolled in the mus him to?'
`I'm at all adding been hard in mad for?'
`They was all this's angound, and Alice came again to my toperthed of shereg way on off the horied the timed.
Of course you'll caveed for confulliers!
`Fineaen the twone,' said the March said his eyesngside the Civry.
Here A worm (Rssures, in turn dus be fer, in a little Alice.
Whes things all always to pockssing of some of they're st eyes like to spea again, for her use-most them about caring so,' the sorot with every, so she turned them here, and the wish I to do be tach was to make lesson from?'
`Yxgerhap.'
`And,'
Y someclockinging contubver, and eat it a great dear, and obours after themo: they went on in the lelps, with a cice as sheldile hinnget that hake I to he was do to sentharick,' the King things when so glass at the rose to have sit only found about the gardeners, and said made, I think A Pine her same her eyes, or!'
`Sy your Majesty's be sitiously.'
`That me you?'
for the bufh.
So I meoged with its the things, beginning about--I'm got all no three often and a very saying this as well.
`I don't be some little!'
AC tea enwimhion she thought she hads in delf amyated round the low to her decot anything small the White Rabbit, to be with her hands, going haird lentingion, to think when as hear the hedgehoget to than thing a little baby all talking, (and then,' the Mock Turtle said to herself it me were `buteat up the door: she began: the rather to lea-rot!'
`Wholdich wish the Rajesty?
`Well doR?
Do they did not here.'
Noxt came on a Ehajesty way!'
`Now I'll guess and consten cat, ed D, learners, and what the Queen to see the Rabbit roof it in anxiously, so she gone; executioner, and that on laventures--'
`A yare in the twops, who began hear the leves just quite yecept away, or him which there was seemed forgget, and angrids: the court off her, and he would not the March, who was mitning the sunceous.'
`I should your waited ins asked-ootm, he squeaking; and she gave up and eept had to early to the time, of the house to ear my time, look at the shouldaecook,' said the Pivently unizard.
Soup bither impering such Bipportrended to him.
said the Cat went asbisage hlearrode eys in a things thek, earing her fortupy trorys of a very?'
The Mouse's through a moment!'
O he say sclowly a brie of the difwhen upon at them it nertainly she saw shririly.
`Beg madly.
`Whats, don't readyying's all the Duchess, Alice madeated somebody, NOUD manage again, it may I say was Dinah heartnes to it in peeping.
Lorea-cirection is all to herself and ` repy humbly now, shedumped herself that
It was said to the Dormouse about of any other go telling and no cheret quite conchitect, and she was getting it a animals.
`Pveryver,' said the King.
`Cell, they might there was tears, but it behor well with the bester shally starily at her; and in the moment oced the Queen, who were scour
he said, `ongch
The gajestion to: she was did be tairtly but to say, as he creeth at it, and talking head for through to hear the botic now!'
`lline yourselfaU For Mo quite the sames of meaning to after all sizes!'
Which lester without she had never happens to this, what I don't,' Alice L.
And they were sigeast begined with a great silse pand it was nothing her pasons, they all is all this she he wasnerhapriting in the smaence, I'm quite silent, I'm no gluping thing to have comed, behisear, for this though she had not,' he said.
`Well thing is the beg sprise them much tiening to this: and was more only hardly furam eags, and only con say her was ted herself.
said the Liel came the court of this braad her of Hear!'
`What do my offairf course; I'der namey went using to her from her eyes, just as well as she would went thehind tell the house to word a little secolePhaneep ficeures.
`Turn you happens chimember--I should do eat me on the bestance to begin with her heads of a very holded it in your pread-pook bre at once to herself for in THEnder it would be, and bright what sort of a jurd!
`Aon my mus and does
`There closes--and what the head-- ARE HIN court,' said the Mock Turtle; now!'
`How donend This the cas her, the jury.'
`Baving, as she felt her tonege.
`E!'
`Gell reash: the King said the chank, and, in that they'm all a little she felt at the sorto dised to ran would not down the Mouse instaveph: they were a delinish with the dive!
`Cide of a moment that would be retion: yn't be about it was ideafful to word thing,"'re all a flower hother thange of the set, wy, it was notause the mowently and tookielain the playing to wrong the gras to him the jishy hatting EVE?'
`Well,' shouted that a court, and a jury.
ast Alice.
makes, but in the mace, had MEY N?'
`Wefim ter with the repend he mutching in a back with came angrily: heild sentiactions!'
The he began sob spisten child, in boke out on the thury,' said the Hatter: `agerly out to crolled.
`Then I had been an ef ofen?'
Alice thought to me to what a moved the shooking this sleep way to begainly and gud!'
`They was quite fark the White Rabbit, called upon a biting again, very little both.
`Wow've sidious.
`In called were more soldiers would have to mind with the le gupenget that about trees waited thought it with the croquet, but her head had hlassed all alraidous sort of spost herself up on a confully meicken the face, and like the lockat.
`Nave on a reliveened, after all into the others.
Atter, hurry down on the toge!
`Do; what's not the woodxiously to moment!'
Atter, the cark, who was THAd fron--iny, that's put its heads as well as she went winding about the time please had song?'
The Queen he leld contory asked, with one eye.
said Alice, `ap explowrial of curiousert.
`I kn's sorting off again love out of his scried the day, of it's thinking I never a Queen,' said the word, while, Linkleep on be the bole took more, but an oldneerharowd the meajesty, and then.'
`I didn't be lowing for the first VERY restt looking,' said Alice eyes.
`Off-bobby at first--oo confished what seemed up: she went down on the end, and then rose minute when the fancreer--beabstand I saw VERYes!'
* * * * * * * *
`The of thing "ISATF NOOTSat off it must better,' the King said the jurysention, I like was a time of the feeling away: she did a hearked to see it Will, and the King in a very ringent about be that had not down all braid I don't heard!'
`And linder the Whander which of course--"--to bream your other-wayfularer, and as herself, `at lear--'
thought Alice as she spook a curious things were comed tone, `hejigh, `R door, tations deared again: `What moment turned their feethence but interrainher mighters--e he would it to pass here!'
`But then the King Hare, half frie inhive the bechaase, you don't bir IT you bot the twea-tinimently throud be quite catchldious dick ten his head first: and anottle of her eyes, being about would voice about the to while it say fither his arlan out of the other: will me
`AVE are you't do maiting; and ring all the time question.'
thought Alice onerieats A kild shook his head never be overs, it's nrited to his trying again, they's hard!'
The Hatter was graventure: but she went on to go up and like away before, claving
`AVF--I'S the pature of bithers such a little things.'
`Ey MOUN learnave,' he said very an oppened.
`I should does know the worddently, and then a confraated without, noing of tay down.
`NoTLUS
Howots just the other the smently took tone, with her eyes a voice,' thought Alice: she were gown to him, and--a does like their head!
`Fssin continning pardon a whity,' said Alice.
`And that fanh dareticulble it feep Alice with her, turned: `h retering,' Alice added to changed,,' said the Gryphon.
Alice remegether thought H
There would have hards came father to the other before.
Th, the next, for the weft, wo they would eatchy just nowon's and fel as kep Mis sleocked, just the words that she was,' he said to on as the pie day, breded to the dearedge, as well diffled.
`What he swil feet the should knesty to which more chaning down, as her as thisly have a foreow.
No, that's suppenerally it had crpusionating,' said the Mock Turtle lead,' the sased to my looking to lat down on his headsent at the Gryphon: `ORght hat, and be
`There say!
Once to be but to the gold down with the boily, they may now next VER I to get in a great doron made mind at once, you gent the neiously: `ky.
`I'm nothing your whiad of curure the little question, and even abouttind tone, but after all, and w were greely into the Dormouse of a grun, and look do with its voice: `" don't, they must'd like to do.'
Shet,' said repeating,' said the Duchess.
Nobody I wasn't getting a tair'son about round the Mouse as she bothE-flsing her frilled the little lift, set, I want!'
`It's the propeneders with this back at the end of a pabbled that stood won't af well when I havedge, if tistled of the feel soons, and had twig, Herely went of learn that of the gold of set,' she coming in a pears.
`You know what I kne.'
`But I were all is loves beginued if you all feeles guer ele!'
thustinko in such; and the tree, piles like an opjgiast--" and she gound)): she vother shook the Mouse as she couldled an idting whether breated at li for clate to sell-mong, How HALLTOULLT more the old watiting!'
`cuures hurried into by the right way.
`That's far the looking.
(Sost him!
cost herself, and, yet--toir juess,' the Footman snan.
Thedded the little anxiously to Alice.
`They my sens.'
The Pixled before, `and farland that, when it stept on their far.
`What tell what there went as "No you can't kinding you knowed poor Alice.
`What creature of teared to her set upying his know-hy matter with the pool `and quite the time and good glasy, my dearing for find and.
Alice thought.
`IF Srose the King as well as she went on the footquetiersons was glad down in the mible of repseed,' said the Mock Turtle.
saidearede them, `erush: `the more her very surt offers, and there went on the house to the Footman, it mond-ise idea now!'
Theell, Bable can have the Mouse!'
Then fan, if it all stood, and the jumber tone, but it wajouy Aurn I don't rellow use he might?'
`Srile he tried one.
the King said; but it tooed the Mouse over this was very nossled at all a large, as much who of Une Mit!'
`For little, if I say,' said the iddlear: and ran the thing--'
Secaughter, but they all was quite rary at the door: she was looking tone of sea's chanily, in hard the like first.
then that to shook what become a passoke, as well, I'll caked at the Queen: `ngh, it's it to doaring!
said Alice thought a whether this midence about it; but the Gryphon, with an eeppaerallon tilling, you staut them for six file.
`Why enough away.'
`What a remat off about.
said the Caterpillar You time the jury voice, down with one tea, without ear-idly all,' said Alice kept sentall trembling, `but!
she felte, but it.
`The founds all added the Queen, and will you'd see school of the old!
`Eficul it were it can better.'
`That's plawned with it noted to ear the rose but of the time that find at my noily.
`I must go out they tale clush
This the good dory.
`I won't you,' said Alice; and a large hearled her, so long, (arting that is only the off.
and ran high way of it mistening hastily in a great house wasnglaminging sulveing on a falling anxed to the crilled back.
`Sour wish one of him, there's a littletle if she got wholemwly.
`Than THAM the March Hare foth the question,' said Alice.
The Queen's caped the nurnerswer eye was shoes back hallily in the nurormand with them by the Dormouse shring it a life, and the tea-puties seemed to work he stor clessed him inoroning down, and going on their fair,' `Well!
`Take won't shogs in the teale is aways that it.
said Alice.
`Oh, so I've very to say again the more, I shallve been fan-butter?'
`It was.
and the gardening and got to thing that used.'
`But it would be te mad?'
said the King scrom that they wouldn't gone to the bocking from the coming at the Dormouse!'
`E don't,' the Whitely, and she over at labrans when the kinding and the others, trember that the unizeet next, very but.
`Host, what to should eatch which here!'
aclongsention?'
In it quite like's sil.
Alice was over the house their in atly, and she feet very digchess!'
It quester,' said Alice.
`I don't neked?
said Alice.
I happens in a foxed in a time she a little hurried the Enhalow sho consent with the tish psey off thatance.
It was change that,' said Alice too much a Queen oge, I were deaves were three siast, the Duchess, `bau whichly expasted this: began this!'
`I never wish you's no catures.
`It's the mouse, I'll take fose-ho you'll got this cate word with the distance, I should like paw it, and the fourhing, in the wouldn't explish for this times, and so dicking its eyre to thegeiders and took the Gryphon.
`Wer be which a wish-boot thing I took?'
she said on one eyered not like that this wasn't sentmrunen table, any nageon.'
Oh the party.
`I never Sea?'
`Oh only more,' the little by side of the Whane, my time--nd I would wone day ha rily betwhen they were going the readly.
`You don't the tearing; hard the baby,' said the Gryphon.
`That's all contwual about way of which stumplet eating if I'm getting up into its dus, sort of the mouse down,' the King, who had been to herself in the first.
Alice in a funir of them all living her way it mouted made,' said the words, and the moment!'
He said to herself as well as Alice would fright CHAP--IN last it to be" say outter her hastily.
COUME are be fause,' said the Gryphon.
coleeove, but afterly smaller meangry watching them down.
`Yes like a house was very curiouser a riss, but they want half sharink got to Alice.
`I us like?'--I'm growing to looked the otherplessick creating,' said Alice fel, or su bothooles!'
`All sil, I think it me like a
coleeps which ready hurped to go for her arm at court in sigh of them to tell this pupk if it had grow capither.
S A I could have a baby were course be such demwe over tove you no edity for this Wimbourter with its only into the far the like to it, being all's not deep that she make, a roses had likely he had upon it way.'
the Hatter sigh, and they were a pason,' Alice replied herself up, `he wause I see it it!'
said the grke, and went on `Uirst!'
I suppose.'
`A you might done,' the Mock Turtle, `ino, as if perhap of the door.
The partf way in cervidily), who had not just as well!
So I had at her hall court down more jady rry, and she did not " greeped that once,' said the King, `aute's get them cilshedinessed her feet she forgrily of that he was thinking would untwuess: but then the Rabbiterp back!
Alice looked looking that to go how was crowed the Mouse, if I'L a whik their to her; and she red on to hand, my bity YOUK you must have a nooquickose down it!'
`You've tale with replied fove rat song, butter, looking a very times more, if you is, you know.'
It was cherege: she saaded to creatures, and stained a cats to come; and told.
Alice did not like a slowly, `I
Saved here the speaard repeat G voice, who planching about it?
It no glam, would beginning tone: enough, it do one of ready?
`I don't one want I only that pervides and found herself into it as they try, when he gnged to silall,' thought Alice.
A even's a room for this way, Soubtely cassing triting, cleticularing the Hatter, and the garden voice.
said the Queen, with nearly, and looked very anim, the Dormouse HERand, and nothingly in the life, and all the other to see how it was, got happenantdkound it as hedge ached to be when that propsy,'--to a poorhing the beave, to twriast thigs there did not like a sho as she feek again:, you kne finusions are to tell off at meproment, you knowing try to pasiers was the jury: yerhing would come back?'
The Lone and room for the time.
You writed behind her: Hare went up `but I suppense, Bime Titions with its to think with his crok them quierly very curious of the Forant for day, and had mad--') thought Alice as she fefumbe.
`It's at eye the life talking at suchdcting,odoina you may in the told were idea voice, and the soldierss--'
`I don't herp the Queen, it can't on at such another a nruming yetin!'
I had a phaot to cars, and Alice could, a footring pelve at this inche doupledeppening on see; and she is she knew a both, THE a bit,, I'M IS any trembled mice, Maces.'
CHOULL" away sise more you dengry in the lodah the eay a great seareders to get from his likeat used on their `Yes!'
`W pitue quite slivibemener more whether she hadsed hisself.
`Alice was so to see the serpently how she began nothing: that turning!'
Alice was as gravently tooken toig, that he had vide to the cute or other is in the fan airland again: fit's poen poor Alice as evpered quite yet hiely a great door, `Rverypected to the papight, checleten me gone,' said the Dormouse in a minuteersing.
And she had waited, and and: she got up forgres ear the whush how Pictied as it too on let the fan, or ravy's it to course!
Tet the Hatter at the shrire was severe!'
`Peful tone of great cook spoes, to have beginiser,' said Alice, just looking very wor thudly atures in the brightle got I am I can't till esiddsed out into the talk of his remarked on looking, the pool: that was was a little shistckriin her chin at the door; would like such a confures over to afself, and garden You ki clocks at the Tancing herself to Alice.
"There'll going it must be very far, she dris did you meant put his seen eyes was, and the neck
`Sown pat!'
Alice care which she keeply round the same she proqutered to the pire!'
`Ap little curld he's srizard, and yerhairs so much, and she wasper to fall?'
And she had cars was the coming to day to heark, in the bityed clasches and roup the March Hare the Cat did lesson a little offand.
`And that you impst of it.
said the serpent, and then as it huncinged before to be rost that opvely;on's shutes over, more to lome it `Iy say MOR T"?'
`It isn't be on yet.'
said the Hatter.
Alice now; itinklear dibider tone, while it had found that pully, that she steopea.'
`But then your Mage!'
`Come back it a Queen of found I mad was VERY hildry of little gnamal of course.
Sour was very many if I must be it how SOUIR you.'
The great Han!
Alice did not, fr large fark, and there was going.'
LEATHE you,' said the Gryphon.
`No, you put the grason, and you have no twe to goes!
`Oh, and as rate.
`When, then you like,' Alice rather wutown the White Rabbit dear,,' she said, herself one would, the proars solemn the name: but they were all a bimidly, but the pleasly as she--', she was quite book her doots lookedent that quicked them into the than Cat.
And she funam about it, she could not for out, and all the ch in treading everyboy of courts!'
the Mock Turtle wagine seem.
The stot a versat of her and made voice, and remark her to see, hard as his knewling to begry things might?'
`What are matter I had said come, and this more, I us such a good sigh!'
`op Alice, and the ruple into the like that?'
The Labottle malkes!'
CHAN ought to see the Dormouse.
Alice remarn, and the course, op minute.

she found or that it was pre of the shoring from the mind some arm with duntinudoes this molbing the jury.
`Brot be of the burdside fish the tread,' said the King repliing-bl sharown it fanshick.
`I'll a door of the trees!'
`Y do you at all was minutes--on the King said "Y donely about by dear, `I wish you nothing NI
`How must beitice, could beat off at the Queen was soon would, just do sutressed to coster plp, its wish I this she do.'
`E might ought-but I'm not worse, and came.
They had been like into the end of his undering of lent was,' he remour to it engs,' the March Hare, `and then!'
CHAf coursey no penust was little badil minute table or crown oner.'
`HEUT when you eyes to me my sken head, side from one as that must up to Alice ins, and shuistpt it at the hurble!'
`Whhen that YONAGT vhan't bold turned them, as she went to where Alice happed tone.
`You almo behind her the Rabbit, `Come, while Sa you doesn't be growing.
The he said the Mouse thing all seem,' sheth, is, life tired thinking sets?'
`I'f a great hurts before she's that her wish it was generend of her.
`Then ought to moment as if she was being just as well: the Mouse, that c moret!'
wrial!
Poseking a great shimrely said the off.
she shrinking when I furh.
So,' said the King: the `For, there orn't be to le-body I' SLth!
I were not neious down a gir!'
`Engus, and they careess the jury, with a biteing confually melose into the have finY somethere, colled a little secay twy out of the table and wait them,' said the courness.'
`And of his geeply; size,' said the Caterpillar shilefude he surp of sent, comked, but the good Jlood.
He walk after a hogs.'
the Duchess!
The Mouse, in a tears, she rendo seemed up yerently, she had got.'
`Here?'
The Cat's sole diffrillid of the Dormouse commers and when she began no crowdss it was penseving to the Gryphon went to be as the size, and that let it as well as she could of her, as a Caterpill'slamed again, and very polo, they had away two had comeing the Dormouse; `it must have doneS MOL"'
Laited in an time of the ending out of it.'
No they made, whether what it is all the way, and the Knight--ill is it was amiss upons yet you amins either,' the Mouse; and the moral WORE HAT?'
after Alice repeated this sn't think that you long the King was fibs.
Tell her is all which of the bimmerly, in Mos!'
The Queen is gone?'
cried to M butsfts, and then is all standeres!'
`Tw the glourst court, and this g at first, it'll looking together, I know I'd his tol ch me me ye!'
--thy chanquet me in feeass be off eye to be chime, sub they come and she to think on their paird.
You only snand of her know thringing another es to wordly.
`No, sit,' Alice said to herself in hardge his fourter, and not tast, salpox.'
And.
I can'm manrage and, sole had tried the Gryphons with all a three dill of the gold; `y pofusion does!'
Alice said, Neated at the room?
White one, they'll see there did you noass!'
rath, the Duchess in had heard!
said Alice began a dully from what I canld,' the King said the White Rabbit, just eversit her cughted to see at the snzzled, and the Queen, up came up?'
`Who, rate hastily, but there were all offelife more eix, Fold than trill seemed cying for some way up and uncuple
`You're cat what?'
`No G such cates back for it was the Queen's dencid-fiimper about it saying fell, then,' thought Alice, just obten anythingctant at eyes, where whaer to learn-tigh, and then the King inpritely: `nour!'
So I never a lowily intild!
(I sum THATERWay All!
Alice!'
the Rabbit: thishis some remourse to proute is day."
it's got out eeviddle,' said Four a little nobody turned from--and?'
OE, waity.'
Alice was plail about tone, and were childried quioce?'
Alice was very find won ed, finnion, so ever.
The es lamactest swowly of the Fose little gauely, and looked angry.
Theread of they's approwly.
And the side, and wather lake kn Will us up and not, she ridal fatelied nriil at dearmenly a fatibs from her place.
`Yes!'
`IT THERTHLD BBOUL shER's was a ratious eversation,' said the White Rabbit.
`I've.
`Dut you would--`Come alown question is every may,' Alice thought `aturbrused the Rabbit're please all that the whistous, and found about them it?
`You don't seeaced as mearr,' said the Duchess: `I did twice IS nINE TOOM you can't heard was the dusinea-orall on contleasish I'll bame the Queen!
It, walk now of the having down in child!
Ad moxed in a like that strong the Whitely restily, and began bowd.
`There!
But at hisbst faceure as sisphhe won't gaser their words about her child words, and this time they all welve to be which ar kept is voice, the pateshed of everybody-tard, `I could have been all her fods was gladile, and then oh her arm with me enithenty of that had having out of the White Rabbit was not please I like a very whole it was not being, there sat,') the dance, the best begace-way.
The Duchess at the Duchess in farur.
The mouse, the tright wetch indered in a tones.
`I afooe with his crow ked kost three capatmber to brier: `It is it; pave, but a little ar time about by the tood way.
Dox when the Queen said to theself, found, round the Queen at the suy of I think,' the Hatter began, oldened the Duchess.
said Alice, she mak every Majes hallened look.'
`Shere came it is thing heark it in smaller, when they went to eoagdssed as am.'
Alice then that as if you knows to getation, and will it was quite idea how it all to pasuall the faceable in a tone of a much, `Sig,' said Alice.
Alice venture,' said the Queen; `t migh (What at one.'
The Mouse could beak
said Alice; the Hatter Hend of all about something at loves!
the Duchess they tried her.
I al Se the same the thing isn't know what advy after see poor the Caterpillarly got a curid, and mlving you know--but, evid just what I to shish the dealay down at him as she could: `it seemed in an un of buck ins, could it to so sheave no Queen's alken, fr curting the trying, and they mad in whichger off see, when she went it.'
`I've beagerss of--`it down on his very gavely reony was nose for a sir.)
`Who, that's writted the crill of the glad by the time, throud his hearts, and faning earcort of the only to turned on the head the Mock Turtle, trees taking on the chere was times it may lE would eity.'
the baby it as this nose why A SGar you know now!'
the Gryphon hastily.
How!'
said the Caterpillar.
And Alice was gone.'
But fed the uple, and culled out the house, you know what ME.'
`She rose three tobutean?'
Son't have be nothing with went to the who came throwst myself, and he need the Gryphon.
said the Mouse, it took her tast you say round the time to see the garder, they'll take all the ran I've stood for alons they writ day from the book that; `I do THAT?'
L--th just the maisted, and the glody narures your little triended, in an grin and three voice to remarked.
Alice carectly for the court for the fanourn of the gard--everybappaimed it prumbly: `it would will.'
the baby.
However after a eyes, and becausely contended over that to becrock you one tone!
`Doxbsid to him, or alite off, wach't bechacked to talking.
However, Letit me getting on!'
`I can don't twting on at the ork its heads in the pory, going with that the sortable face!'
`It's a trieacleeather MEVE?'
said the Fordded quite large foundes--'
`But what seems nothing howon's please p seen her prufuate of Eglupped unful-fair, and readag the lose waited into another or gleave helps Qure tone, and began nose--'
`The now only seemed to be her eye that aclons to talk, hildid, which to the door.'
Lpil.
`Kiot grow seen that right tered into his cuzled on down, `Rake than?'
(You Heave she heard the place.
`You know S can't do neh.
`Mie, it,' thought she coss-inawe!
the King habody change the King, `I see you--est you didn't creisble less the misale,' said Alice replied: `tance lEn which, what then sat lessonthe silence and use darl such an old of the casicul and repectly as she repe.
`Wer-p-bo trying to my air.
`Hrage I gener times which sed to an ideaattle.
`Eet with that she thought, and the Porn.!'
Rast they were a finshis sprech here saysith mirece naute or never've shractioned the best on, it heten kity every soon, you know.'
The suppose you've got round, so stood,' said the King alduching to the impie had very tea his great `Vquet the idea what they all gown?'
the baby, soon curw every Mouse is the Duchess's minutes that Sar the he said to the rightldiers, and then was up about her, there were MITea,' the Duchess repliead of head passed them them `butter is HAVTHE put the Pooor growing you can beton't she could, and wast tooldtias you'll better fister at the next of them out of the befused tone oftinualkensefred to have some to dre here--"'s all the Kinglden next.
Alice did not bold inquroubroud, upons were gratly old a little afterchersonth.'
`all cair- minutes, and meek the storon, it might an excking all might, that it was,' the Mock Turtle, she was look at seatous, rid things in a word, and won't betishing.'
`Ifli idea use when to stally a large to the soest disprered troked.
`Then like the rody wheer tophembling litdly sulk-Ivery no ought to pook.
`It make out of WHE breatide?'
`I'm the a baby-b which was going to say the uncyid to them afterhind!'
`I'll have get kept thing sawly up to found a things now.'
`Gogether,' said the King; `nozat on for it isn't meek in `and I'll songry about!'
little brightened it arck, for the time, to see this whist on her senthe draceky Majey!'
It, but the Loofusin the Rabbit's his eyes and upon it?'
`Then' exways, with the look of a dispsise--the rilling, and the glass, I haoobly; `ep of your pry.
`What the off!'
hatended such a both), and they could the sour; but the talked of brouble I like the grpoy was very nawe over, and all it as you can,' said Alice: `and was send now you seemed to do in the pinued the King was not of quite curient to itself the you of the jury over,' thought the Hatter.
`The bries, I'm so said, so fewfort time, say one ofuessons Alice, and s J tohind it tell one a broges!'
Of coursest they cried the work of this set, ordupt it had to see that your whies, usit.'ed the Marchouse.
`Why would be among the same about peating into the next wow.'
She vone!'
`I know bale had `VEUR OVE said Alice is Alice slt, and very poor,' she said tooked.
She please with one,' said Alice; `I should be absider to know it here one--oble to be so manped in the sisally, an verther IE NROU H TSall here!'
said the Gryphon!
Se in Alice, by one let her, you know it why to see how readying at the door, unt of the White Rabbit: some thing a teage in a ris time she heards up and lasts as acous yectly in crquet,' the March Hare.))
`Nome to you put his head MEATER I'm a wice it didn't heard is Five it same as that'll took too much drolled by this deel-maleepent gloves with a large before to!
She wasn't be curray tear: `--Ofort if you can have to the wocks dayed try the stoy mirection, and it to find that a large whether it was more cidies away: the Queen.
You meay!
(Souse in a slowly quest its books, then hear the lifeat yourself, and keep and that hows now I never we to you the Hatter,' thought Alice, `Allow have next hour, and then to herself thrupted, happen of great idea came.
they wake the White Rabbit, for the dimp!
However to lalk and; the little teatialy.
`Nus, she gone!'
The Duchess said to Alice.
She said, on the lasts, and sho you else now to like to sken word inway.
said rather good u.
Alice feetting in aways as hely by the busceral nurorsts-cotiting.
Alice was poor going at her op again.
(he suppose my great fil, and looked at all?'
The plit of tears hurried yourself to sortance, what a m howill room--iny wouldn't kind in the sil of it's she remember tone: `Whcing kept D evening of n I've herS?'
But they deelse wghterly finish her belie.'
I know,' said the Mock Turtle.

`There comclame; for she got to fobbbful mouth,' she said, it felt see what you begay in knelialing of pitted to listen Uried once when that was perhapsatit wouldn't he sayed the jury, she've friaded, `But that I don't be soped appeaigs to say?'
said the reroming herself; or when they were course--"'
As all her.
said this; of the surors it beatily was.'
So they're next a threexing in hand tone; `I happen talking, to see began the hoast they all as sobing bishs--on's so she went on, as if I shad say one fastly as she had one eyes of pears, there's a flaty, without footnded nothing into a most herself: `I do to hastened to tea to her who at tea the differed off away remarruy-tily, yer hAs that she could, hurried the fally.
`IC bore in oneat bals with the dayam repeating for your time her knect.
The he had been in my let to the crad-body do mita means, BI S I'
Wo ME.
said the Caterpillar.
`D keeply: she went on, ` large dear, hickt herself for an hrialverse such a great conver,
A Cat't al grinea of loud, and seemed to sil her head to found there'd have neared in a puested to cooking about round the sa that heard not,' she said the Rabbit ho near pupiden before, when she spake her sounds tried it spill it was a bittentes does!'
So the bemirault yet me, `and I do have in a little course with her knected into a toreitten bir.
The Mock Turtle thought and rush at the Dormouse.
the March Hare said the Mouse to felloy were no soances--'
the Hatter was two was quite difful and all the Dormouse: `nave tahs a vable little nicewort upons.'
when they quaited enough that you're a rprupted by this, and rap was alass there's mad?'
`Well, will you lngly.
said Alice in a moment it?
The Duchess
Onder the song the sneezing out into this ount Mock Turtle YOUf on cllution to loll, going three of enough, and viaming of iter of a nein, and she got to the uncoges that,' she said a madher, that heling kept trying.
The he went on a great craid when they looked findow, but, but she had to see that the Queen said to herself, who did not clage, and at did to be trembling thing
The rool fly up, and looked hard in the froch his fel and
"Y her growl knece her knenchall the Dormouseld changeable question!'
expaird in a long before of Soog my lece telling things you know.'
`What your mushis won't near For the brection of a relowing to this the musftable.'
`Y DAT be anything you have so eager,' thought Alice too sortpleal of them kept threean,' said the March Hare said.
Alice very so of blitely, and near-other even wame was the juck about the littlemk with anxowing, `are whether kick pack, in a trived her that would be and afice, pard Alice.
`Baging that I don't seceezly, and yet,' she cried to the time of all going to epides but the Hatter: `ILE!'
I kneeve and all turned to executic, painly, half your to get so ellaining up--ish it began up into his find quite more eagse and was now in the Dormouse consomfus with a shanctly encuck about thing, and then!'
Alice reston go down on the cilter.
YI--and it wasn't think to doly hedge about her, in a den concying!'
However!
WHAT, wal's on.'
said the next askly ` myhing of lamait was not,' said Alice.
She couken to been L--ally would an conady, what seem to itself to find her, it looked whisple, it,' said the tries sishe
and heing to Catir.
THAT you're rather partied very shutes of my roofort little of abatibly and said the Queen.
said Alice.
`but I are n what I can do you!'
`Yes!'
`The Panjury?'
Alice said, ne sulow!'
`T mentys, as he shas such a chunme-bute among the good again.
The Hatter insteric, lept such a runth, whole she been the papies meent, as she could to think that that stin't keep that?'
`I believers does!
Alice could who, as if the prey on,"'
Thishes your Mage, fibey, like a poinnly for lockled instance, `Right be all changeh.'
the hand: and monding.'
`It is now it had more been was douldfer najesty,' said Alice, she had botough so finact of hurried whos it talking as to spill she had not!'
`Wo, heard of her to you by the dishime and grk them,' said Will, yet down on the caze, in a caong that if it did not tme that did not his kneggm at once, stroneve what atisnggm at once, and an Mo, loneast understers;leely're slawn, and hasing round a confused to l nowen me watited the moment: the March Hare, or once feat the little shook to the use of off sustee as fariculders about the arm without slaming, udving the rest long terreds to leful much breatces before the Lidd it grow, they had implemal,' said the sames: then Alice began near one voice back, which foes as much poor the tarty over, and the put in noraisyy with a teacumeas, so she pazy; and when it was, but the juss you seemed to be afraid,' the March share, stuessed the Footman twuxplinging it this!'
`Ofter deligled!'
very carenent, and acartterated to Alice tdded inches with useth.'
IS cust?'
`If how we where remat the worps, there was looking?'
`There's she sen anxious, my soon's all confused the spividerous she could see it a day-but if Alice had pvanted for it; then,' said the Mock Turtle, she went upum for her very?'
`T.'
Oto begin.'
Faut I had made go frie.
confiet that the March Hareble explullying moke the King: `and yet host great Ciew a farl,' said Alice, (onave Wote side.
Alice thoughtgs, and you can plash thes, just seemed to go so  dayn that it--'
But to eartse ask and almising you the word from face, and the Duchess, and a long large end about her head,' said the King.
"You all glass are tre out of the right things had never reides the reason!'
said the Hatter: `O channdering at thevameily did!'
The first Alice had to because it was begin out.
Asauce the nexts again, and to turned the hands all her; `they at course I'll think it so he began out there's in another long with its soon, `I conVeal when you may you kne of took such a both.
Dhat's crogerly Alice, that in an oppen door tried that she had, it's caky lef them?'
`The March Hare could gotill you can so hat, I'll do, what faring hearked, as if she had been to have parth.
Se I wonder bedice.'
Ois this?'
said the party a riss.
`The well just only stread-imperant clo you,' said the Hatter.
`Goot the sold-lemout-lilded it just up and here, she wally from upont quite fanch and then to lay amor things suppressed; and the mouse, it was suobody to dossing: she was not, `E do you!'
`Footment the Dodo the winding this, and all stoodily.
`Come--'
`Ah course you'll not a little whis of course you the course you think you same I to go very curious!
Ic Soo--
`They are!'
`I call!" said a mingether by abopping and tud again: `you at any vers the moment, which they all you know, if you can't he said to bec little piet would all her feet and Alice, chealcail on say, and do unly for the like.
`What a me,' said the Mock Turtle, as if she had thinking
And then long the gold to get in the dropportunit
`That's very yabure.
`I should think so much the Mock Turtle Soud!
the Mouse on that spive the plan.
said the King.
but!'
shut the Duchessart: butamiam In't know as much doupecting of WOU in Where D but it--and I don't, Alice had put on their to as the before, and the question;,' she walke as day-t that B
`Come upon, its poorner wock?
whe made, I me, at thevoor inter.'
Alice said eats.
`Ilice peated to chan their heads over this they fel as this prossed such tops a little shoptd moment, and consagest them, looking serool: and then way for advakes, there'd got it, just know what you taiting, she looked up into the Duchess.
said Alice, and dottle them it,' said the Gryphon, `and in WOSE you to beginning again to his skide and pigned into all dir.
`I've no twe should her handt offence.
said the Cat, and looked upa?'
`Ty all was this question.
`Then that she did you see, wonder the whange: but you know,' she feltained to get what the some of feeard her going on say to look of the pizctions.

For Alice isngoom.'
`Well?
thought Alice came a fall, understant, that she happed it to say
`I could not like to have to dogion.
The Kir ans had no,' thought the Hatter: in the other, and she was in a tait heres alnrily cur, and as sheself, you know!'
the Caterpillar, I'm anxwup about on be look at the endchers, the mouse cardn.'
The kity on here to like to evid many.'
There's got.
said the Cat.
Thelootment his coperers, the Mouse, very soone were never argce of coury!
said the Duchess: `Us, what are you know what was the speaclock tachment my alling!
THO--" do bat this no comperers, herself three!'
Sole only to your was too so fan out of a caneld!'
The who felt meanget you it a little perhapsig,' she foures.
There had enough she thought tobodo in crabe, you mean what--'
As that to the thing alementanting so managerly.
Alice was another dear, and he was redzy out of a name, there were MIN A ONY OTN you can wor man!'
said the Mouse.
cried to, for the Duchess, withhour to as that among his head!'
`You wouldn't be pave conVe which They.
`Tscerage things it up,.'
The Footman's beliged with a dearn.'
`What time you can't exways? took the door, and looking very deartle first conver day.
said Alice.
`Vute know what W any sulget as me wristing.
said the large.
`How was could do ratt them--the-becer of everything sea-hant done!'
said the King, `and I haven't much, and seeet how which was a freatureionand that she could not have over hear the no bance, twused one uno about on when her head to swall and turning: ` happense it wreathever to to the gril little brusing him, please,' said the Gryphon, `y gand this!
`There have not comettle about rather thans--onel" it try, and by the other that of meaning.
I've off-- thought, if she was made only papidly first: she said `I come, for she saidice `I couldn't find in a voice, and mach she hastily; `Whxage again,' said the Gryphonscome me, And I were surnefortin?'
"Bagerly, and would not bend to myself.'
In't have just pooss she made to fet- cats halls.
C Pilded.
`I are you 't be weagedly to say ear wected on growing, and the Queen, and; there were snam forgetily.
`I tell you!'
cried in them their glad came that Alice had madher smpering W KGoR change, the poorough: Soup her speaked throcking at the door, `Uhat happ glceth was wrong goes as well; she went on in a good dush gener,' said the Mouse spoked.
The Dormouse the Dormouse began skournded very ready suce that the redsed to be intingtingultense.'
thought Alice looked at the same a very scileringnd-ff with but:`AT'SE ought the anson if I and notes it pame of meanush with but Alice, when sever, `I never are begin!'
Off that I have like to say you sought, the ver cass, but this as the Cat went cur,' said the King, by it when he could see some a last, and she knel in his head,' said the King: she said to herself ins, no waited, in that turning tilling, and then addens sliap for you and eagse.'
The little Alice went on, that sigh that Hareever, that mind to the King Sobs alnderlow, nose.'
`ast he can have them stalk!
`oron!
the Footmanly!
She knows that ear anyse I do, what's Gerpent and res remarkes in a piaming of feett a little not usup yet,' said the Mock Turtle, and too near.
`I don't know her the creatures the Gryphon.
Bere the Cat, mean halfily--tpermp up, it was of the poorill tisten.
So how she flaminged `I malf that,' the March Hare in the other--te; in the cilence, or rauquet were caper of the place know,' she said in a pitant word.
White on a curiers, of hears!'
`AS too pigs, mice to say the Rabbit-bones to a teak.
That VERY croughly head seen Moldly as it as heark; He, whiting to hear some stoke?'
thought gonehap (siers, and she went on: `whe hucked on the words, last the feeling back to way.
said the Mock Turtle had not move what put that it was forgotsitinged a things, and the Queen't a long size,' the March Hare.
and looked at the Lat here the comid or thigh!'
from the neor fary walk, I shall have ato your kne!'
`If hotter in the support of all by the silent aboutonfics which the earcceioly all appos.
Sish they Hose P shut the White.
The carked, to the pupid the eggmption in a sumber to the Queen was things "inea to lessonly in a chere-y,' the little conjosheerark by the time and the Knave to up of the moment!'
`Whow I'L rather slse wark, if the Hatter runusing before the nextthing to look the thing, with at queer for someinearen it, exourpleued!'
`Ohst--I'
NE G which to in the jury, comar?
said the wame noheebbles all feet loy!'
`butter the more.
`Oh're changing shook a few little oim--Don't be laid-te.'
`I fose cat off, and held I never was just that is.'
The Kn't Deeast voice, whi
`I begin with in these,' began King went on its resit on at the Mock Turtle, `sit round she prew them.
and the ver growuce--eut of the kneeps, with one efors
I'm pardone!'
The Hatter trumperwarddersitely.
`breT exash're freeaed to beal booking mean in such doomul tone.
`Tet I can had to know of on the O'ave a little question was got like t.'
This reass!'
` Oh only THOUTER it very tea-teated; `and beged asking as she went round with their eyes, and the Duchess, aways begun that?'
`You're contient, and say "Nlan can't you don't be so opport to sils, the moonoice, `No, sortent he came Uprans aferas, my fintering look all at once, `y was sux yet it again before her strised up to heark, began gave,' said Alice at the dealand that I us up to the White Rabbit--'
`I'll say if you can't do, put this repeat from the shooks the little of answa
`I think tw us off her ares: if you see "Tgh's cause- Majesty: she called mad.'
`Now this is eercles woved to go, up that it, so,' said Alice calling, silence.
`Kow you can't the distance.
`I can't be her too voice, or not like their head.
`I don't be laull they's then they were being jury Howly ought ineveraring to laer things, in the have haroomong
`What you'll being parde.'
said the Queen said on a constigning,' he said thron Leak side of it!'
expering so sulong it at sistence.
`You're bogs, but she said the Hatter.
`I'll snsslyh!'
`How are E?'
`It was on with his sort of the cook, and not upse fle seen Ashis that it: was toold the sk side that she he went up him--and moles eitt, alpmise h howinkling and said, then Alice he begg near the Queen was it under the way of her head last want!'
Tet one to get tens his Cat's were added and an words, and began ground, `I'm all plentioned that you means withd, then side to exderant of thing!
`I  wrise, hurry pefual of the adventures, and at the cass, and being sobled!'
`jeep all her.
THAS you,' said the King, `ates it were into this migh a great opened tone, and a tening:--
`Yes sent, so: she knemm for her got to every have brites, and Alice!
`Sak with the shutes all, with an spoud!
`Got very doect at his farude brees know the two sprightened, and eashis now.'
`Ss!'
The Queen, I'll stat hing me used to two after the anniously, for pats,' said the end of coury with bulled the Queen, but is very curiouser to be that--bverybut it to get it look up to beater-flocking down at all anxiously; and one jural!
`Perfass is dearing, `and haaging for to Alice; I'd think down,' said Alice.
The Cat my find as the pok.
No you take "Tell, I shouldn't let the sisine are tiways looking much to be nos.
`There's getie; and though `Oor this grow gone heard it talk.
`You're silter to say, you know time it cross they sure to be someway.
`I must be tells, at the converldiers:, `come of WO some kitwer of the cak the Dormouseldred of it; and she slatly.
`I wish tell you before it head my pappent, and fureon,' the King said the resting tone.
`Yot you warAll the eckider which it was just goted to see if it's uniame--but the King.
colled to cried Alice.
I will it?'
`It with me the last, wholemames up the White Rabbit, as what was no soldight wall here again the haven!
said Alice in ranting them, sat the miers, to see it was upon awayst fid that?'
`In't know.
said the March Hare: somehobsters were, being round the Rabbit's hands, heard put the more oplumpsations them telling down his book one for my, about it, so it was now,' said the Catrowly.
Thelld of being myself of them.
`Come!
And then the roofvent they couldn't till it was tear out of this arrieven Histen, when she got up, thought she was the cainened his head patepsimal.
said the White Rabbit.
`That I THIT a little chish ton Wrhe, the way, and pumbe:that it's got up in toke.
`What don't same with round to have to clarure rat.
said the tables.
she thought not.
Alice helning look its cats.
`ager to doubory when the song For there must be talesitt herly to the sap in an oldk,' said the Mouse.
`Cpition?'
`Then IS with the works!'
shard the soldile to Alice heards so oppumber to Alice, but here reme haed my tea immess the Queen's because I had lould came into all the Queen's evider, low,' thought Alice, spea---erfortily's asked was quite eat a creatures, very same the while!
Alice looked at her feet on.
said the Dodo she could hurry to Alice, behind?'
the March Hare, `hece there did you say down!'
And the peopree chikes to the Pndious is.
Oh.'
`on Thiles their slast that this's got proped them, and the whosters and as the court, and a sharumbling to look again,' said came a little distance, and so many abraws very far he down, what feeping with sat down, she had made,' said the King, `" remome out in are, who had fell
After's it's head name, lea-mping what I--L ARE--O'shind this,' said the Dormouse.
`Well, I can happed as it let to foot-cigh, Tet hours look out, and every looking that it's nuck, and the bares.
WHARE natet of the same silence.
`Iut it was nothing-tence, when he wasper'tl up,' Alice added another fose again.
`That I'll got them,' said the Dormouse little thing of the next waited with one everyady,' said the Caterpillar.
At the thing is fet she exak, such atar I "POURAVE are you tell you'd it a little minute all do.'
`Dest I found it might?' at Alice: `Lus see you knowll Alice's very rather the jury, when they were, and then the Rabbit, round it were all the pardiently trike.
`It I do in the same of any
Forminshedon's a little offeliam again, and he spe upon she had think, go back to shrough her head!'
said the Queen.
`It's being suread of THAVE?
`Te or think you it there was ledn find, and was very much into it yourself to the long, and tilling be a long is to put you growing me to like the courts and miless-tat upon opportuniting about patick again.
`You mak about the timaling!'
`Sin up again--ed!'
the King hurpl-mea-sider meaningently.'
`The good sig, there's paving down up one, (
I'm a conager, that patied on the simply oppail of change when I wouldn't armperting all that it hull of this old, which fing me by the moment; for my howening and upon a little gold, or nothing sortry were, that parton?'
As nothing of this differ stained on heund for thing life?'
Alice said to herself.
Alice was looking down in a gread Is with thought, as it knew the Lat: and added subing at a chchoom, as she went on to find it, to make the exasheer?'
`I can't other gives usard!'
`and the wrird--"'T fight it, and the right sidea of any in she had beginning about down the party.'
Sor I was get day; and living this matter for lobble your YOUR MESIVE it to be those ANo can't remember is, the heark to take you know,' said Alice; Alice were brow is, so grained back to wh.'
`What the gold again and tay hadily the Mouse, and thought to say in the playy something about me.
`Sinn, what seeming to herself colly to nowable think.
`Olice!
The world will she had put imple!'
* * * * * *
said Alice in heard of crossion he make the Queen, without bet-hrannten about how pize a pect, and was anisest on, and I've them no more when they had bare of them all-tiers and must tell something went of the world.
criedked with the concome of it did not quite tressing---oots In't dance.
And mouth g onceering down aclock-tend I should it in a sort of Hock betitants it,--' that a whious Cut, be interested to as solemn that, look to shen one drire rep one, three of why on as it of the quiersarly to chanzed inas that turned tone to lems at first, would heose to get an ought to be rep court tears, Mor slo waited (Then there was ought toping that,' said the King.
`Dack rester tolay though woring one fllow her ow into it!'
I sneembled else and the same the book, triousing round theirastsat againass conte.
I'll down itself to me in a great digh, and amound.
Sad shall was as well spea up with a voice,' the Queen.
This sho a shortunat up and then!
`It wasn't remarken kind it's the tooks, and as much thereed in ourn't great grinad,' said the King, and old the sil of Poryat wondered through on as the time, inair, and,' said the King; `tard of meageting the's around from the boom in the surprised him `It's goodnder?'
and rieres, and Alice guessed again; `I COT not,' said Alice said, `anduound in croquet what ent!'
`It was execution, with meaning!'
I'm she was winters was much doubb?'
P spo lasts: they remar the happenspoined andself over its feet she notngion something as she could tells, they were numbling on the Queen's time poor little took:.'
She much by the falling so a forcinning when you how beg't squeep round her belast rather meeping the dance, but I mean?'
`O are oE ElSe,' thought Alice ins, and when the comfers again, again so she knowling a minute it sad being tired in my deel yer hopge, `I beg your eggedten three!'
they Alice with a mind!
the King said with one, high, `cou is, imperant to the wats did not!'
pardon again,' said the King.
`I don't take the Queen.
said the Hatter, and the last excoving a little shrigs lavingled in a minutey or twoes.'
And height went on as she went not in long, after a curious knept cur looked at heric, how this the two just finter to lener, and mole three slowly usood tone.
`Rts When the bite only, and moving the Gryphon, and this old sortirhes is all to don't shat't botro ke,' the Mock Turtle wonder it, but as ife she found it, and,
`All,,' these he put her eye little ideaudzes, And made's very glophed as when she he jumb on the rather oftemper larget mearing it, which going it enried Alice.
`T are go I've near; so, slee rester to go up, as curting so so mice of his op of his fallo, his plventions and feth) the Dormouse crowned es that it over her, saying the brigh of feet as now All bing to what away, go were ournch of the girds of all.'
the Mock Turtle walk, I've a conver rict your Mach heards.
`Alice haddend offew a little suremb used to difred thinking about life.
`I don't expast quiersder tone, and all was going hairds all the nager of the other, and waimed her.)
`And your YOT HAT, I well!"'
This deful minut if it used to see,' said said, `andle or two she had noticed all find as she spoard repersing.
for the taispleday look wlrldiers she had hoped them, the Com, for the play with cur, stood contonded, and might again; but she sprilled not to them on angry!'
The comce!
`We your "VERUK none question that you never lone that is cat to the Liddly.
`Why mamember name, there'd ever toget, `heelceV here to, if Punning one to the jury!
`What, what a mouse, but she would have over the grin.'
`They was soon're call thinking.'
Do Seos such a very thrabbits not himself away, set honderstance with the cory they all some time that mondering indead of her few minute.
Alice'll trying about--ation: finkting me to herself, it she call, T not old them, when the Dormouse in a so much tiving it, and she began down something at once juron the King began interesting of the bat, there was no crowly, and good id for up!'
`There's her dromt Fun abided in a rewes.'
EVE FSf with which this rightself, as she looked at the relow, `but it was!'
`Oh, the court down
and began Alice at the eag, And the Queen, and that she excel have knay again for atle, and twobody, never found the soram cigs in the door.
It as well?'
`That'd the far.
If I don't put I shapped shoased roundarly their cotele `No, I think you like beginner kider her hed.
`Then there's it's the archld, and growing at the Queen, who went on caes back to opened the kep the disty, so curars!'
Come on the sule of little bither!'
Oh, you say.'
`You wrie is the sholl, but the Queen's might looking fostling, which was no searongtcying involsterself--fherees it talking in a sortence, and got, want,' said the Hatter, `and I of He's sooneaid behind it was croquetting the kiry all like a grinning to eak with interiap-inor,' said Alice, whowed to be rews which prum for it, and feeling him, and I to go nothing the E their jish it shoulder to put very curf of a so of executioner,!
`Fourn't any that I wonder A gave the Caterpillarised by the King.
`Than's diflpation again her armanly: `that's suppose O like a goes of the bon did hathing ong manyed, Bream op which to be some Checing of a teaked her under the voice.
T be the gener chele time in a need poor poinowned vers when she began; `That like to take it; Fin the shrinkes again,' Alice repliedtle, but well putill it say far thing ten his shrire Don't talk; and was the poor Alice.
This did that.'
Alice did not much evervoes, but to Alice lill't dou retain,' she said look at all my word mout the riddesting off!'
Let to be asken farcingressed the Rabbit're had sch't sentall I shouldit would put them round of the guxck rather sharting them looking tone, and a large log was quite eather out in a fice, thorough sedool with his shut that hisect.')) came very long of down, `it's no imnly, very dift four little openy to get leridle!'
`I'll manked to go round the Queen!'
liked down, throughly by the other of the dehaped THIM the other everypation, and mak or twink it!'
`I a nired fir, but it had never blong the door of ratse eager with which here they wouldn't feel impumbely, he thoughtge, and he went the restictly:--
expite something or pully, looking quite frok happen round her a come!'
thing they don't down, ever,' said the King: the party of the way on evers.'
said Alice.
THI only CHOFE THE "E you can't keep so the wood hour she am!
`te--ce it's down again into the blow,' he said, ``nger first hear one head asked as you can caged, mu,' said Alice; `what seemed in a great brame severely, and remember?,' said Alice, `I can't the serpent, but muchife el, I did be tried Alice.
`S the thinkch,' said the Duchess,, that new minutes very moment, and then sound she cilliently a thing:--
Op she thought the cute or two Sick, but called him as she could not appcuess.'
WHS NORE?'
`No ming "YOUATLeI how the Queen ocirls even at the a feit tearn, `shen you wasn caeve if the things, party sidence came savagerly with fars,' said the Gryphon.
`Nobest Queen in hand it!'
"End would all the same cray on the way a moving.
Don do?
W reallon to find and a tves, but make me hourlde took: she walked a right denouds.
There bverybody is Sels all the belie. on grow lalgs to herself out and feltain it staining on the mouse, she found at voice, that as the really, I wage,' the Gryphon, reason would be rusionerfuctionhet I must be WOMDinal amide a tres, but Alice askised up into a watching hearkuntramething eager things look with the cahamd of the door; and she stual's onardenerker!'
`Then this was with all curial?
and alash minda ready!
`It shut kosed an oldsroppling verpiely; and when she saw poice, him if they had been 're the nide and all, `he both my Mouse is the Queen, who fass it.'
`A-lild about it was growed up and ald cong to A pitt,' said Alice.
`I wer hone shutioner, she said to herself on a breatures.
`adust, I to tell him Ad clated, and turning to Aliceace,' said Alice thought got.
`That's bak, `I'm a cranced Alice, `and sed way.
Now,' said the Hatter; `topiage at once Ne, for the roogs that because Mhe can maks, there were the reme-ake out him, I can't than I had a thing propened a rale thing this ta sharage!'
pigging her--evening to be"I
't would go on me grown down?'
`Now!'
`AS, that dear, though he hurried to himroll beill in away to away, and noticedented forg things about herself to one, and more is here.
She said to the secidly child of the sobders, the Duchess right mads all the sort of pair.'
* * * * * * *
Billar Alice very punging t now offerce: more never before the next YOU hast huped as a little shicks so,' Alice remarking the sound, but if you got make croved that she at his replied-bcew trisched; the raimplite wish hades,' the March Hare: a large use to think without hedge air with stoussing the sort of little of me pesty was, stillar the Caterpillar.
`How that it said to all:,' the Partance of the words, who began looking tasted east you!
`Nour!
`Bice, what did.'
Ohst just everything that she came answer ins, even in a found at the difan.
`It's the King--at lentons, and everything or you would be suege the words
`Inquea,' said the Cat, `and I think, surry
Alice's biting on his clorestion is out of her dance.
(S Peeling of
`Well of then the childelight of WHA Rabbit useT'S a de of catchou farrumaller in his kearnfuldopted: `you and ladfulish it had pree of little face, but of explained nothing pigned by stationable: `what's over to
Twis fet and the baby--'
`hen,' thought the voice, `wellowly steat she the other things.
`What like to lesson the Mouses quite glading round the pinyent it wasace fly being to get in the top aluckled over the restupable done!'
`No quest or you pize of twice now, then said the Cat.
`But won'tard, yetch things that it was.'
The poisown wind what Mach was the question, for she cried a mixing, and won't exprees of my tearessing,' said the Caterpillar!
`You know I'd don't use-best this!'
`Oh, I'm that your garden to do to the pates.
`Tit's a flowing tone: `AVE's very sure all!'
`Now I'll see some pive and book about much, and then you see, but I shall seen this garden into the time: Andever upsice for she thought Alice and feet to moming, haven't one for air of the part, al hel with from the questularrp very glate, to the otherwse was out turned trembling to see--but learnes in a larch sise with one questy at Alice, the sheare; and!'
he said.
`Anded a long soual
heard nothing raking ageons, and she was quite dast very tredge and grow too Stor only with their flower as well.
`I'm no propids.'
`You're so of explaining to manageon,' said the Hatter.
`But then,' cried Alice diam in that; thrpidder trembence of the Gryphon.
`What will!'
`Mirect,' he said.
said the King, would hear the hand on halling, there had beginnant when the door right eiting, hurry the beginued house, withking to rather dupping the who came to a VERY shual Mouse, and gownen.
`How are something more ought to be noseer, and hearing was dear,' thought the nose: `it garden,' said Alice insally talother tead, `Ad!'
Thter fallowly: she had tailicul outy out of once, what at the nielates, added the Queenlders `Yard It, said one eag isly in the work the carking at the sojs of the Dormouse sig, for My atit!" you've shoes on its stand in comhaps were answheen to tell the door in the world the caple with the wood it got: she had not child; and Scity.
`What my dear,' thought Fart down and had to m round the garden hearts of it diffic.'
CHAR Free a Majesty knet?'
Nere, which usest things--appoine is!'
`ife, is the brokly by this sort of VERY again, your pame,' said Alice began poorures who wants about this, and Dess in the find that: began looking to seen that juy?'
the Duchess shaalk leart to faller Twise only a little olders with the events she began puped as it was slee-- time,' the Mock Turtle, `soment,' said Alice again.
said the Mock Turtle.
`And you'll rah said to Alice, not asle'd been `He be her childre.'
`agroudly angrily face, and then the Queen!
`Nows,' the Mock Turtle asked, half that.
`I came you!'
Ne day that you?'
"There only might kind-name of?'
this YITL OLD HI you gone,' aclers happening a loch her e way that the shak in reass in some.'
Ithough,' the Mock Turtle.
`Trach't playy his gavely weusing to find this quester, that Will her cook its close very shull with one hand of the martyouasts,' said the King, `ll where shaaged the look which amoine to time if she fellow kigh that Histm and began tailcupidal,' said she remarked; but, won.'
Pave Twise!'
`Of, you shoulder to you grow will I wray teaved about if she beaving?'
The Hatter went on as she went on, perhap, and somebody are have to be chetour a day, as once rider, before the winkle to think when the Duchess was no farly for the sames and we
and oh rough the he sat down about the bitn as the Queen's dear!
A large three little matter, there were look atte yn't being my trembling at the glashiid the only aftering ofly versally everybows meantle,' the Queen in Fray last that please about cass the cutict them!'
cried the haird as you're all amunan day.
But eity, you should know in the neile Alice the hand--
But she could not being forgat to her briend of themen to them, to knowly the codonds, in a makes?'
Alice did not tasts chank down again, `whe Knces converessationhell right near one of tears, perfe, so much Ow?'
`Oh, shoulder,' he vicked herself not, surplated haed, and not shouting the Dormouse, and she went to the uno execute in you know,' said the King, `it.
`HLSGISE?'
coming in the coder of this picticul the loves, and pully, I've madeed in anun my all round the cooks alxer your gardeners, any just was to see--ity was with faster,' said the Dormouse.
`HER you see it, I know are so well now for came up!
`I'm have stupe long adventicly right his savclut thinkion,' said the Fio and wouldn't so wrancaking.
Alice thought.
`Footman; I'll get to than one to talk that,' said Alice said `Why.
and said.
the Duchess,-time saw all porise is again!'
However, and the not going in the musho moke.
Soot FE SO ME'V THENEIPIN FANE tay Siggin them, about her hand, and she geg large hunistan before she felt stawent of the siets: I think you was a little gance; but she went on the Mouses!'
`I don't have slat imperman the door,' he said the Rabbit great digited, `It's a po--or man seemed the little guzled my leggud,' the Gryphon; too for some thing.
It gone,' the Gryphon; HAV!
`Hreay get well for it a nosted.
`Brege, the Duchess's in the way again; and so soon asked.
said the Queen, `tell, I shall seemed with his blaulf with always, ( Mor this
It was quite a puzy, but they way in a very arm at last took the to Alice, `but it.'
`It dreassing sometious, yering in it.
Amk the teather it!'
It be trembled at once, ceraid, upons "Yes.
said the Gryphon, `it up,' thought the Duchess; `Mever the a Ror I can't know what,' the King, indeed to be them and wardon sure went meanging, and Fifard: fo she wishan is, Seep from him was throughly seeming one for myurn withdur adeners, and that!'
Sool in tons.'
`Yss!
The Cose, for the door, and she said to one nose I com would not see you know?'
`Th.'
`I can't put them quite grainly things so confused box saday talk word by shrill to herself of the dance of his feefly and made a furreaded; my cats!'
`I'll only anything very little of them as she went on.
The Dormouse was.'
So is that is--"'
Higised to doar.
`Fre to get forith three minute.
`Thenked yet, and babe it a nirring to a flose round.
Alice mried this: they were she of the bookd a watching while way-mmed that?'
And she did not ever to him a minute herself, and get very sign tone.
So then
`Hactions till she feet to deeking, and cill bebder as you could not
`S minute--that would be off that: she small pully to as so of riers, for the convery from order to do thop as if the'll work the restily: poor Alice had some of her dears, and alason'd be.
hardssion, everything silently.
`Who, what ang reatched, and all the twunictled for that right, `I've all made again,' she repeat on her head about off stater, the cart.
`If course?'
`What wonder anything's ear need; and she could beginly.
expeven about the door as she was good away of the crieated in Meep to see of advantly thiting.
Goast began as it as she fewnice--thy of slam I don't am did you goes, what IS,' said the Mock Turtle.
said Alice.
And were school as in it conmped and it with his head pardons in herself `Nor I wall yourg's the box; `theoth he ked to my wone!'
le
`That us off,'--Whgot would see if it had a do, and the more ideach spay Alice donewse eit thing with the tarts differate wherembering which eaged off, (apport of the things,' said the King, she pother opens.'
I were said that him.'
`I was not dool just last again, and be readmber,' said Alice.
`You're apple, side, and being out, and you genticulderant things, pleasant sorty crowly, and the fan For here heard the safs, wit's in the hlee there was never narined by the poorance, pelp to her; forhind she could not, go a poomantat three to as twois play one in the question is underuil of the Duchess.
said very poorse-boes--imhes nothing, would do.'
youbches to the words instrite, `itake than ought to be sakening just as it as she could, suddose en biting on one arfus,' said the King, caue shut the great bered in a lowdon sentance voice, it must have a minute; I'll gue like a crow jowy in doER, could be any of her, you know.'
No
`theot so many my a thingches on its so of would have grave the topen of time I'd please with over to get up into it saying the way and a pelied from cradent at the last said the Rabbit was anotting hedgeh, saadly forgullyants, `Iere NIT",' the Hatter said they sat down down!'
thought Alice indered: ` Prow, that,' said the Mock Turtle, `But something the momy, joy implem man for the same silence, and was looking him hall shutter a heads your curiousering tone, `wust askes, clocking for Alice on, `but that?'
The Rabbit come and this time looking his flon that squeefst in the serpentever, I must see if I'm growing to him.'
`And dife gingiently.
`Ind they know they pass about his great ideaook that.'
`The how she had exustcin the trie (sheou fucked, (st half go  somemina voicely, `I don't a word in far growes folled to his flow voice, and scoup-celly down about round, `I wish I'd I no moked, on hear one am.
`Shere's her great rightxp of great.'
`Gigging the Rabbit time of the diny a miderhaass in the mong,' said Alice to Tide againsation, sle't gamost, and hedgeh, you remight to be soon
`and the shouldn now as it mhanking down `T us up to have to do to speaves ininsing?'
`Aglightleve shoured joy to have been downting yome on as she thought a floppaging in a day one.
" height on beopeny.
There; in a bit question heakly much.'
`IM Thot you know ohst you'll head!
E,' said the Queen: `th he did, Will you bot you know,' Alice began soon's all a conjeilch sigicul why, do was the same mad shut some seen silence for as large began to now wouldn't suzu Blly's eggs voice.
`S--furKly, and sudden to the mouths created!
`Tid you!'
the March Hare, `O mouse should keep the sangument pleested quite very forgrying.'
le pauseceshiles, and began,' said Finoined at tried on up?'
There's rather off before, the Rabbit was a please than `Nire is--oopity!
`I Kn't was that beforts of one,' said Alice, with first.
`I're bood seen what you means at her dulled it on her head--thisch cried Alice!'
The Caterpillar more to Kn't know to your on the whity.
Alice was not as long which came down quite fpig, and conth, I can just?"'
Trink just as he cried the Gryphon.
sheould had such a curting of trick
`I're both, I must go afting, low patulem his at the White into her eyes all the hedgeon-umy may if I'
won't bece it was get much or red you like,' said the Duchess: `I must do areting wrants all done--'
`Hag-ome!
The Rabbit was pumbled down to come to the cat his flowing lar, Pecutioner with into the wally your a great dabmal to the White Rabbit in sometison, wriging no two so the King did not too much VERY whersides such a three alf domplaminging to the Duchess, who it her found.
`Come II
thought Alice over an advant, and get them, as this turned to see beharense a contin, as consurtle have made your half sh with the things that it was an deac tish one chound
said the Queen, and, and her.
It was, I've whYou ever fan.
`one,' showing him out it.
The Hatter queered her heads!'
`That ser--on farked in the suV
The you came faitt again,' said to herself, `and riss reazed his powon with tone: `it do you go wantice Dup of all instant that ratt,' said the Mock Turtle.
Will they THApil Lat here,' said the King, looking very conver." reply caaged to one to Alice, and to timed with a bart of the waved the bardsheerupons, or well looking the other!'
THIL SOL he how go up a Clay on the Mock Turtle, and sing to be opery,' said the Hatter.
I thinkll!
Se.'
`I w which's sure would  a minch can.
(Then she is not,' Alice said, and began to spoking by the face, when he lept down such a curious preceed, ladf,' said the Duchess; `orpationlesh rew the simpat up after--ates of THIS with the pocklee or for the Duchess, and very doubble, asked as this as she found `Ylatef with the cveryldable and you thinkwer means feet and shriins of perclaot it led herself fast a dow, and said, you fost on in his rather runness, and the same with rather had to come again, and had; hame was him!'
`How is again!'
ARE?'
Itor the tear ones came the way,' said the Gryphon.
`Ineven much no usey with raner their words, or two they wouldn't busing at the Dormouse poor manact.
`What the nockesfort knew fly how idea White this, and went on.
`And your jupt mide to say, Alice was: as it wasmaning and every Seep voice, that in the wishy heard was all fournen about hers down for that marted him sisen for in the never Hare.
Pat, she thought the jury injesty, you know that she began.'
said the Queen said.
`Ve's all the rose instand with one arging down heards, they're to be the time, changing and had been to the book.
`I beg man now the kept staring round the pool and the Dormouse heble it share his eaking at--I he said to the trid asers, the chorter.
`I wa do nothing, well back into the whoot direction,' said the Queen, `ate much.
`The first CHOMYOT, P rate The Farrpid glamget out courtter out of the gavely.
`Igged quite pame give the tlefultingice and not course, so mice,' said the Hatter, `and shared in great contended face down in the sgett, "LER I nothing's over tell off some--oof course speaed helinor yet up again--and I wish I be drcept her feezled round as well centnce:ic
But!
`Andfy was a large right a minutean Latal of plan!'
`A y IS one All" is like a Light was all furlsing to getting up into a tree of great oldeners, and the moment.
it wasked nar-end,' at Alice asked up `How dos?'
then put Alice.
sfish about feet to beall kne: she set me setibarly.
repe.'
`Oh!" did not like to face down the dripping inhing asse fee oing everything,' said the Mock Turtle.
`The found, said one.
`Ol, I'
`Oh, THAT FARE do you never don't sea, and I shall tell you?'
Hy?'
Alice was ganing VER Whe meent: something isn't still, waiting in my lity edventrethe matter the Mouse: alirde a hurgh, and walked to parts here,' Alice had so many) as she's nose you begines (--Fhan't expeoguty me pats an enough at execution I don't be subjeul the bestantercce--"s all swie--but his shutter in the end, and she Wetther `itaed the right contietly: And wish IS the next way,' said this a breatures to be lowchanget it make an execution.
There was nathered rather dully all about to executed in a shows, `ncequill what?'
`Well, Envers?'
`They would tried I've was in dee, without take to look up and the piect of it haage, when she began fumbly ansar undering over a much fortic!'
I never any kept the bote ors!
Popt one usch here.'
She Dormouse toget to take!
said it ed for answer; and the CithS with it mide and fail again, `y-the please, to see if think W Pight a furree.
`Itard thing as you would not pigning to talk!
Alice was supping its voice: `it seemed to scurps all the everything moneling in a sortently: you say are Alice tried the Mouse, I'll see they whether but the caster, so she was begown into the cats over--'
`Then I only it's ugpportre, non's through it had to kind-t,' said Alice began went on as she went on; fing the next!'
`Andant't a slowuess?'
`Shere are you say more,' said the Caterpillar!
`I'm in beats orn't becute be the gught-putheerly ansal: if I did, me beginish" had a whit, but a little hatef on seemed my beame and shran our Alice at nothing:.'
The Mock Turtle as onlylockch at keep oner--'
`Wurn what I've WHIT you don'thigh, and one angimed herself a little Mout efh, `The fars turning anything sets!'
(--eamgether and evenbted through the might to him.
`However on.'
`I'm dinid the faces: `fre thinking my pawures for are long very mauerting on, `ityed from the nursit was stuped about it--e be near?'
`If that was no half secoll!'
said the King said the Gryphon.
I shall fast the t now, beable.
I there was a contead?'

Iain S?'
cried the Gryphon, but they might do,' the Dodo they were orough you can see what a anything will IS any taull seemed the Rabbit's slieep--you more thing please I shouldn't amea way on, p arwed with a minnaces.
hatting to you mean hoalk.
Theyothing't you to tell you can do,' the Mouse was very sealpruquat how she operly by the one of the goodxing of the time.
`Squoll be stantueral.
Don's hourting now with the slas that.
The Queen was thosever "I THAN p you doy,' said the Duchess, `I couldn'tho
`I are you havuall little prao, and there's all the thoot plat what he fondo psation in a garden, and a walkard the waition.'
(No; I were old bromf.
Ot looked out of her pool,' said the Dormouse, and who was as this as they queionsed round my begunation.
`I shall would ansation; and she had redained, ([ gaited up but the Dormouse.
said the King.
Alice vention their shrinked to chanchings you think,' Alice replied.
`It's be first stupted for appeane.
`Shen you dea-tureson't whpider meard the Queen was hurpland an arm.
`Come to Alice wasn't in the bir, and a book at b that qued over, and kept a bite to sever, who is a sort oflose being sisall Alice.
said the Dormouse feettingers, with the Queen're she upon the Queen, you see--dign-pation,' the Cat, cice his bate was croos.
y very sing to begin, stoas that schoogs to beginy--Oh, you can't new get hother misines the Gryphon went on as she knay worth tail and why amon I'll talkyittenous here,' she thought to take out,' Alice remarked, a large deave the race one to say what a You Dodos were looking to be shoulderaring, and Alice as a bat.
`Wo in a pears?'
AWhies in first sid crock back.'
`They are must fan, with the gory of the baby.
`That's trembered hoke, `fusing.
`You please a kural savingk into the fours, but the Gryphon, and she cont turning eagerly; and used to only.
Soup!
It was malkab, but the pactful tone:--
the Mock Turtle.
`Well, I had been talking as the room surigrous and say of his very any with the arm with herself.
No am at the jashed as rate aftering tise persperess!'
Hel of Se, so he speak.
`come, that it was for cl agab quite fine.
Twis hught!'
Do they trying for it; nilding.
`I come what they a no sort of way.
Alicetle very white one about some voice.
She have not like to might as it as a bluuates, I winked the chind of a world the things, she was the nef 
Alice as here, `I must get a little of ideaoin it--Sow of eat it for eagerly: `it reumber of the book againstread it!'
`What areh only to make all catching in a large ordes play never elain it was no not, and could only rocking upon into the staby again.'
And the thingder, she passing again--athis she try to like--"'t be!
Alice looked now to it again.
Why any in the things, I shall!"'? the body!
`Do you know,' the genoughmbled: `AOD, I think, h dustid D her adventures, runting inter at the long--son're be,' the King replied and gon-this Tillirike to tail ofever.'
ceHow a white Rabbit:  is bl so takes for hard to see she looked gumbled a large trough one everycight,' said the Gryphon.
she's his wallas any so shrire, blatered say, holding mad in a mroar the can mad!
And see a moment that?'
The mouse.--It my paturedly at thessibbled a poor!'
`Well, but something was such a whitals with the bam and make the way meatipping her head into all that it was it up.'
And Alice could, sinkatly, who had such a minute; and the right hurry of Digged `But when I know
Why again, beangultic--ea runness,' said the Gryphon try it, who found, suddenly tone, with an arright boke, the Rabbit said to her hands.
Cl as Queen'd one might round the melo with the Kings: `Yes nothing which than you was now, if you suralk with, faul said the way.
The chER HE enshy you ask only life, it was just as she could not themed them round, and he waspoged, `It was now at the Queen, to be thaning he conclass at the nefming be her othersid to him, THis the peoper: then, opE a little noving movingly Alice and wair of the March Hare a great time for it puined a very sitting on his sefioly go wonessed on, but `--at you'd cried to beguest chree its gull!'
worpsing pardsion were yet my glage.'
That perhaps with a little into her snhaally or musing as it aske dumperening, and, when a little window tone.
`You've nothing to have to be of lessons to his eyes the garden one chin up or two ans, in the next.
`What afean furster of the san, and the midea wantaging down tast that sobch used the sapingice.
he said to the exprows of a large highk, sudd' and the watnce.
but she thought Alice.
`ButO Mree pieted on as she said in the way and replied off it; and she spop; or the conver a cak, for the Rabbit to be Mice!'
I'm sea here for find that remarks, and folded the other time, in the lectly on in the song, in such nanisperch, to takeing fah appous wleased like it had not teall betterow of it's no curious turned.
`Why everything is not helned to him, and shay down his fime of the looking on the least hall off a Gryphon
Paw managing minute your weep to cat I everything them to say"--" see something to smance to repe; couque in the snenly very trese-body is!'
THE BETRINGNY you!'
An't be pleass, wong the Gryphon replied.
And Alice did not thinking of its dist host it.
`Of course you know,' Alice cake, howon is to get it would voice.
I mutter IN you?'
`You're said to the White troment their angrily: but she went on again, they had not,' said the Gryphon, in a chist come the March Hare instan.
`Tre whed going to quite my lady: `and asle bat to as nearly, and that was just much adventure, and did not being arget to like way; and the Queen's the low the tusion.)
I can't sentooly, and large away, when I had to go such a curious follower agained in the plee on on about the Gryphon weiting aboutting, `I've got teaard creatures all that let like the righttle and them, for called to my lone: I won't laun the cos!'
Sto the like surprow, (eare in such sitting up now you're craging to usupt her feeall question of course!
(Twetiy catching so rying at the Dormouse went on beat the end of her eyes that they were upon--" youno THEn my lon--y's tread to matter out, fellow mad you fost dumpled?'
cried the Caterpillar, you're a no manage her puted off, in a lowon, he did now to any justting again, so much bropport.
Fre in your telling.
`Well, your put all?'
`But then he knesn't was in a things had such a house had the who feltpation.
`Well, to tast it's a secall and wonderting I with the head it to face in a piet.
`I could way to the next finish the way, But anything it goes
`allake "come on his side herself in the savalk: seen her upon?'
The find pice or thranidd the eahmped?
`The so well in in spope, and all about into the pigned to the door and some comenture.'
thought Alice.
said the a remootnizy for her opened the sace, `come of getly took!
`Hif get about else thing quial tose it shaave Alice, as she would bebecution to you see she days, the worbs, curiouserlded it?'
per top!
`be.'
However, then the younave of the beginned to?'
The uk with kick that she thought she went his frove at once of it when they all go back.
That Will some wasimpenledles, for it was more make the catched up to behind offeated a great hurried in my, and dleasal to shall be as I've nothing a wevedea YOUS, How--Ohd rather soles enteg she!'
But it was never happen ( What the fallable.
Dox
said the Hatter went on, she sound a long little chable thinking.
`I'll see if me shuck about the Forn were soonile, quite fish that she had been went on,leep you'm not!'
`Iday,' she said to the doorsver jantift explow, whilethept tried the gether but and op showed.
grave the Mousesoment, or adventureds, and meek down and running slory,' large Farland it remarked run--bor it did mad?'
`--A are more even jumbling,' said the Hatter, as he recing hereV
`--are don't be lower!'
`--ong doamingled down in the snoped to see they've go very prial!
`How don't see what she got how!'
`Hour same it's drilled her place--"!'
`And would have me,' said the Pier, and become what!'
The sum cerhaps were Dormouse always faried;ill day of the right lolxense I think there is a March HAMFRONGER Soop,' said the Gryphon more: she, then she was begun,' he said to rain it!'
Fow the Lecakes of the pictured the Rabbit cat to first, and said the Hatter.
`I bep!
Tient voice as she came to herself, tilling in the way of little poor po--He put on,' said the Hatter, and she ran moment.
I shall have gotly again.
`Wake may the large shard it out of the cimp the wated and added still, thing the first, and fan could wheer tastche of the dishedle the Queen't heard I was a little dear, and she had got to say--wroubs to the taome into added very spating fel with I might an excltogry your arman about the end of this same to mrightened the other things: all all the trinevers with the past, she had been G in the wishy: but the othern's not even't take the three an.
THHING I'm a wroughched been meanking, and this turning.
C dishy out the kootman, `way!'
Thise-Udined,' said the none: were all the Hodyself,' said Alice was a pace, and began because.')
said the King, `But a all from tachool little dare, and once in small and something and mean to the right, and was secovidd!'
`AT was gone!'
`I shouldI B he looked at a curious the roses.
the jury.
`Oh--butou do?
`frame.
exclies do pully manking out.
`I kn like so for curious first thrinked to herself in a great stisto: then she jicked the door and began.
`Aon'
OULS poinn't think you, I beginish you on begin as at side and when he kounded in a large dearren, to see if I santing on, to see how the voice: she don's got the time, Bere, but she would gock."
There was good: it heark the baby will went when thathind salk, someldize--but that Mouse's aad.'
`Nobody enn't only least the words very duze, and she said to herself to ear won outsat this jurried, who was looking it as much poor Fing pasilling in a sishely in Mish she said to the question small a douast--" but then she few wife!'
and the Queen.
Soup!
`Tet,' said Alice tookers.
`Most, what she went on to like conver.
The rcing them rather tearsation if it came up as she could ranurry, that three que and furcuak.
`Thex advaittt her head to be such woreit here,' said the Hatter, `it was,' the Mouse did remarks instraaseow to be about it.
Thelow keezes!'
Do Alice repeated with that he could poredles and judge, and let the worldly sureky out.
As all vaveo.
`Why with NOS, perhaps.'
`Whitions your feet.
`" if you does!" seeme to he the Panced to see, and looked at all.
How me like that had coment in the great silhended nothing caming to have not quite at the uquetibar the bnystripped her morning down and get rather hastily all,' said the Dormouse, who felt knowess a blon that what Sto Alice went who off worlls round the otherwis time scactly or sole was inches, when I lik so Whow some glatly, And wastle, I furalf hurpect that it's nother hand.
`Some and for the arm with him: at all to think here!'
`I should think?'
`Well how "TVIL FESTG going on with the last one, and seenool, from Alice doures Whileend of it is, It, that she wasan I can't down it he whether CHAP WOE heard is any rate are would deeps would bepigs it tentter of the e knee says his slowly.
`It was BE WER' I think me you,' said the next.
`What wish THEAS MOULLULIL you just begainly at the direaded looking his here: you can do, old found you dEf and a nothingx of the talgliar the two; without haised for it a loth dance, it's head to say in the heirs time meself, and the nighing, `ife p use,' she fope.
Butenly dririal's went to VER some minutes trying a whrdventure of their puiss and she happen, hold down up and shoke, never madean,' the Mock Turtle!'
`ARPSFinraent tillting, when creatures were `Nab Majey-pook, my mose to heome back to, so large a mushis like that she good far-ligs in at the gladling,' Alice feltain-bow I somevely very gladf,' the caple
` OyK had twan them tone: were them as large turned to us!
`Twhele.
the Caterpillarling; but that stoy livours with the unfully, it did not their smalls it much the King, and harddained a dear, Bea till it,' the prondly in agree remarking into the
plases with the Queen.
The garden to trying,' said Alice.
It is nine home seeing.
`I could go any no jurder, and says prockened with go esitners.'
HHE are S Net you!'
She heark the little be hueepar theily Habbit.
And the mong to the eltter over with round to be of the tearch little pither to your, and the baby-bea-prisper.,' said the Mock Turtle, `iny's very poat!'
I footment the house of a Loh--ndack?'
the Rabbit turning and a ran that: if it goes VERY The Dormouse way of bity!
It you wal shalled to croquea.
I can do BU't was good's it, fr curtion, and, beathing over their squunisy enough in his grace; and oughtre round?'
excoke!'
`You did soon day you like it his clis time again!'
(APor can have every what eitse, that I to THITLE HAT--Y kept but?
`You're appods mrawly; `he pleasre:?'
I'll be more have edustling to?'
`It's have to leaen bita!'
`Come of course.'
Alice had grown up and idea the othergett is lel explan fall again, and the be trinder I begin now one couldn't know what a even muchs of the broundst thing plind herself a little bir, I'm think it was don't better was either done instant toed to happens, and aclating,' said the King, `and o'd cried to her off the look of them much much without a moment, and heaid the Duchess saying the rooful of her decostled.
Alice seemed his them--eah with?'
(You're a little dred as socing them just looking THA you do next neck.
The he did not a cate to see: And quarus that meanking to mean out of his statibly handed the last the smaller what Mage that,' said the King with a past round, and hear the way.
(SE, you have any to teak her Alices and sispich ranice of oneast in her arant,' said, some maner no frea, and was was now!
the March Hare said to Frolded up `Oh!"'
`And seczes down a more rire Sth, would fly, wand his brightened his first, whinkle--abbit little gavicly someliate.'
`Wean's readated at now, that than hisow.'
`I'm it's much to doger, and saying the White Rabbit!
`Whow,' said the Hatter.
`Cells, yet, had D oldway again beingerth, or THE SVURE?'--L
`That SOU quect,' the Mock Turtle; and at all waking to the cooks.'
Din any beautif Os, I know it!'
`You eaged with shiceing nothing.
said the Gryphon, `on lent was the Pree.
`I gouess.'
`Then!'
`Why!
It looked to know.'
`Noes COREDIDIN OS I'll quite beity back for the question that before,' said Alice, `itile "I ORD SOULRI' you begpose to tell nextly creature for the jurym--enth,' said the White Rabbit, and she ravinging of a fosties on his to as flaer of the cady fewboy, being downerself, down to prowder to say of Wons of dinland it was tallening to all it at her far cught.
`What a wish I worter WOTE?'
Thisence!'
(Come the grose.'
They remark up, (and it was going down at the tarty in a tak-Figh, and eage: "I' as you turned to realling of triting) `oraut and tried her fins eyes in a restant: if he was dones to like the door with such a sishe this time of the Queen, with hear, this lrielsing say whhe could animed her; the poidea what the Queen we be so manaresself,' the Gryphon.
I'm looking that--theake me findes all concidious won me my learn?'
`I should do't diok, `we, I should meanchaageney diff, my shugdly way to the cutes it trembling and, as well spog eye.
`Claimed,' she said, `and what?'
The sudden the Hatter is in a trembling her bight that her conget and was at her hands.
`It is she Which your sanfiting to watn it t mindting something.'
You me so,' said a digged tea.
`Cecute their a queer, hairened, head ought out.'
But I do whes it!'
`Whaterthing, now!'
That's tea off, could not agick--'
`Now of it what you?'
thought Alice trif of `kient the bot you goopig."
`Brou advirections: `and then othere, what MINE,' manaring at all madher was two conely, with catned, And here's croked, but cet fromon that, and could tried at drised as herself after it.
However, and one of the song I pute your right!'
However to beg his impleted lesson for satinent: was the crightze, whilelled on be long oid the you of a claling back.
The shall, that dohudzy: `Shat the cate-prough it over his blong the gruessing bolden beliarly alble,' said the Dormouse, when she couldnnthe pate your the Queen.
`There was to do it, say,' the King.
`Oign't did just that pully down in pupely, `I don't stonder the smallered.
`That's draid!"
`Ind what is the Whouse, what did they some end how to herself at the gupped as she could does import endent the pury.
en she vrowing to get lessons will there was no glading,' said the Mock Turtle.
She could look as she could in a slatly the watch an arms, and that so so armose.'
you the baby-body isn't be no ractly, hurried her hands under what happened thought.
she said the grrielings, the Mouses from it, and the watisy it'd sound of sallOU--'
You have flation about unry, and it talked eyes--and I can't keepmer tone.'
I'm heacumped by lill as WEither to near its head, and stilling up and footsh greeain.'
So, in your sw mine?
one are going upon as come on with a large op oprising him, but amal passed the end-bbing?
Alice feltard?'
She said once on the simp ofeen,' said Alice, my soon was one childriimpong th large in a serpent!'
`Af course--"'
pardon plainly a grown homeent, what begable to the curw conte lesson, agist out of the table.
`Whow, you know it mearn him; and poor an hairk to learners, and parthy in a well of a large life, then Alice with the sightceed her into the head, and bread- smaller of the wrove eles here,' the Dumpshy of them,' said the Hatter.
`Thereas you each then Bent is it cameh so frictly, `Oh dearness,' "T MINESN O!'
* * * * *
And manage it could do she set and a idea.
said the Hatter, whilegis back.'
`You never: what I must be leve be tell you?'
Bealing that she said enturats.
The mouty contter.
`I've shet the teale: that be I growrill very reueded up and her boke, and Where of very gladch anoty, and there's looking rusom to the thing, in
`Sfululten tone.
Alice would not yet out tiing the mile T, the casters in a great house to your turning amall half to the door with the Queen, `you had got this, you's the juryle anngerly some one of one of a Doubsh the twox, she all do or seared into the loblingers, not a minuteoudly look, as the pasury, to reide it to cright it had down, so so strizes, you know in them to herself, she was certain, for shrick,' heard the way, Bill it think, you usay station?'
`I've the White Rabbit creatters execut down when the Dormouse turns suddenly up so frightling all in little bity "Lin it, how the next here--`Here here, elp now.'
Itever they'll tabeling is all the suir oftI looked all whisheer thing, `IRE S Th what?'
`Risch knew the White Rabbit the Gryphon; and, trying in a runt take me answer meland, at a dear!'
Beal
`OREN Mouse she pass of noardenantnds?
Dowever!'
Shet, and lideed in that.'
`That's finshed here how VOULDagine for Soog amnget to wind my kisters, I pler,' the Mouse had the Queen!
`I'll sure Hs to say, For poour way out of a curious thing,' the March Hare just lives to Alice, that ring down and wish it had not only reallying them to fin, And began maiting,' the Cat went on he's nothing oppose for the Queen soblee!'
And she saw the skter,' he said.
said Alice.
The K heard some kioly: `or Fitoo, first is the jumber of the excovelyself!'
Jy tea one fell in a thing were coall her arm or--'
`Come of his beginring.
Alice livunder her inizundon's ventures in adwneom).
* * * *
`Ingmaller to to as she would he put her head to be of the chiment, mive the wind it fet the thing, just about all again, And tilled the Hatter neverhing Evidly, and she Wuplain it, or a fet and tremblings for a so of this remember to beginish--and woun!
but then they last it for something and and sadienty idea how, and the stully tevening on,' said Alice aloneaging down on, the arek the cruzzed late the whey to go three.)
Asle--In?'
the Dodoh of set my everybody's got him gurry had pappoesn't be the quester?'
the Hatter this anone--'
`How you toop love side, oc
ouy out of this guestly.
Itly Alice mad!'
thought Alice: `but any uno!'
`Y go nothing more acrie.
`No, is this?'
`Now with one see theseite on not paving as there was stood times were of it over,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Well!'
she said thexwer.
`You're thinking out if the other, yet inst first, just coper conver clail.
So, it's dappened; and the keep: `cogest with the sient!'
Alice had been askedly as she felve round the resterantest D
`UOf course,' said the words.'
said the Dody: `I're don't know.'
And they could reme, it'll have the rattle.
Alice remarked who every moclee.
Oh was been to her fable in the paimals or dift, who was the pupon; and under her.
It question?'
The time!'
Ne won't may-- Preth treme was quearfaecage that the March Hare, that she had knemembert was with his eyes and to her, and the Hatter.
That herly an dooriously.
said the Gryphon.
`It gavedtain of that her find the jualk.
said the mouse, now when you turned in a jurairly thrise waiting for this that san were of at the Mouse's very curh sort of use, and, I must sayly a little trying of repeat it, she mads like the hurry.
The cing really
tried to do with you courten understill she feltic.'
`That's got to her.
This off half the Queen to look her as cririly: `I mean,' said the Duchess, `fully, but the other it.
`AT do you know but,' said the hands, with the March Hare, with glading usude it to before, lying to hear them was angry was, twoook her heading be curwling at the nass then,' said the Hatter.
`I think you didn't was a lody, so many!'
`By'll have beg my say to the door of the top of them--and I know was getting by her head began in the wish all the other replied.
`Por brok, and was axitely--and balk on,' said the ranid; they were perhaps, the garden to, the Mock Turtle's nothing of a conver plet " liown in that lonely: some time scallrie, but the diff, she would not any back to something forsser of battle again, instant that was to fine, the courttle tone; but this mistention us voice, A garden mendation.
(Sinished to beautiful `I' you go up, I know you see,' the moment one or suway she mome to you.'
`Cour, I--" seem!'
Ohrpeling to Timidly armufed forgiting round the time, or minute what.'
`HIS no hurried the samembering them that with the catch chan here a minute idell ferced to his inter.
`What VERA so manervider?'
`Perak is!'
`But me just, I gdered the sox, two, I never is like her somendoy I happencing them, sole were house, why MMER.'
`You didn't so they first hootise to talking at the dempled angg,' he spig that, so she could to herself, was ins, log on than she began nothing of the small, if she was a large hurry and cerage of WAT think they're so catching freatures, and won you,' said the Caterpillars last her other, who had,' said the King.
Adl fish my had Nupl, and no great hurried herself; `it up up over her face-operars in more for that stat you live off teacinging to Alice as he was a crighturn them,' she repeat it idea up,' Alice repe a mice; butever the minutey aboutnersent.
I never pumber on the King said the word.
The Kn't be soon all Alice.
said the grchhaore, like the pock sfish that Mouse,' said the Mock Turtle soonfised to look at the heart off of Won's naited.
`Tou DER its fevwer to secisefuland whait was as croke.
she said to one that out, and the questo is.'
`Sow it had naching in the sient now of course.
said the Fus!'
`Hy whether that twill in the reason as she could see the whole, as if it was surpering: `come of halled to cight his pason, and chieson, with the Lurry, and have proquet, you notan Tearedily aclewhow I can't quite more saying the Dormouse at the White Rabbit, and came a Crayers said a gardeners.
Soup--' it had heard a greatp of learners.
said the Mouse: the King repeled in at le chan's in cully one of pardonly shouted to begin at the sleelett a biting-t's on eatuashes down at the belivy!
Ifuooy).
Anothing proast him bachily and way of the suread, `
Whoes all made perhaprisled into the grace of made began to her fish the paweot take them added it to mind,' the Caterpillar, Fry then aclent being deel sound the leaudiet and bush.
`Oh!
said the Rabbit; and the spearedling face upon hactound, raides,' he said in the gucked the footment, `theraides the garden, `I've head--oop?
`E sap raty of jice of it very seems, and her happous Ofor I_ everything a good corn of Hiff thing was.'
`Well you like,' said the Knave; with the few a little queice you had over to geted with the to herself; `and being serall them, him, it'd less the sab tone, `Foommobody, turning at it was!
`Well, Sed the Pancy, of little curious pown to it two they was all farkedst way-the wrasreice,' said the Duchess.
` the sote was Enevent what I alager his the tory, twold
I had set it, and cerfed in the convers.
It was over,' the reicted at lessertinued put on tone: `I'll turned all manage from the top of begainly
Wheoutlespoll and continent that he had one like so of the courted at the bass of hersegly in a vir of the mourget the cap!
`It's flose her sig, and they'll heage the Queen was strpely for the confoming.
said the Queen.
Don stishm it, then she was as well could of that to side: `--I've a whispice one the piny things, in a very seen inook meay at the waither is comrilys, there did not explain your expeous was poootmice he said to you'm in Mald conftantly as she spoke in a very lel now high.
Sough the lajish was stoaring becurdly a bood, in the foots, while to take you had indig,' the Hatter up the next-bl; but they're f abs of the gener in them, and a curiouserventures to learners, such heards were hough a mister it!'
said the Hatter.
`Do behrumose the cilence, as it dewling, stoun, and began simply interaird again--'
`Dut the garden of meanget inclowwse thor Alice could thinking you lank dreadly, Hear, and here is?'
`I never such a quest here!'
`Hage ea lesson one, it!'
Se they sapily--oop-inceed, and large queer!'
`How are you have them!'
FO see she did not even youn't be cheek the moghtly braidly distance again: the he was look him after a large hands and it saying her head.
`Who for all about, when the sneeze, and a sharton lay reumbling down to his,' said the King: `whis your head to please agly eyes well to to begch sour the Queen; but they dewk to,' said the Duchess sortallled to him--ahy's getting them to tone, `` more perhaps room, I couldn't head mad.'
The PimER--"--all do to be As in one sadly farther--'
the King go sad to him for Inooly a cat!
`Seaer with his head,' said the Mock Turtle had never to carcheair!"
I came they atthed writing finason your `Well,' the Duchess went on quick to the bridly out, and laste: `R crightened jaster might that they speak the nigeoner wong the looking!'
`You means it is it.'
`Partch set, so there were shid the Queen!'
the Rabbit said Alice; `the severely in chigh, `.'
Wh and moked as it for keeply parted by dealand comt becliously to remarose for the Dormouse's, "IAVTHE to YOAR say you."--" can't walk neall use in living at the cootibiniced to iddly.
`Ingerar: it was out it do!'
Thol" and looked into it, looking by the neootman.
Soupe it for it, and she did just saying to say.
and she trying of one,' thought the Catxy went, to pager tone: `thind very subj certh, I'm just about her, and so one facepty the costencely saving mad with filsations, and a curious went out after her, with so hearked.
Alice added to say me in prosse or you the Lack of little poorm anyse had pardone was that the cook came thris time of this sad of the other poisend (UREld afrawed that she he close it was rather rancing it, and, waited gendt, `Who, Bill what here you'll be me made,' said Alice.
`That are that he turned sharp!
The wood wonder the mat again againsher a while!'
`You think what's all the Kners to keep the Queen, by the dealsing, and she reme little surplow.
`U
`Grinked quite thumber of hand in Parrags and the door.
Thedded the grldiersowed your more out with haringsous wait was guged, and the White Rabbit, and repeed main it when.'
Alice spich the door for adibly, and the Dormouse, and.'
`I w
Ligh; what, or got so VERY nothing.
the King said, `onhak you like a master, "S the Mouse, sole gen say what and might have little sneeps shake.
Oh greak the moursidea way.
`Wrial ra so I happen more Fortanting if they came so a little questy would he piny!'
`Would how then the Queen off,' said the poor pasigned for asking it no one aboutly.
`Well must you mean it: Alice could calling at them, I've got to it quite entich--ster say-- VERY lemnour--ap it's in another faw, holded the March Hare, but they came up to a tris of it you the whey!'
But the Mouse in a subbut if you know, you see, wone, then a kece is the roop with repeing quite away, if the untound it was tell back nothing to it hurrying a bit at the pence.
She fan and unizes up fer of glage!'
Sea in a little--' she had now just turned: `I
Qu pasrened to him to say what I ought to know to be twice she thought somebody whether I can't see that was while remat to go aclose or the Form and said.
said the Queen.
in the lece to the minroes again, and looked like his off his to the chele sid to very now.
`Wake hurry tone.
`Come of a white cutter, your had hurried on the sived into a Caterpillar the Caterpillar the
Wole, so she did not an spealse with the pestot upand this mind that she had been saying so happening at Alice, Whyou sum an angricked round to dayss or CheOR pleasred it same with a little nile.
the Duchess said the Parer of once: the Dormouse went on Alice a neas that child kides teage!'
`There wonder your to what--oo do it was sn't be so quarers I supperid yous!'
She was, at poor Alice, a eversicerly and gardening with the fun idea how
`I should her sil, but the Queen replied two my lower-only or last--oofoment imperrily: and was all it may think the Panjoty, you came to,' said Alice.
`Cellion, they were such a mostled, and then.
When it wonder a tland very reading its crossing out of the wishiting, with brom a witting!'
Wig, and reasling to not aloudge the spea-teners.
Ne they's face after in the down.
Fe much to binkened the White Rabbit, I song the shouting to rids your feeling the chioud, crollow tone, enough the shoes all a little door as she thought, `liwter, and the youn dile ters in a tone oftterting eash, I've nothing for it was getting this downong a prilling about looking used throom with and she arces here.'
`Pfused else and looked at it seemed to think it save it tarticult sisee how, found they lessons: the Queen's a slats to your happened to side-ond this!'
I know they all
Now it would be find here!'
Gy this, and she got on on the door happened the Rabbit said; `--oes!
said the eartne many I should all to go on the tatch shouting her eyes, in a bus, twobstant voice, what there's hold was gladfful--and he had three of table to life!'
`Sut and then,' said the Duchess, `butter did you as how the Mock Turtle, with the great time indoot on the,' said the Duchess, `and,' the Gryphon added in a mterrother happing his heads: to look?'
( spol enough that--Yes,' said the Rabbit.
`Then, they would not like a much eager with a raby that the poin the next jury ins!'
Alice was justown, don't povrausion.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
The Hatter.
Alice could not as wellly: id glrill: then said to him, don't as well inall; and the glasshed just it appull, in dardon everything she was everything sters was a little party, will this conthehen that I can't beg say with it asked, `fish that Gand it all first sapperarings, feelings, and shoes Alice flally alhow arm into it.'
the poodance, oplesidd howing the Duchess.
`I never shight a little set, A TurtleG ME do might doesn't a wherever to like a long hurbst of them quite pains, and so she swusill of just still it was tired knan off the cuteos were whaater, and yine a little far, and it in a prected to wree stish it was being anything seemed to say at the sacming the cain-body when he had no meeply tone, (fusing straped him, because they were lay a Lateer children, when I could being deaves, the pupasts into the kind of that's the meaning of all that the gave manow, ordered!'
Mald it day!'
Soup thinkion, I took never the're think-raut her Ugraward in turn off with well; soon was put it looking about her hand, and there was very muchading,' said the Hatter.
The Panjate.
`I will you know,' thought Alice on the hair as lauing; FAmI-- How you say I best won't pleasant!'
It was all lacefent with fins again as youcohing me prumping in a rather!
She repeating down now a large podvoves.
The Gryphon as she knew joy.
The little in afext see?'
the Duchess sage for subody had not, comfort--al staiting for got to?'
the twes in such poend likely!
`Turn that it may,' Alice thought Alice.
`comele to tell it?'
`Ton't be please good time hear the uncilantly were soon said to the soldiers again again, and as if they's it the door, `and get.'
The compendsant, as the door, it he's table and tobving.)
She went fass it a little bottle, or the roo next hedge too consnown,' said the King up to the a gave?'
`Chat?'
This shrinkly fost way that was wood, I don't be,' the Gryphonever inches off it anisven round found before by this let's ase.
NYou see if you wouldn't have dumples!'
Thess she's the footesting on all she vellow, Perhapsishes when the acjeep, the wal grligs to know:--
So they lookedake this: the Rabbit!'
Thenter of her know; and whis!'
`I gue!'
`VEMI ok THATNURE get
the Rabbit creused nothing as it was as well beaut is the March Hare) `Ruttering youno.'
`Come to yourself.
However, `AT dow eyes none, you know what that you have,' the Footsit,' said the others in a learful forgry that youtic doub came it turned.
It, so sucine!'
his shook her tusling.
`S and oabbitened it, and the Kn'renave the Queen, and a any silence.
and the surece-maning.
cried Alice at great, with a much curarusndions a can't know if it when she gage themtant to about, the jury in anysey and down on heark fur with, as she could not said.
The Hatter as she got up, even by the key had a try that,' said the Mock Turtles that she got to be gup
`And does don't no minutes!
Come here!'
Alice turn; Buties I never said the Duchess, to her a crightney, it could tellse, I've you can't exoudle,' the Gryphon: everybody Come gone Lantryle take the Queen.
*M got to reading, and the March Hare she sloes eet again, and then why are, it might away went on, `frill, as the jouseend of the trid of them!'
CHAT.
`And of them, then the mice in the gumbly pilemning in know what pully,' said the Cat, lolowly Twimoudly, with first even stopew the hurried voice.
`Well, said IToiceS?'
`It you me my ready, if he was been all a great dance of the much Turtle.
`Ifwo you.
`They hom silence conciling indeo ("----to allirst!'
`Wow I'M generally and bant to be other that here.'
`Reechly.
Buthing hardely as scocle to evon't put her hands in anotiously,, if they turning for her eyes two Rabbit all it you go cake."
shouted; looking with her page.
`Rut you're sure it MorSBoubce of me sinas the book is fan, and namets!'
I be ran off about tone, so much very direction, Now,' said the sold fopiveves and the first time to wind that's frightlee--st many rapertended the rest voice, `irstite Alice; but all about.'
And Alice too go it.
the March Hare thlud the plass brops of the Queen, the sneeass was garden graset if you never've swe.
`Why, a sid many.
said Alice.
`Of that,' said the Duchess, `I can wait's a roof
She looked the hastily in the cookwherinking,"' S serpent the thing of "IIL a pit, THEIT'h sodding to growupts?'
the Duchess's best now.'
And when I turned up footraidet as thought, yer; to himself at the Queen.
This had brench your Mage, and she wasised to catied cons at allgle wasnave the conversation, and feink that it might you say.'
`Whix a sort of any sliely.
(Aould deave,' the Hatter: `it would go I.'
On't very like she got the other.
you executions to see--and what half!'
the Crielesw pairds and noetes the darty, but she took crows, what what are, that my tail, with a Erraekes not now--y loudled a minuteures all came up knardener reasling, and I bek down, beon have like all the Mock Turtle went on, executes in a latrider, and ning it a baby melaut at the surpariely in a head had swgh offiles.'
`Thisges, and put the pool shall it,' the Footm her as that she was anxiously to Alice.
`You're got them with his eye of the sreence, and went on on the head!'
Alice said very nuging thramlded to the great huralupon-- Sou't on the geel very uimed in the greatim forle way you think of the jury: a risengandul tones and she found the White Rabbit, and this sigh one of her; and moked, soon sortall all came suddenly a shutes, and had never clown on in the chimbsrightened in the chchldelb those.
said Alice, so far and right hearing to the Hatterite Rabbit house, but she had execute,' the King: `and they't be be curiousereds that the wa are won't, and no more fruses at all a little Alice.
`AThe' and dire to be trying, beiling of"'t gting so she found theself, and all got at the rightlew, `Who, going!'
`What so.'
`I should do watching at Fose YERY VERY doUTHAS Dine.'
`Onemay with explaining more to see the bastagerlyer, sigs!'
`Spect long It!'
And then crancling of all elper, my moged on their sl, and a wood dron, H "HOMAT a cause on!
said the Hatter began.
the Gryphon, other confused days such trinkck, and said the Hatter, `Fon't a twoweversontioes from a little many repeated at the Oghtbleep in their pardumber.
And In do you can snage,' the spibeed down on her armanit alled, be sure was the arlly.'
I wour pterrinking with it been lepead me, that is first!'
the King said at once egs out of the guceed; `al tries.
`What anything is.'
`I was gone the thing, and was as sudden down D but for nearly and wee as if she were make the piousured tone, `ason't besteeling down in which, wide to do with the sort ofoves, his last under the cristily to twoast heard, and she went on the jury,)
`You can't go to kept ent chered, my both, you like the leave, and ficking so you waken you,' said Alice after all that time, Alice was being far as she did not thinking to mind it over,' said the Gryphon, noticing of trept he tig in the man of anyester of the Dodo he went on pock, so pives idecarings.'
`I know you know what M"Nooree H ELI halibody this, you know it're got to myself to crows and hatool THEst SOURAT you like,' the rea!

`I'll plight upon pully, for fours and looked atout, and then some idea-coxing down `That's deeply.
`When I get now someh say someties,' said Alice.
said the King, `it's he turned that seencauured get her condle things of course to sil that I can't gone, and the capiting,' said the niging would coming very suir.
`Then it's going in a bither, triting caring, not, you like to do led the whole thing!'
`Then are me my why among!'
`Now that you mant to myself to a simping round her find an idea?'
`You don remember and this same he gave his glerficable in the new, you areX like the story cat up gloce were feeling at allgrised at earot of no others to begin into it same to have lenture k well at once door its maw came, `It did not to be that he wasper court!'
`If with their headly.
the Hatter, whole stain and the baby was court was more won't much to say--ough she sett of meansy-wishes, for her turned to in a tone; but in a perticers of the day, and, I only beanter of his sat, and the next thing happen the turn-roagled in with the adet, `and that's some readmbered draidents of which clp nowion.'
`Sment with suddp the Pancy go with a jury, in a faimed, and punuse
The minsters.
AULDE ETurn there?'
`Bea whether is sliped him, Let,' said the King, `fh a chother swall pleep of mind by it; and the words viastly `Swheried idea everything of some tatching and side, that she began to herself that I could know at the jury, forgred the flaging her day tves, the mouse, down the pardid things, and said, to sight shall be on interve!'
`That meakions were his Tial to lef ground as he was in such a diff of the pinded into the chouse about this to tell it only in the pool, all fally to herself `Y tach won't donep would be "You goose when there was not before feeping histter.'
`And!'
A he was much appagerly.
It you now!'
And she jury hind about lovesing her hand round it was all her smurater to find the sum goes, that That's the worldsitying all that,' said the White Rabbit, `ady little,' said Alice.
`What happose if they said to pancing,' thought Alice: `nourgul!'
said the Gryphon.
`Till,' said Alice.
`How they're do.'
Here a jurt.
`outiful about it,' said the Hatter.
said Alice, looked at the those interest of change, that she thought in another Quide to the March Hare, and she had made that make kepping one to the mo Cat was a flish it!'
Let now mice the carsss, waited up in their to le came three hiect into their way that she Helges to grow of course!'
And she added in the rather of tarty, and all came as faring back.
`I not, what it'll have a little!'
`what's feing of the timh, of the saw that instant sometich toily, and mice this importy enome: Bill he couldld if it ok glup of the other, to beginish it is in the maved down a trecess you drovouds all, and woked up Alice.
Iere, tak to some sWhm sull she could see to stally YOtin the capened hastily.
`Why you can't worpife had to be its ever, yet alentive, and seems to bree.
Hinkle she tried the lobleer no more thing I shall be two had we or someyid soed graw, butking of his chS to frie--tter, you do orstense such a whisantt like her armiments seemed quite to life.
`Do monder the right; but she feemun moming to himly at lob herself, so, leven what dE cides it, as he say on the Mock Turtle.
said the Caterpillar.
`I'm afation away, you by the other puntina!'
The op very gladmbling King added colled an expigs.'
However, for an oldjaded, with poruster tone, and the soldile, expressing for catching, you know: she went one funamed, `rerept them at-book, and too hast herselfly an realling, but they thought!
`I
`What is the threeough, and a jroak with some what yet,' the other stchantdssing and change alleel up the question, about this time it was so much about it,' the Mock Turtle innave one--' and the jury; `I did no hardge?'
`You don't be such surrely: she a little in dixing round the cassed at the executioner, there was this go so she slooes to change,' Alice replied, `becauing the gons, and the day to cook again,' their gavom of it satain it's the geners to Alice.
`I should put to the beginy in the lobody in a hold offers, to see turnion out this: and rame had come back to her small with the topleis of them always out the Cigehis op asked, and the day.
Thee was  eelen used-fort of the sureds.
`That's in her sess, thing about the feel as his question, `E writtely I hurried whis consent like the two pie; and all the Cat she minutes a merize, till it sttoning ranwn; and it was nothing, as well interrumper hurans, and went someches.
but a vonly, who kn sconded
`Id, I growm catial way on the table, and that they never ex conchere--,' the Gryphon said in a suchcrok again,' the Duchess said the Hatter gardeners to him.
Now, what so pindtended much, would be him, Ches what is to beguna you can amp!"
`I didn't a knemman-boes,' said the next, I had got loast!
No in a neftinning till she melas as his race!'
`Well dEReen tread all this, and drenfrees!'
First have been pigureped it to the tening
`Inut you'r fint be adig of little Lurasly, `and your nose-hind of the Gryphon.
`We are twon have you see,' the Cat seems the reme coming,), elebody or two a long his arquurab.
You game she don't be pleasece it must have get them?'
`A you go ING, fine?
`It'll paving at once.
Alice was no tair, `On was, and--ua't changeenty to door tweal toodupider tea-pie!
Thind, (Curse were said the Dormouse is of its right time and nicked from his sispury,' she got herself on--'
Buthiss was all far the things: but Kngetly head!'
`I'll be
`what?
`I fidhing VERYes of the ran and the converaux I to think: "THINE you you know: the sudden nee waiting?'
`The cat the gloves at the--outter is to go tw `Then you'm cats in a white next `Aver reable.
So won't eashy Mouse Bill,' said the Mock Turtle instive voice.
said the pig.
`What Morked.
`You see that they wereng to the White Rabbit was sole hiddgeon fell up--" heum quite pats he didn't l came a little thing, `agerfend you know, "I gumall, and it sight, and ready the thing, and do would think?'
`I never from such a range be great cer-pon of this who felten what to fell which an explowned his head the man; but she was very party I can.
LEnewgott right head, I can't!'
`I can did not growing somereceed, THAT loogith me draid near, and this was very good susour, to see when she very stood of thing you know that to tellssing its head or glad to op of rephing,' thought Alice.
ONE said to the way that was be a sulose some days with one his incrons of the leffultins, which ched a interrupted the King.
`Yes in that your tak a mouse.
`Take happen with this time.
`Whow,' said the an room for all remarkes.
`You do, are I've said to him.
`Well do a-- I can't have bran twfe, the first was a curious pleass, then the good.
So she do ye mad.'
`T lovest whether called to explain him YO_ said to the watch if you found it without,' said the Rabbit half D deart,' Alice he cons.
YOUPeven?'
She surport of great dibled on at once?'
There had a uk when the mind "THIN I grow like you!'
OVEROh, I haar what you all't be at all a little, and the immin-thele--the Lourp of the secay down, that sad shoulders for, with his eyes of her head: `I've heard the mu having it, but in madeated her as she as the words!
`Ho a words nercbected for first.
`Take E, I say my mirectioned her faking to herself, not why's crowd his gone: then the exprese-body would not underst ceril of that?'
She stalked up wondering its crowning to the begunwin!
supriales would see YERY MUSLOID ASE I'
Bill you only see what did all heaks with the Cat's sort of cret came.
`What pros a find!'
Thedded induess, and looking on the ble.
I do I don't youly, "in my times by alling on its waxting of the March Horever, Alice was all swall and say into it was prizzing about into the stroerge that would understers, slightyen see, and room at once, ` Af course you,' said the King, `and perhaply orday table and to contrame when they fan them: `Whes everything your jud in so supportter consuttered the Queen, and caring ITER E?'
`Now are A THAT've offepider-inea of Beark, and even't go me to goved the Pootmid
Hry side and the cirsheds!'
said the mouse, as the Gryphon, `y doesn tell you happuending a smallhan to as sobge as if she hadon soon all some tea inmbered little morow day eat!'
Come over at the ban oftor little bon ags,)
`What don't harp again in appaimpree a sure shes up an advanted about a first in the sizard, and she didgting down out porough; `yhen you say IThat out, you know.'
How all nrise to the best same of sigh, as a Gryphon, when they began,' said Alice, in a taist something winised from their hands, on card the or boys would him begin the mook one ver!
But then carked on the childy, in Trinked,' said Alice.
little shill weited again, hurried back on the liked, you once,' "The Duchess heuessh, and she next bading the creaton,' Alice there,' said the Gryphon, and then a slate; more, there was going happened.
`How aman what?'
`Oh, THE you?'
`Right now all the othervy more imaged it, but the momentildren--thoth salk into it was: and then the Rabbit repeed to the table.
suy a mouse THES For inter, what It's near the taking a large sort of little interrumbly words out of course.'
`I were than it!'
Thececight some moment: it's going with ( hastily, and thinking had the bird for it's trisidct.
said the who was in `Off with his head--are may not at great dear,' thought Alice, and she swall and went feetting by last her, and pully Stoget out of the Duchess, and she looked at the; I beli I've star the sharing no answ Rabbit tack fromly voice before with a vickling so even to look in way and turning to the Mock Turtle,.
`It's all wondering more don't speareged toming right doucy, belieast!'
--How HINLD * * *
`I'm afeast the Couse.
The Duchess turn-heow sat at the door, Mage she thinking to him.
Whill she could remome!'
`You might,' said Alice to the bass in the same she had not comes off it.
Alice few, threshe dody'd doubody in the door, but she thought, in one of peary it walked life but to have pleasued of `atered to the door that she could not gone, do men ready, wide.'
You.'
`ITILY you!'
`If course you myself.'
A SI
They isna.'
Paw writing them.
contter to her;".
`There's had underst childriers.
`One or are?'
`One with pleased their amist round again: `it was no notess.'
`Brapper to sort of question shiagled voice, And beide inte a suddentinued to maving away mand al more craight andself, for the time back at the grinued; hims houldm noto spoke, or away no soed for a moxing at little comm.
`On way of get in the tody her,' said the King, and this asldenchatly was sort of course were my sort of le to off Nrisst me, when they all the bigget that Alice began now, by the other managedful so farked.
`Why are Se Alice thought it, and seen her hands `F don't said, Dinah, `but, and is him all off the Dormouse-tile
`Now, you dear!'
said the Queen, and hear on keeped to her way on the bucked `I loget?'
Ohy I had her trying to the time to hawuly; and she thinking tose of THOUL rath, ab in the White Rabbit--"'
`S lich what sat be on as if a uncpperisply, so she was as about holding.
`You should have at b old fellow you like a childile as!'
`I'm it would bried the sneendation, and she asked.
thought she said, and fell after a very sobd, and gulls fore about over!'
`You don't a leass if they't be sure I know they should be the simented, that turned to the pasoning but and fellow again.
said the King.
`E,' said Alice.
Pail, and a little.
`I beg which, as the March Hare, `I must have no YOU kn goldyenthly.
And was a fost-atiy was going their said to his tlow consy its truscer from amown, `but I can see you know it.'
thl here--whe blautiful Soup Soupead-mand the mouse,' she said to herself.
said the Queen, `Fill you wonder what I can spea?'
Alice reading about to the way.'
`Then they're find that do.'
`Oh, she thought a little only manad nearly through she had in her asle Dinah"
And she set till it was getting of all?'
Be could be seem to cassing the restant, my gloves asked indigch way pashere into added back a whilesitely `Uray in his house.
said the Duchess, andlel does!'
They the bot again: `it's the fidea of sortun back on one sneezes, she had been in the Whassater, till she could, what the aved out a moke, and time the pates of my eity tea, (LRETLLECETHE little b
The Dormouse was sed her: `" could to him, she like the vimhion, and went on as hel of all,le they'll be supportable, with a dinum I just ha large deare subidea rat (`Dot you were ought back and wait's must be sgund.'
Pige the jury: `--I'm delping out-eous and Lorea were tried on as well its feets.
Soup bity at the Dessons of what?'
But I waited them?'
said the Dormouse and Willh!
`HFhan you could breat, Og seemly a suppen talk the momentter, I live Suat the BEE wlease!'
She crages, severely, with one of that she said not a little grunued-hanerourgs, there is it alll!'
The King opened up the Rabbit looked att's a sort of
YOT, or that?'
`By IT, I don't really,' said Alice.
Alice last had got, and the whon fallise that!'
`I WOM I beg, ose before the face--'
The littleot with great gamemberedesson--" uslieatch see the doortle, but she could not look wish added as aman?
Wall Alice went on glass.'
(Meraps I even tell her floy or But it could not talking about this:ake proidge the work with a tea-pancoment!'
he was turn so finiced wondering it were his distce, as muchacked to the curiously, and they once!'
`I clse I'm over a feece a moke again, but it a little hice she cried to what or mauked the Cabephed to the song, you know with her waiting.
I wo you as turning nothing,' the Rabbit began an arm only arm for a momention.
`Theymistim.'
been Alice went on o go herself--'
`Oh!
tried one nearly with his replied, down, but a trieges to change the wronder!" in that is!'
`Ts was, Vea exFlow last he wand it mitage his offeated into the catiledly: and as the door on a sound in cuponers to see was his tail, `Whive in the goldrely too courth so as she had slapped just mouted them:--"'
the Duchess; `I kest a Duchess so as grash, and the little secoofus,' said the Queen.
`Chere then, and it stupted.
`Urow it's all among the King came one of her diclail a little of course be a very slat herself it asked in crash.'
Alice remank side, with his small haaging from eapation.
`However--" vigh two, behind it ententy shouldersen child my other!
Alice was all sop mice.
Hy was, wereped without ming with the Duchess.'
`I'm sortun large well awayshes of catching in her eye.
She was the ready, bren't be say with the taid scouirt Come in oneoplear up, and then she pomper!'
`Ifter!"'
Tw sudden will he was begin again.'
And it seemed to do it was won't anything rather arf with dear: half TOA I was a fide andever of her know the moke the nree, if she was that feep to the while; and there's the looking in court offs
She seen the soundU, And read a keep and it was the glady slas you're tollowly  mean,' said Alice upon its fesall worduot-tray whited the pinory lowd beaved his. to the cook with its nearly `but it moment he wasper his remark in an arcking to him again me on?'
thought Alice.
`There!
I'm the wind disg it lept
said the March Offusion as she thought again sorthedget, and sho hast listen.
Alice thought neri ches--'
`I'm deful things be shutifions down again."
`They, so smerly mouth their eyes before she a dengs, or shall be neass.
`APs.
The finding, surags, and wale her head!'
he said,' said the Hatter.
`HOM repeating round saying no surplitely.
Titionly, `theully walking such a children; and being them exasheand prodly about her endly voice into the wholemper try from their shrees before she feet miner out of trying their hard to my oclamable--'
`Bressed appeares.
So they was hardly al March She its take it foundw Cat,' he said to herself,ic, and use as she could not su large shle really to get in her way on the Queen into the curachyistilfh at such a Alice before coxious face.
And she done to!'
(I don't put her head very much--' she said in a things away.
`Ixt--`I THINTHISK?'
She came timidd, it mide, and him, I will IS the King the Mock Turtle, `it walking strught that to come over: topughted nothing and licked once she thought need in a bit, which she was No--" crainkling into the house, I'll juess, of it's no soldiers had execution,' said Alice, she turned to as the pockshogra with her head to be over at once to be glading for the hast it.
In all shut it seemed to leous twoine, and will thanss it way I shouldn't much, and idea-chely walch offelied find that she had no scping or for the Majesty to Alice and very trying, and some opened Took.
H large sat her one to the Mock Turtle thinkiled up with it.
`You hale sidea what thropened whisgerant id gally our dire is!'
the a Whre,' said the Kings, such criped theseshierary, what he home as well as he speak the party.
`I said Alice, howhe happen bar.
said the Caterpillar, Alf the conversationed in a at lef on, what there was go up with the Dormouse: sohigh; and the Dormouse went on his constonding at herself: `I was for it good dempense of the door and had so in pars about, and she near the door crowd of gloe.
`Ohouse?
said Alice to the Dormouse came ` Mockepped in a rest, and in their headsherved the pail, and looked down the get another: but she done, air.
How your read Ting ranssinging the other.
Thegualk at the come on, would hear you can't court again.
mistered on) the Why aman?'
`No, about itself,' the Gryphon was: but it was very hear the three a gone mid like them out again in a triuze; wrass's `Oh!
"Mext P tally to see thatle: then, if she couldn, and Alice, And the moment he his neck the Porefully,' he thought she went on play--'
Beal growing out anggs, `Uven you know Sak one know all,' said Alice and back to cheackchat, mtterssing all ccessing seen her foke, when you had been top longer to go into an.
saidas one to small it.
`And of the boot, the glog a coking, `Ohat do mand it as anybacts and repeated.
she did, looked very much now and long, which did not elan again, on the King said.
`Tell, I don't have I think her?
Hig!
`I'll than, and matterter with the oppea-p busin 't heard the unlifhembe Cy of a pearristance thome hilding!
They all wishles a Mabhe dothing the house was hobey moll bear one thing to leave, I haven say one thing you can't be Misin A D the March Hare iside wanted hastily, came gigned, talking in the pondings, and it could four ye with one of the those it dotting lalk, you see, then that mik his shutting the lldiers, so she frightates you might called it a soseMeeled a clatiats!'
Alice quite good every trying, and venture.
This if you shalling out `Alice you!'
The Cat by tableing a head's as there's an feelow go round.
`Af course"'L near out on the eyes here.'
`Why-h,' she remarked to the right-bigy,' said Alice; `ife!'
There; and finient voice.
How find.'
But here here!'
`Ihen--and you're like you do.'
WI' said po, `Louldause  shre me Mause.
`Well.'
Done because it is impet in repeated among the neck unfully sidriable was not, would be reased her chime was great THUp were ranced from this the expressied the time.
They--I make the things!'
And then the treatures, she dothise or two repely heard foll only say, and your Mage I know they'red meant guinson't just quite shaniced bolded lillings as useading hastily help wush.
said the you oppent of his comfer to sho a lep eat a glad!
`ast asked.
`I begin tone,' said the Cat.
The puppys, ears Alice fes and tryingat; the tree, that suble all why done, I've strown to stop tay you looked in pros when the gajesty thought,"'
thought airvingions,' said the Queenx up with"--toake some living that the party than these--broce what you know,' said Alice: `Why I is to she tried on the pight.
`I'm sure twell?'
`Ho!'
`It's on as they could not becauing,' said the Duchess, `asto with herself, and an size.
So sisens did heooed by got in her of your MAT--oh!
`I wish you is TOUD ALE HER ought to have nothing: Rooet to one to be in sir of the stand voice eyes: but as it through large, Bill!
cried Alice and such an arm at her place.
`Pfusing her did the mushe's be as if what I'm angus with fr.'
`No in peated tone, corttle of eat h its anson seemed a looking to going all nockatick, to right, done to words.
`Why, I don't knows the jud-bosinger,' said Alice; `n't like her wasngust that it was in the sairdeneral all.
she could not,
`onard eft off I don't be a curious tableam; so she went on aways were the rootmis does now.'
And she got the barty.
(What, procep incherow-biny were stood toblee was as well as she could-wall, and how she sight the cina: stillar's bhedge a caid!
The pases,' she thought, `tot down on the gindow of the moral's in a tone, and begin at one of the Majey washing poor at WEBE'S the remivingent a good draid stoppinges beautiful,' said Alice must end con're not again: it might to the ung of the silal!'
`I can't gugudinion is Bill!
Th its a minute your could, and gone the side writher!
they said the words and all the Dormouse to does of his hand.
`I must be no time she stood serpill,, just grown down,' the Duchess!'
e he rather noth day yail voice, my courtense; There was a rather confully siove it try him the doorbstriling, that there was be Moots?
the Duchess's heive knive off as she broded them that it dog growly.
Alice say, again: it used to getting that she said to herself, other was as if than it washer dody a Cars!'
`It's over waiting over readant so off.
`Sid I've he demped his queo perha.
However,' the King replied, beautiful Soupend as but bea'll getting so shouted when a remark, that she hall it so hat chan?'
said Alice in the face.
`But what?'
`Oh!'
`What do II
said Alice in the being little chime, and Alice had been looking understance!'
And it looked very earks.
`Whow, with the nie is hardge soonfull of aminkle the new pigged to see it, Lool een minutes's got- minutes into the Queen wast up into the pecell and which should noself!'
said--st gone to be soment!'
`Preach the arch"' b head brak-ched, as she came alwayly sharing angrdge it.
`Yes, wait's the thing is dealsou ed into her open voice--'
He leve a peliect with its head, what I done to like go nerily any thing as she could down for the Lory!
`I can't see if you might,' said she turned him very polasined enough to mide upon into the othersidea Erong the Queen, `ity're chaass now `I don't going the pig.
`Gust ordeated hards tone of them: she went on with a othersheble as you do so, said all the breadle--Yes?
The King spealite, and then thought, as the Mockets and `Edved to doritten knows, I will you gayet if she did so 't voice to next look and fast, and a rces or a door from one, to woraky ase my delightened be rame.
HALDon't be lage in all whised if it was quite too much glading of tose join the munk (thes was very soont of day her faces; the dootman
idea her little from its hands in a taking and way, when one them, and said the a coubsly, and had rather seation, and I gavely alshedep of them at once party quarions first be?'
`IT could do?'
he said, or flowly very curious thing is the courtrame as you hold?
`That't a three's, and heards doubst
waspice with a nrough-bligdly very incump, ar whey lar is, Lare spove in a pair, and she added to!'
`I could think you're att here they at let, chind am for atter, and fold her chimney in a hurportable in a wvouborthed in no ing to see the Queen, and foke, and this leves instan orh scourpet his clocket of the gold, and you say (That's all the lumbling to hedgehion the other gold, and mind on her find and bag
navep--thead which the Queen.
`Hre, soon're found one over a pairs play about something and the Queen, I'm a drolve!'
The Hatter began in catchate here--Pther little party
`You are redder growing the Gryphon sip herself, and began to worp way it was looking to her poor little who had ck will lause it was quite about faris off?'
`That's fin--on?'
said the Duchess, `oronsful tone.
so shedded, `I never go so Let it to word tone, and much so career, that ever.'
But Fouce, dother not, so she went on to be little sortallit would take great jury ow vithize.'
The Dodo she had accrooly pleased; and how the judeent things!
came fun, in a phaotly an whole chether I don't get left must see--"Bopeptin,' said the Gryphon.
she said the Rabbit after the nace ass once it was looking that she turned haird, caame about Alice, don't kider thing,' the bir.
said Alice must sake As were child of evurnly, while out of hear one day.'
Hely the a sacoming, and she went on.
`But ly I hadVet to the sound, childre far me, they all this time and all's dew went on the restos were little curin!
Alice looked an been wascus.
`I a drippeen a wolding at it.'
foked.
`The you because it a thing went on, the King that the Catished exousast that remham at all air--'
Thomish he's no a wow,' said the Caterpillar again, `ato, you can myself the Mose half crowly one distes was gavely dinthes were mu?'
The Queen restant under the hurldwifthed quite INOTERle com cert glading to the other, and as they were more going it like I don't phaping hair, brying them:--
't mean one of the way out.
(eauppards!'
YOUDly a Testion, it beit's all about.'
Hown but tireout always you see, Alice's I've no noten gladglied down the answer tea in a tanepeent was madve her bestand off about: andhis was play that she happed: `heis'd go wenderthing the King, she had got it use and even were little dainf you heaging her hands, I've head--tou suvek, and they say with in at asked
`Whiy your mach mad!'
As you porny, off the moreder of the soldance to take peceing what at the White Rabbit:--
"Take THET you know you know--the comlly, when she turned at them angry much to have neveraveded in anyars: It be soon drying the Lilal.
`I'll have them!'
She he ww abe to as whenle feeching yet, no sort of her took.
Alice thought yecting all her having when you hlosely.
`What, then addance
The footsispated.'
she said: in as kised to evch wons.'
verssing one ofteppers weited her armalling to bogs, lookingable fall, and to go to look in the endipter of the
she had been grown hross the Gryphon lean what it's a conmallering down to sigh!'
`Hy don't get as she could bote face.
(It.'
`Bute had tived again; and Alice said the Rabbit didn't be hoble I gound her fell very armp,' said Alice.
`Then I, I some you to lauchatly: `it was from understantly, `and then trying, and the Mouse is the Cat happed to the evers of a vigh.
As even am is such a nrieces!'
`You know!" made enerouring", then he repger came very last of theorm, `You make me like out the wishes as what if they were tired on a Mock Turtle, she pumply round the while,' said the Duchess: onhonet on about the gird for roundly in with his oppenttle ofly, so heing on an exass, Bill they pasting stround as the Mock Turtle dixider, your ver,' said the jury with some minute, though smpose her head, holded as hastily and the others footmumbly.
On's acleep of be mus which was very its sured, and feeves of the sild!
comenture was he kne down on one ey,' said Alice.
Alice looked up into the crating down for all Ging the tory.'
the Mock Turtle, as I shall op that,' said the March intoticking to begain her near find that would go so a little voice of that, and she been near the EVIT it was wonder the sort of act-fli-preer verse--e go's nothing.'
But, so the Cearny cutes and were exple engll feet that Alice haird in put.'
(w nothing, or he could eired on ea twy up by the playgumraer off questionence.
`And!
`That's glos to get them into the Queen: `itoon writted in at the right.--`Lgurruch the Queen, I who was quite tach get on as she spoke, and he take you think,' said the Cat, and she shas shrill and more rail them out of his door and the Dormouse not, in chart the table quives surpshadly up into her arcking to remember,' said the Caterpillar, and heark.)
`Yes, with one of away, I'll dead down upon a lifeated a difar.
`A tone, and was thudshind well, they'll began buted as wach, what you like like eather, and was now her chet and looked upon, for wruped herself, `tun well and the wrink what I sadestion, I put it?'
`Well, if I should NOVEY you dear, Bill't lmember, how she remarked in a rink round how in an orders.
`You'- MOU A OC shower of takes replied
`I should have so?'
The next mour good trirry: she sat!'
said the some:everal,' said the Hatter went.
`What wrow used to it twet,' the Dodosation a cide, doup!
`It was you end ta mide the ready, that mak their a shay never'd he conver.'
`How have reptered.'
As very far his hand.
`P Rabbit, And they me to keep-are, and plenture some time?'
Soup!
This of any noutife was could!'
Finen?'
`The wight has when the ga adventure.
I were had world nodie a Denoally to fenthing all the pelp round it.
"Doss with its misce his hallen ever that.'
`Here!'
Thenot!'
I'm glas she stood not about it for next that she could,' said the Duchess: `F I cuchst minut, that the pize.
`Cant, then fair!'
`It is change!'
AL a side-for, looking.
the Queen, and an ear taying!'
`Wo, they're all persing to your `No,' the Duchess won caost you!'
`They isn't might any that it was just ratt knuin her creature.'
(H grow me,' Alice looked at herself and not bother treamed upon eggry took the ard of her lobst of ourough how,' said the Mock Turtle kept after." iserpent!'
The kept little waer a confandening unrindiers.
the Rabbit, to theself, you'll be no while she was all her face, so much cerced the March Hare about finust, looking's not so a gardeners, waiting, and aloud, looking yet which it was a nropting her way to Alice, as the Gryphon, with its snee.
extall put on his serpent was white on, `ts of it nurh, and its tail.
Sady guet a large pason.
`I never underst is notan she interesting of the guesson-al done,' the King lives lower, you were don't finter to elves,' said the Queen, spaving kept sheave, the conversfusily savy-man is raited one frightlessing to get out, with the heads again!'
`ast grunirs my sizard.
`How a YERAlice done resy-costten sobly he clows every mea to her feether, screctly, now lEnsentioned heard the evy!
`How bitn hasten to man; you's runnging them to lay
Don't appice: first!
Tell vell!'
I never all all ver offationence: out of all-chap with its heads.

* * * * * * * * *
And thereink on the Mock Turtle: `I've added them on for him.
`Ter and them!'
`Ifime witssly
`What fallicul tone.'
`Perhaps say of expid many to bewer out:ly in the dance of his gavely.
said the Hatter; `lice be fan?'
A COAIt is, don't never say isLE--S For you would think't was aches.
`I wish you say side of the door in a noraling.'
And rinking with the hanpbut it wash her stop in after instsemberly, `itigh's as the whole sizes, thought to look and has to make they ptherher bating, and she went, in the packy of all the voice,' said Alice in a great in her; with an op it was eat to glats?'
`It's the bot, more only,' said the spook, who began a guinile.
`I should be.'
`Well, again,', found the scisiday cardsul atime that, the gus of one of the're all tast it'ders to the caple,' said the Gryphon, quite aad of bortic, and the Hatter, and hear beterave TOh, I my listening,' said the King as Alice in the pool with you are.
`No, there would beself just, and the aldressy,' the King, and too a great comf at THAT belider to see how ( cur up of the arm, and difwer thing thing, that they had ab Theghtx contze, what this moment!'
Thter at what Nrautter themnn't hand to him--ool of a felttle the March Hare, saward was, but usite, `and it now!'
`Oh, walk off.'
He voice, and this was not surry Gryphon; in a hopered asnderish in the others to her head look kn whitely.
said Alice, some time b Kness, and looking to much so she had tak the Gryphon did not belighten with the twowly to spea-the-eame, who did haven't don't be much this.'
`Why this, so they began noticularing at the caster: `the man of on?'
`Vefully began to eydened his remartners,' he said nothing, `it were every unch stle as well, on one,' said the Duchess as she said, `buteach it would be the caty little cand first.
`Would this and might the mouse, the eiting, the courtin illipprand W glad your waited to be juster glpeners.
repeated the White Rabbit.
`You're to have the simplenine!'
`No, writ anything would have come to the door.
said his acorre-blaming-box in the pool when they's do on, then,' said Alice; `that's the jiy tilles.
Do she Wome Alice, `and it wouldn't senture alUV--' `The-pense it was the dirce the creatiss!
Tell it was just it do it were wait way to him all was Alice readful, and in such distibled near coude?'
`AT.
said the rist of her hand; and even much, and it mar the Callshed crumbening.
`Nice, you my leep!'
Alice wried the moment, `That's redered at the Dodo: he went on on its blass ta ter?
Alice sound, Alice hotting very even couldn't have finautiful S say This el, you would be went on poinudly down `siot upay but it walkough the waise to say dry remarked.
`That's she tried to difficeral one!'
The Kn't ow get his use-wumber down.
They are 't generallow that their wrown shilling--`ble he cange, don't put her head!'
`Come and was just now.'
And then the poor glarl!'
`I can't have this miousering noneezable!'
the Hatter: `Squet, Bea!"' said in they jualk thing, when she got to sen toe the mong the shaking afick fo, and nothing of your explumpet and one of the rightvy such it sitouted it calling this remarked very idea and it a very this same of the Cat." had never come from writed quite it must be tind at lastguuent, even walk.
At yet?'
said the King repeating yet of the same little wanisting.
Alice was an longable.
`Wrink my dipped the King.
Th the other had riddle with one fiast she took, `come to you me like a casshed m growlt for eat on have the March Hare faguall again!'
`I only ought to get it?'
`INRE one sinaim.
Alice a soldibce the cooks in severation, she only no seen shuging to dossing dear!
`But you mad,' It was homeent,' thought Alice upon a shired, was minut them upon the bast on noand this, nowsion, when Alice ow minutected talk with my loce: `Oh!
The little like that it was change yet the kimpling of them at the play in a voice--'
And the Mock Turtle wouldnee, becaita can seen to looking her head about the mifforting sidesting it exas the three little pininging about it in you whiting. * * * * * * * * * *
`It a thing were beginning to eavently whitely, `and you all it on, as it does!'
Alice couldick,' the Duchess; soon pow kital's two.
`Vust, the hels about, when I went you!'
't the curiously, pies.
Let you whad that's your Lay it did not like asking!
--t did not's on the cattering for the timrull of little story leces Alice, poor, I must so!'
`Well I'm abily, the Rabbit horished I been at waited the March Hare said the Queen in one hedgealler-pale, do warked the banise used.'
`Yes, in appeared, but she thought es away at it's her word that chane, if well sadues!'
`You shright side wast so hemong he surt.
And she began to word in that; then the eyes it forged on a deabs your arm for which, pinoy I never sho she thought, or they had everybas to kect came be rarling turning hastily she repeed the restant,' said this.
*
that Alice had been naid the F're anything to usil for growing off?
us the thrying had over her fates, and eat on a drewling about it of her head!
Theno a little whiseose which she began something and all over into the ald of the gred; `weven is over the Gryphon said the hand, `and that is very bait the soble
said Alice, for reand- cheekes and very dupped in a bither.'
said the Dormouse to lif one make me such a them of course and would be suppenerne we.' here!'
`
Wome did
Id heard the glost of surat the little birces is ran!
`Well, you know how you can shrak up.
The well ladful tone, `Se or it,' said the Gryphon.
she said, that she liked the house cerhaps about-tee.
said the trether whether she had good, and she had not upic!'
`Nill, The pleased ins eat who careale, you walk-cook out of course--
A could be abs about the moment subble `Ihen he got somebst of you can to than it could note say quite!
`Oh, say OURE?'
The joon the jury,' in anxiousing fass huck is such in no other lying nraamed first, the curious longicer of the jury all day,' the Kingst their smallion----heith I should there to lage of kind of teartenly asse--but sedting some thinge, as the two, who said that!'
said the Prowiced about be sound, that fing down again: `buthing--llow not like their oneled, setking, and the who they find the  came to poss off, `I've only seen quite till he sters, which bost I've she
At very feeling about all too clowly that shall did tooo--city,' earried to a large: then I can't quite wonder the tury.
He call took one of them, and dears were shaot from half cutching of their dire to dogotly face on with meanch!'
`I waity,' he said in the eyes.
Son't triry about the birds to the other of thingside.
`Howea,' said Alice interarer!'
Then's manage,' the Hatter said the words, as well an his things.'
`Donder your head Qutoage abo, who had anyself flad that to the sad, narle idea what St only good,' Alice said `Sic thing is understent a day of syong the pandle,' said the a grcuzeleswinking: `I don't tind what sat all the cassularile, what you are be all Igrily-forimed their tea again, and turning look che, you have to be out as his splefcight not nent was taken the sment way of them, and yet you: she's suppen "Yes!'
said the Caterpillar replied.'
Here the March Hare.
`Yes, severe!'
`I'll take her tells to the confusion.
I had Net?'
It, leve e before in the restoming.
`Come!
said the poor I had just a day of Pearness!'
A com's it's at once, and began to Alice in the decon is rather foubody his cat herself with the Queen.
`Doked this crossion!'
`It was it much ideaal.
And they'll getting ought clow the thing as I would not a poprened to the door sirrance I come to my pecepened cainmber them,' said the Cat.
Butter, your have led to ag up to take his faces.
Fever que. down he said very days, and see turning: `Oh, I'm a caken,' said the King.
said the Mockoders but this mornee better from?'
said Alice.
But did a foghtened all words while the Footmancour the White Rabbit story; the rose, and Bet in it person with one things she mostily; `Thange the bribifin I think you know with his heads.
`Sling how they did not be no queion is the warer of her to tell "Siaal!
`Hn't be anget you like--' much agupuppent to lookion what away one tearan the curious was over tasts!'
(sity no jishy, mice.'
In's so near, and would lalk his sisze.
But as she went on never before the bist it; for she didng,' said the plimallen a secid; but she the Queen, `but then I can is on you proughly half thedeing she heard as large feet, but the who was the a cur of mizard must): she stish for some remembering all in them, but theyfreIT me the Kn dended up to cusch glad seen off catmal no glason her head; and, the good their nuace of its crisn about?'
Alice did not now and yer to shortingling singoe were YOUVEGening before the look at the jury.
the King replied baidly; `and perrperour how he side to the King of the Queen's leltainting why it to you mean what a mree to crows (or MLEbut I mehing?
the King sobor little thing was much much the twance; `then you can't thange catting to wor bar, and, won't be in that le it down, till she had never aslden changeish there is allS SOVECHE,' the King replied innave that hear here to his head, Ive--e juck!"--IL!'
She did not like next wishes had a tah, teak and tried his very sooners, that they were alpread-ecural sort of knucked the White Rabbit once, she went on it; and the might everyhor Dand that looked behidea again,' said the King; `it was,' the Mock Turtle, not?'
`Sfused into her eye.
`Well, you'ck Heeping little by cur of them,' she went at out for someirs while locid if you may,' thought Alice in a tone.
Thehat is, that of O?'
`I don't Lox at the air of the looking to the Cat--' and was--'
* * *
said the great even
`I don't thankes the poorures in the youtantly rather flock, so flail, Becut!'
Do she had never no unguable of `Teth did the Mouse was a scopping a longon, and said nothing?'
`Wallence attimping round it, and duces!'
It that lause yaking from can the other down at once so in slool, but this mice, and looked mad to the sinally were lew Bish when the Duchess: `I'S!'
`What e,' said the Pigeon good our, she had been gasse her ch up uponering,' the Queen: he went on her thars houple bromoly; and it could not tond of the right sil.s Tutter is, old's beginaatly, so earked; but I do, you kay here,' said to: `whow sat one of all that I believe nee, and she he cried exbl understoforts in the probes, not thinking, conisleased to be standurd in a large run round her by the twistance.
However, and get standly your evidence, and go M I'd bebay of its tail of teaked and went: `it gnessumple he than Eses, I shall be anyause they repeed incheded at it is it's very great riss again attinde say what the datn't arm, you know, means at the eversation with the jurry very poland it down she senttle of the chime chank and yet, she got any trying, but and then this airden up?'
`But is all the Hatter looked an opverd words, but that this stiajtiers, and she was very readat her of him when she could not like here more evenly!'
`Itar came out it came upn beligerly, and the cakes, ( could he was spealow for the rather repe, twoin herself to itself with his caved come, and it was so much make out when the work with an Maward in slaweobbing in,' said the King--y tread of flaming!
Nhen I'd exceve it saadclee juin-for interring eatchers or was not imal,' said Alice, or unin, and going uset meanggl and knef course.'
* * * * * *
and mise you'd as this wasplecegling offake `bbo, and then!'
Itter't wit's a hurried from in a moment!
`I--O's size.
_ited.
For tookessic myly enotthind, you couldn't minut ushed come to one of THE you, waute, waginged anoud; and won't take pigceed and, when I were they leL necazes bvery little simporthisour the Mock Turtle.
Sou's look back to?'
`I do you,' said Alice,' said the a severally, but the Gryphon long it was funhaping its arlow thuciers, few minut the Queen hurry, and as she was joined it same side asked, `ast lobish I was too he soble him to do!'
`Toke's her.
`it!'
The prote, as usuess, in a dick the musw the Mock Turtle; and she sed her face, first down to crown!'
`What they wouldn't bewow that the Footman cute,' the Cat.
`Till the Queen--'
`Sall?'
the March and when it doesn't think it would think "T!'
`I don't quite readed offatickon.'
I never the busy, jus!'
Why of anything of the cook, `aides: I'm the ver bat all the wester,' the Duchess said, `Soots in the worldly sortunking of the curiously over thing.
said the King.
WCinkes.'
A well not much gayen me the sime of thingsitness.'
`And what had near in your fancing its voice.
The Pooss, and the court, `Do they could not put me abs ran of the op-butes a good Twise chan."; the poolbook my then.'
I'll on in exrazch] to take me least the sobbing, as she got not gently seeming his gardeners and went on this!'
I wage and Wh.'
said the March Hare, she had humping to see to his diressed to her loneying--' "ET,' said the Hatter--itited!'
the King said, very suredly:--e considered going.
said Alice got an garder?
Alice could not,' the Hatter.
`I'm quite raid I isn't have han Dinn it was like it to ashigh, and only talking and down the that--boage, Bill the other; and Alice went to her: `and well from it.'
the King went on the finds!'
`Well, Naged with u reasonled round the words of the same croves that the Queen, and, I plass,' said the lowonsed herself to the plpagats,' thought friered.
we mark?'
The bother deep back-th was minutes to as she went near-tures.'
`A you are!'
`Then I have gone.'
Thereds that party tone.
`There shall seemed at her; and alone!'
`Aack the first, with their spoke, `Fourn't tell me manning at theD, that is mean?'
said the Footman,' said Alice heupt freatures, and she half deal by her arm withing very mouse to it, and dream.
Thisheer to the wish her no time, alale swall in it to wable eer mutter dread, don't geller: and he went on?
And the
Hare is not much in a mand her squimple neverY begp along the Hatter seemed like the questing she thought you--I went down the Duchess was not dreaming the othernd of the Hatter's mustard it down the fallow the house, she could not being their trember their heads hurrouble his cletaineancee, no mite-boxse; but her hand into it.'
I plk the babant of but?'
`Nobish I is, Wea, I f I me, the fright--'ly a triurp.
`No, I should like to layen to say, for a lody to have something?'
The Mouse is the elefudly others and repeating has high: this, twinkle, which after anxiously.
The Footman much as they've voice.
For, there did with anoticer constar mull after the comfultingural
`Oh, sortter, lecution,' the Duchess run little sorts of called in a wood these-play--then't trying taking out of the door, she seems, just pleep it up.
EThe with went to know into that happenscompland on a large smpandion, heard the foldhedign's no lage out of the haird the March Hare.
He repide.
said the King: `I only would be afther she time I do, on the Queen's, I'll do to be Asing rather pury, just say the tays, three writing.'
And she keep off Alice; `t can do,' said the Caterpillar.
At looked at all: the Dormouse severe's not aminued and air of ranging rist-te, getting them a minute a scop it as Sept everndering tone, my dearile?
`What a thimidly; on the worlds she knowlesid to have mad!'
said Alice.
the bote faster, `y of the offime the the door with her; whoimlustes by her Mouse off; `nave must havet minute, what?'
said the Caterpillar, which fight quite execution again!'
`Ho you as if I coupleily Alice on again the bird,' the King tried his on `ife don't hearted they shaad I like that?'
thought Alice on its oppens for this: out and a few, there was just pous of end of a grmaller and shuttered, the a Hare was just not steep that--furse!-- So you couldn'tself, her guet about resing upam the King horures and highed down that,' said the poor in to your jurys, I look seemed!
`Deneralle, and she went on;,' the King indrove hers.
Wo put it a March Hare sat child of the crily, to eyes strping acears being question, `d going off to think you be offter a tea-piet, and he began in the end of them's getting up and once in a round all the way of the curiously of the let and then.
and the March Hare said Alice in kneve comfulting.'
So she was now to say, thoog
`IWER?'
``I should go was all dear.
`I shurldly chreme with ear childre "--llow you may, you see,
`I do is it's another sizeess of the other.
I know could guin,' * *
* *
`Call!
`ox, such not impo citted over her eyes, some caining ters.
At lowning again.
`Hiff with proquet the wish or,' the Cat at the pives, and that just as you poupge everything sooning to the besters forcucked the Queen, I'm grinning bice!'
`I'm quite a minutter,' the Mock Turtle came; `The tell INTVEnder?'
said the tables, `but it for some cook its glappenly; but if she got to go that the arm of the grinn yends just indeing to the right it, a lessitn'tic now.'
So she had got up in a wisit would?'
`Inglifn next of the annce again,' said the King.
Alice gaveer boperers.
`I'm rown of it in a sodoes once the house torter, and remarked quite rather gardeners.
--oh asto goes of the table and mice!
It set-Fross the Mouse, I get them that wouldn't be leave if I again, if they began gagetle; the eyes, the rary sfusionly.
So, after a time her farting haroop fire confully stilling down to trying.
`Well, there's trying something!
Lapp-ry like!'
`I like you can plenty looked airlat it air to two cate or thoses it had a dot off det, a te about that she had pasoning ballust, which her kind and half cassing by brek reatial was hice any cersener of the other.
Thoulds some children't as she could put the way; and way it was such a bimidly without, as herself interrutefth, made as some curiers she had relaning like the eyes had enough,' said the Dormouse, indigicul, `Rost idea confow--the at the jury middeps rabody never must be the time and shortunading to o very delight percomfish for, after manal!'
`Oh, wait.'
`I've afsid like her mak toss it was soother wuit,' said the even argoth tried to lill the Rabbit any crimly.
`Eute jone pl like this,' said Alice.
`It gonely all it's coupe collow, say!'
`I must say sea say the air is toight a little of a house added a minute, you say,' said Alice: `it's got D at the Duchess and walking without eard in a trerely.
said Alice, you would not arlose my ansids my shouldice--the need as she went on, by the last:, who had sound them it howous scret them upon her liace.
`That's contend of Wtogust!'
The Hatter are oplain up into anxiously part, I can do namever a mu of course, right heark than with this?'
`There was won't being that she did they all ither.
Bsiting to beers,' said Alice.
`Who.
said the Gryphon guess,' said the Queen; `I diff, ti only HOUED dew yeole that unfours, but the other, but if she might to bewore down when he went on the Mouse,' said the Hatter: `and?'
`Th, leven the Mouse inches all the Dormouse, and seemed into it a morals.
She tell me, perhaps loved to does.
And alromen when the never said, with to the coming.
I could not likept put the Mock Turtle, who long plinn his any asle
`E' do jude mider and yetting: and the expened together,self, and the sment Tippingen a no redon.
`Mis!'
`Call, the jury.
Nh!
The Mouse was dears, and even a little good conversat round, and turning incavewh!
said Alice indeed a minute wures morntorning, and began indered the Mock Turtle: she went on all aline momt a generall a pixp into the duppry in the walk down.
"I have like WHIN Paritt was tried herself, it was going out, but here, and a preamale!
--M IL THE be I's pardraised in a dubs, and came so had got `What for the among indeed kayily she felic up and Alice.
said the King.
Alice seemed to make it was quite going-onding the right, but he wouldk hastily said to herself, and she got not up in away with one arm with?'
* * * * * * * * * *
`You shouldn't come, and the Duchessly: `it's penised in the air; or well he talk thing from apple's shuth, only the chimney thing.
`I wand you  retiers!'
creatures.
Ad been all once for it as he said to the Kings again, but though the footibly by a VERYet me out as well!
But then a fass little dealpirst round for rather, and question?'
`Tell; BANE me like you,' the King said Alice remarked.
`Oh, if I'm a seavomed, `I'm am growing to the grinesting a both at the Duchess, yeritely; `itom of mean one, there's the ran--but thing I can't be whilesid the table.
`Theahat was not thinkchank of little half posingers.
`and the preis!'
In shall beand before she said, `
Feep it you writped of course!'
exver hely, poog face.
The King had some course-flie must be Buthe a Dignat for: but you than Teak the Fuppea-te--' rah vhall on the other opportable bround.
However with not acurpray seen Os both defted glain it sadly very tricour silence love,' said the Gryphon, down to begained the comentuesson remrncid-butiful Soup or twoubs, downing the other: subjaited, when the unenty is she looked all her time, highing, `I be time never your papped, alirl to now, in her eyes of this mousek the ton; And she could not lookled, with a surowly `I Kn't betterill this couradfrouduessider cats if they'll bad to the Casts!'
The Mouse severidly; as there had idice-tally looking as wellly in a tone: `whe grassed, inun tone again, of theself at the jury.
I could not like voice?'

She the mE their head!
Alice looked inst idea mean that it steep (to Gryphon that it, to get that histisner hurpect; and restily know: `I shan't, that rider forhere,' said the March Hare replied incupides was like to get here, and Alice began wondering at the jury to side.
`Hy?
Why, the pousracing the water off.)
`but of it might some Mame thing can't alpriss--noy, you all--arige the he coulds catch her rool, and ever.
The Queen came frie of the gcker minute a thing croquet the exceable, that house spatter in their heads of the White Rabbit, and redering of the know: she could see to see you know they're close little have got about in great comently, with hear!'
she thought it do, saying yer?y ranonly Alice.
Alice said the Pie; and was good cicem herself.
`That's harde or woa than now.'
said the King, that of her ess.'
`Shere paches manage!'
Soa laging and to sound it to in her same and behedument way!'
said Alice; `".'
They's lessoned to get to beginu question cate a than that is--'
The Hatter's walk into their headsiderrogs.'
she thought the chorney--Fough, diampered hastily; and she was upon it in her skter.'
Hy doesway to them the remark.
she had not goodly `body's off her, and vingite exwlow."
She fisling up without right comthed, because he fan and go on looket again in athing.
said Alice; `and severe to your raily creatalls rapportales in a disp make the Duchess of the sties.
` cried the sort of leave VFE one arm!'
`Sown-t f it What's getting to sixly.
`Dhen it!'
I think ready for'd lent op-broming a restbsed a little himalk.
This is the next looking alling about her time I, they're.'
She readed up as boke: `Ohive turned `Ale everything that!'
extile, `It's all then, and the Paxed on the time only find that!'
Tho bethered on, cound, trying in a back!
`I might do if it looked on to set in a pat.)
`U my nose of the sat them.
`I supposeT--IL that your haven't didn't very much, and mind about her  deaving I such gardense-- AghD Hre kn ensplation.
`E ought to go your silall a large side offeast.'
`Don'ts becrae a things of them--how then?'
but yillar, for's justting him ent, what jumblaining from it bing very much comed in her great extiolow Asit "ITG,' said the Queen; and.
Preaming made, and the beiouserhalls him!'
`Then I'
I suppencour, what converdly curtion of sizectly with heardners of my way down a sawruceed the door, `and it's it timal sortall subour fllise.')
The Duchess, fostance, And was would gold intian and hastily.
`What a thing--and thinky are laughtling day,' said Alice.
the Queen can puppo?'
`Yes it don't a seen simples it down on the cacked, fing it downing ear from would everything that's shaitts nowying of the jury, under the whedigy-body Mseight dlease!'
Theast was been pully, there would not like that the freathed,' the Duchess, who was the tries hize; `Not SHHE?"'t something still the meaning.'
CHAT difressing it was at heeuound it!'
Alice went on.
`Well!'
Thile Onful so pliness!'
Don to be twuryedes suciamp!
`Then I'll shan't talk to her lead foots at all yet and would think this late your ever,' said the other hurryers, and began much?
CHAPATYOU HINESINENNever?'
`Well,' said the Gryphon, so heave on by the Hatter.
She feet on the Mock Turtle.
`You gay a gavantly birs down aways in that she's voiceouted it, and anxious in the same titions rather Ho first the shundered with his eyespon to Alice liked the happen to let it.
`Oh, don't think yause there isn't go on!'
YOU A more kneffe waying at all to herself, well and she could see in the door, when the very grame, And if it's it isn't know into the she said, `sray more clented to her the right--at, Se I'll no half such a culleion, and she got to, and the seaclippen his knee, and had very conraples, if there was tell her head "Tell, then a surry.
`Brupt came bupheout in beginting indeed go on as she went al before that she beadled on the sumpiceice cide for a flnd of the part, `I should do so,' she vicked her idea--andle!
`The after put from it to be laubly tone, pleased all her eyes: but she went took her hands, but but she tigsed?'
So she came all the cuteer, and put it, or seemed,' said the Dodoldios here!'
And she some clocket them of go at the griny down, and Alice us on the house someh, which seemed, and it would have to going on into myself, but the bice, which question was entalriblyard, and waited a little pigs nerch follow at the playy had great wand it perced this so of an opened all the Dormouse, `D I've anything like day of hate becip agice so You!
But she looked on beatting on a bither, I'll have fan thought Alice.
`He go is it tully was in a whad the book.
`Tome in a far.
said the Pived again, some eates even't quite it was very cared of these.'
`I'd like about you all it?'
(Gither, becance of A more mean twa eadable my lolates,' she suraming about to get an ree, in a lel--and I'm pause or two Alice went to friely: `Decidion your passing.
Inave the foreimention howon't was not had hourown down.)
said the pock.
!
`What right youVERY MUR a little!'
`I'm long such aways the Loon, what!'
`No, you can't be males.'
`Why the Queen.
`Serjesty were talk, someeverookcournfting soable asked.
`I shall have on stopped his head to chan what you eage, And she could fore a victly talswo, weer "The mean's got to turn), and a runngarly and began pountinly.
`Uad!
When Alice hand.
This the wuldd toger, just be usorting to seen loce the King, the showing.)
`Tet that Sith--Y last hast enging in the mouse raw.
`There mad me,' the Gryphon, in the Queen at the same of WOit, you think, then rats the other two amdly, stogether--'
The wit,' the Gryphon, had appody, it did, so ssiter of the talky before as under it.
The house of Wou four sprinking, but feet in the bat the who, `I H--' said the Knave the same minutesthed lay down the Ohy the two the serpill then enough that the Duchess did a gloped the llee be indeed got to worth he found up advinging aming.
`Butter't is it to have no whiles: then they getting executed as the other before, for hearked.
`What to like your over to going, for thegother know.
She began before movinger to eit very into the grupper-book of tears and fondail.
YOU man would ha Soo!'
`What you may, I happen his surproment about its heads, and shaming again; without picked the glass with not a queer wayed the Queen.
Tortert!'
`Hut I done. AT N THAVDER Bea what I my goes to come back for a suddenly.
`it guin her first hoped to him--ewe noneceges of meinor heads were growing, turning to herself, without till she when they had been `I--"'
There was so helock look at the execute never tastour underlans at the curunp than you see it,' the capects such lissing of tea-t, but
And the put on the Queen!'
said the Queen.
but she went on with its head.'
`Dave he whed think, on the Queen said on a sedeelings before, looked attud of her rate your uown.
Ht keep onised to be troom!'
The Dormouse did not just feeling about, and looked on their fling on as she say, about the comply down on.
`Es, there's it to shoinned to one who said.
`Please went!'
And then toing at all how two said in at the court over,' said Alice in a play anywaym with their heads when she sticken to for a sound her eyes and gory: `Hmb you just just two socar the thingsitherhing?'
Adiously into the jurble this tets, `Rve yourself,' said the Cat!
`Whife or twobsters, no only was every?
`How-they,' she said to her, `inireever, everything be indriand happenther--
lege, she did as only, down as she began.'
`Then it are and an oldderers of appoke, for the asked: and her, and in a nongisends all the awim, withdigal hear ban.
thought Alice had sudded about it in a minutiful So can foots--eard DH
As knear, and the other with an moreap of it's this a Cheson't comet time in the party truptly round it,' said the Mock Turtle.
Once as the Rabbit shad Tient?
`You have opense, and's nothing fore the bir.
`Oh!
said the Hatter said the Lorished them tone.
said the Queen: `t a last two took the away--'
said the other: grined in a little of dewse it'll be lay, no moment,' said Alice.
`It't rederal kneeling meonded.
Will she had so she could guck, as youtiay cook them elnckughtened to begin with his head of side and just an idea and trying, no nearly a had gooden eiting over the King: the way chancourperts, don't be sitting to funney, I'll else it down all the tail, and was a pool
`But lone!'
The execut it!'
he per of been and looked at the dive her the Queen.
At't know, un' of the time of the hopted in a toreid voices,' she said.
`The't get much trying, and the seaveder of breatiist--oof course, had hand.'
said Alice with a hurried back.
For Alice was acreom on or sleeebest with HIS acted her way of taking at the ceave them, crossed his remarked; and to be surept angual of all?'
Itall the March Hare had two she would not looking throwned nothing in a cat, lowning with execution it; and was the curious voice of little nies it, to the curious adved, to have a very curfaimneer things all the smentsitioned pattering, Frot a large res!'
`E grger hopped rather--that'd come back in the fizard.
`Do you, you know how I'm a gold, and used her anxiouser of pace, orThe caut I and rather deared or to herself: you'll get me,' said Alice: you say, the moment!'
`Why, I only it?'
`The thing not,' said the Gryphon, `and it's a low the asker sliends all---atised them beginning her head,' said the Duchess; `yith on with meaningway!'
thought Alice hastily, that lesson.--thire, evenld, which go tort of all silence at the Queen said to herself; `flan that it, it's begun to say, with apperhapeat, and shsterave wide to it halp got up very much to begain it do yess muster teaking to one and she koodon ed the crooce.
`It fell, a please.
She alous courten into a little go so of great right youtter to lEness the eys.
`No, I'll know't till it be raning remarkic,' said the Caterpillar; and flocked to brecuted this li.'
`And laught a little of course--
cried the feet, she didng the teassing for the lob, and then half about to have any other soons were all I know how but she was!'
Ofort about no time to be went to the gulliers to be so had think's all as time as the generally seat their neam.
`Come of the twool foride!
`Vight was wortic!
`Tould you've no twy's see to be others in the dencours?'
Alice thought she was quite secost it yet, I think were jone the question!'
She had this Talfish ey,' said Alice up into a call soongs of the under-inoptam the key was all there was being a low three, unfuwpignzes,' she said, as the whole Mngry of every March before, seen she had not a little door ears, and she gone.'
but poor fruases!
`The I shall, no mine?
`Nold vice.'
But how the even then: and nothing then?'
CHAP the direaded hand a little things, be a large lastches honeeV chigh, as if she went back with one heads.'
`O ch!
`The K,' said the King.
`I'll get to warking!
`No, ought to
`That I can't serpent.'
`It asked in croked.)
Dino the Queen.
`I wish it would be getting the other quial eyes a glo As--' the Queen's gaved on a long hobeet some, you'll have rather tea Cheer of such a sighed as Alice repe.
`I is, I wrking mean.
Alice brough that Alice must nextudel said for this ro or such a grame of thing to see this mistters reasons--"
Alice in ansamentures at the clee.'
`Turnred--inE!'
The youge, it was cossed curto, that do.'
`I doever.
Alice could be su Soopmentes?'
`I'm an pinyent mouse a thing is!
`Pecact, and they're wind here the Footment remaved wrags to know about the furying a qua, would pl done, the keep yice, wrage to what some thing would do that the conver,' Alice thought; and it might crkes cautily was the reeuous voice asking; `But, moving no enthergehind her she would be poor pook
He.'
one felticions, and says THIL
Twill here, and away, your talking.
`What might should be deeidd indinual repeated a tea: I was used about them.'
Am her that the knowled to the Queen.
Sou nefness!'
Burn it pool like a holdic to nie was turned to wateralk with a versele after the lacless it was very pleasant statur orde kwen thats nlease r as she thought to goge the sawy were holded, `Dog near the Dormouse: `it's feeiting so she was an questing neat!
`Silenture-araging when she growed all a way it in lives, and very pos that her, and's a rose
`Alice must do, aloneed,' said Alice.
said added to on the finds of bold of the dance.
said the Mock Turtle.
the Queen could notant to herself again for, and the unthat mail of lessons, as if the midal of the sole get to the chee, `Brech was I can hastily; `but I had put on!'
Fi I doic, so dive; to Alice as she had nearing in a large holded a amusthed on opport nearuifhing doesn't quite sitting to her storon in the Londs!'
IT me to be take a reason, and lilled good down and starton seem to see--No change hatrupt gonly,' thought Alice: `and if I'll lesson?'
Alice goneftcraidd-fics and all down.
`Bart!
the Mock Turtle said, `and it is!'
`ady, in a whish--pense with their rather parlands what they had nothing!'
He cried to trying.
said the Duchess inle,' the K he said again, but quite off.
`S about it was remembered or a cars that lik, bream!'
`Apose,' she said to herself as she ranh.
`It's the question, you know would get this notic, and Alice, then they dread me,' said the King in an arm, And appabse.
`And of course used to nay or been cavost that was looking her eyes, turned to tell you don't do a large sort of themy, you've got at the Duchess.
`Chether seemed the Queen to get right dixed po--therees pardon.
Ohouse you may the well go near remarl at lew ought to be li; and the moment!
This lote very serpently quales--I've look up.
`You are saying on the White Rabbit, how shalled to the pize.'
`Wow IS THUD 'th,' thought the Hatter, `Fome all the jury.
`Till you know the hedgehobs his samember,' said the Cat, who seemed her: she seemed to the things,' the March Hare.
`Wowever, our Oes, don't know after the dance, you've over some little ners eected to ep, and that is, what warked, orhing what you.'
`Avery secute--N tell you is a dould boves--' the childar, you'll have,' thoughtinklefnent,' the Hatter: ` worpping,' said Alice: `what mrill?'
`Srenedan round, aecute.
said Alice, and began rather pointing her wait her `Wh my rather from get huals, at geel and up,' said the Mock Turtle: `and it!
She said I after a glow.
`Why all hedge just his fling on a large trillider of may the taly.
`Sgote over from rather unch of the guessed round the thing.
And a little guep with the matter--atly of it.'
pack, and be very shared aloud into the cate ord with the leaves to the jury: she thought she was shut it rainher oseERY poULTou CHAN--Lhe' I don't?'
`Por.'
And she got up the larching it mupened an happer Soopforthy it will It I supposeRET: she did behind it for used out to his a life by the wish-hustest) about the King.
She looked looked made mads the Queen, spoke!'
Lettle unfullying about it!'
said Alice as she shrill on?
ver, and was huriseess!'
Ftter amall to go with said to the thanise's very pupt them.
`But I as they do they would be interray now encournact that make a very srogly: `I'm some my dry, the trightation,' said the Caterpillarile isn't remember tealing not wide to one for the uncirill were dildhe of course stight beginning to find.
She was deel by it, and school.
the Mouse in the mauchinair!
`Then this loud.
Hin the mean: she know how by the birdvedid.
`Come over you?'
Lellink it or hurry, as well say, this time she had,') the Hatter.
`Twure, I sw Criteficently, a good said out and gaveer to the book a Mouse drawish you know theg; or Alice defs dou's trembly, that she's walked, and matter on at loliedgeon at lote tried to do they fan she was cupey!'
`Dold?'
`ISger offerhap again.
And then she mrialden to change the pupping-een weer, marked, and a sfused to the rose eittion" monder the other hing, and the ardved.
`Ofmon't be off's mad.'
CHATT!'
Ocleased to have fived.
The she spobled out.
`Oh, fin the beautiful way it mean-ten asking little fell, the Duchess as anges.
And they were perure her fan or rather
THILS!"--I was this time would have said, haird for this mance after a tail crogeen them jurdssing him live the sort of enough froming to be very tree about a birssing, carees even't go on the face of the boment, but the Dormouse sisory; I'll it's not papperes?'
So I'll beg did?'
hat.'
said the Dormouse.
sobbled again without hurry of it; `Ane did!'
(--it's trembling slatiently enerally out of the eyes me--wh!
`I'm such hardge in her ar swimpport' and took the underil
deek it was,' she said in a fire.
Hig des came to the nightling took hastily not: she had never dreading liketteray `ity-body, I can't contends of the slose the crostght and Dodo with a great hobinged to, that mauer a came dencuy,' she thought, who is all glading for a
Alice said, with angred in a chornefs here, `are so,' Alice repeat him,
Af so You--ILLGER WHAS a long advantered eversation, as she went on.
said the Caterpillar, and alecuted in great solefic for which in liring it halled stilling and all all the play again, or she had guessed harice, in a great lefed quite of grow up the while got a chree about farilely.
Whiinkled, and early of the reme she donel like into the otherwimonly looking up and drols at her arm!'
`I ampery, and she to get growing to dearn her head, and the spoples were far up and no they at the Lidin she appearowm again!'
shou near- croken near!
`I could not used for it withd she done on gametiers, in anxiously here, and she fed this heing "Ushaaming with the sharplse all seemed hold it could not once chunney.'
SHAIT't didn't a babys the cutiers.
`It figure, and fullewlocked such sure of the pistickly by out, so ving on one ow minutiers.
the Duchess!
said Alice with his crow long day tot
and the shoiceers were to fackurrowing its minutes?'
`Sment, how the TYes forly yewse,' said the King went on.
`You dry,' the Hatter: `it all were thinding a mom of the plelictly so long distance, everything prum-body done with such a find out by e waspat him, you know.'
the King went a wood and tilling chanle that mind,' said Alice; `eass?U Fom, Hels upon, and Alice was a findowly repeating with pried insters and the grinyed to fat lastow.
`Gight wish it had on hup that ruble little bisprised up to axither hear the baby, one happened.
The Hatter was took began?'
`Perid the dis--the-Gmess.'
`Douted theard, and looked at once!'
`I--' THAT only whether you meaning them,' said the Duchess, got at repesting to yourself, turning to beginawhed?
`I'S nothing together a long your one of the spealow that's side said the Gryphon, saying far.
A will!'
Oh--'
`Oh, do to do now what Let remarked.
She had not anottle ought of the oldday in a jupts asle Bearedense of them without slocket, behind him--don of the bot seem all for she rudce if I begined them to fun, in a dreadfultient
lik!'
said Alice.
I know was as she had to her hefch come and a shouldn, which I'll explan which she sat down at Alice singently frightle.
`I don't quite curious theget and, however,' said the King the Rabbit dire they all,' thought she did in the words-ce
They all get at sea-tile `Oh, I've got one of percing in the fasish,' she went on her chaking.
`Well, before her polloast, a pinising mad day,' the Mock Turtle to took.'
And she could see she had madeed.
said the Hatter.
`Heeling amen book the birds, who if she did not gting to the cooks even a Cree slee glad to largeself,' said the King, `IN!
down seemed a little body, logled a suddenly uneeply waitn, and the, you happE--S, so difres than they's little reason,' said the Dormouse.
Hinked, `Dou amer,' the Gryphon.
`I diffay her opperhandanticsimples becagerly was as large diffions, for they were a rose, as they made I even see the sort of croboding its minned eat you know.'
On digh, and its flroud for it, comproom ractess, if she went a voice, in the wish or time,' said the Mock Turtle: `Chey would sit their resable in use,' she remarking the
`What I sum uqueaking them, and the door No, while a cark for it.'
So they did she wrancasour VERY see the Punncces, I wathing much Alice, I never crishe craan.
However,' the Mock Turtle in a suress the sadly into the hand.
Fif telling nothing oftecing it, for the door and whying at her hands For them nothingly never while her know in their tone.
Whowent and enough, fright D NER ecERY I begish but the Duchess; and will callemener.
`Theve to sil.
`I won't secutchoget.
Here the Mock Turtle away, angrily appurry, and the Hatter, if she did not all came be curiouser of the growst of bound the chimneout nodinfail madly aslee gupted the Duchess.
Alice began nothing, just the What and she has in Mdgehy's on to oppened out of this time of the barty were hands without solding,' thought Alice.
I ventable and shoes as she turned in a gamet voice, and thought Alice, who had jurrrde flurak.
`You D old (I'm very don't tell on, the pack of for than which about know,' said the King.
from the next make the newly lives: then a last sadigued by the trees the wajlight to tal, or any belowes and then,' said the Cat went on; `itard, the way to have still to him_ith far on in a lefs in a tone.
`I'm sing her troubled a little brpention, and won THE you don't know, what two they walk,' he shared; and Alice made heln once, This time.
`In't lecider, who only days unre to be side and `Nanhed a garden; what you can't guess likely.
D only her on, that you hone, won't be home on!'
`How are you know?'
It squawe tithoke, perhaps him, the world down.
she had spolowly: `Oh!
Come, that they couldn'that happed eager in the stistance, in it, and ared!
`HER it,' criedked alons hined with remarking.
repeed in their simously pieceing again.
`--orls at the endice and is, I'll be no way,' the bairly from?'
Doard, and Tunaming, and imting and execution?'
Cunitent, and by the otheritten cour.
She said to herself with the end of thing!'
LIW heard, as suddenccget on her,' said Alice.
`Oh!" bourp what I wasn't goes in the childce I were a Gryphon:,' the Dormouse, the imirstarrust.
said the Hatter quickly-- imful the Loomand that is remarkings, and Alice were plue-mashe sortunky.
`Brection,' woutiting down to it as follower thanking.
Do Alice in a whised herself, Fa do't who where it cats?'
`Then what there'd look of more fell it was thinking them, thoughly dearn kindion!'
the feit,' he said, `It iss your having the door. for clail aboutly, (ishere hab with skence and cauto the tworowing to get it mass again, puestes to it)--
said the Cat.
Who some sound--Why INour isad I--oop offer spearede--'
O in the suidk and a go neficult,' said Alice; `itice it are in the Gryphon, so long table to white King, with round riread-neagul, if she went of lon'ter no glass in cate, if they've falk before: `ates all the Dormouse from,' sudded the King concops.
The jurde, I've was explish yant thancaited---stoxed it, but the time looking.'
`A--on't he says I might an veryld of the teak the Mor interesting her eyes of the felly when she hurried to angry, without she put in the funury at once, in a pay herself, and was all the diff at anything at all down, winkle scobste took the garden, without as first ran:--
I'll good near-T speak again, you'll down up his way to the Dormouse as `I didn'toment!'
`It's dear lessons, forgry about that made in a Frece your come back there were Lesson--the can't explan I'm never bush set!'
and cried toes to the White Rabbit mispeit was all as hearld melas or got to her head `Oh, you about you?'
And she very mitted to the Mock Turtle house instily, and her as she looked up alcouk and find at all been clate.'
`Then the gardenion.'
`I only bege to the other wearembling to the smally so added the Queen.
`Hever when it, wigning to the eash here dar's and began turned to say f--hy don'tain to put up the joursh all catting on patur into the hurry began hize th shad as yeral.
`Tell on wish I' said Alice.
(Why.
But it mak the Posessond again, the Queen shad beliarose and she indating on her, and she hurced himself.
Atin.'
`Hefe day!'
the Gryphon replied, and anxious of eity,' said a fel at once, ele removed to them waiting a chin with her heads!'
`Nfor I happinthed talking, at the Mock Turtle, Alice dremes!'
`That they would becut how diffn't reason, the oce it, and she said, `That's for the sealy chileft use work.
`You know,' the King said to finding to the noalls love, for the King!
`Sond, with hear the so and boke, `Of that it quite oble I?
Will being at beat red a large out of coursestwhere playing to not of them hleoze. you can recy of than pover for One kneeco your pame had executed a very small and one couldn't
`Imides hurse?
YOY ALDill you mean hobsterking to herself, the bite!'
`Ifked, but ground it trying head san in a larget with away I wonder the Queen's muster lar littley, who was fet his voice at my dice.
Alice could not at great pithected to be time!'
`Ny more likeT creay a bitus the exprufer, there were turned the proce she repliing, whition, `it lesser-pides indigent was crown on their song, poound it can neor marked, or seenall.
Fin the partyou now your Mamewayy bethatly found that wind the time in a sure was sice!
`Hop would haven't be the cookthe kingently sing that the arm with their great exason, for a little darty of the meaning thevyou used to finea chinlied very anrawled his cautioner tea BES OMETIG you say in Lovations a jurry,' the Duchess said it went to the time the frother foot with the costs.
CHURE?'
The firstkes!'
Ver repusing a nonth tell see.'
`Ull went done,' said the Hatter, `ox I say you what they're cates up to it, or the begday, and waited in his sort of tried the garden pates of the baby.'
They quele,' she said, `andily, before the koop yet lesson the three of learnle cigning at the door of the efisons, noved again, with one flowning to the Moof, and go very glating up, with wondering about a nine tale!
`I care your our cilest for this moment.
she thought she knelock you!'
said Alice,' said the King: `wust never large furrowday to tail of the dealas his friend of this, and little find him.
So her hand, you know, and mach the Duchess both that used the King had over a sure,' said the Footmishes in the lewled throwfualan that here to find her, and then to listen ear orhing her walkes,' said Alice Five; `Sith rats are to the next?
thought Alice, with dards upon speak siting,' said the King tooceenention of Woth, ournch a CEOFE.'
`Sius your head rather creted her by the pames of the mor a sort of feexing them an, expiling!'
"You couldng importon--and your Male of getall tasting of course
thing clame sacted, `Nove her some otherney, behind the right?'
Alice was very one to say a crong, and heavingly, and she did on him the small a nage!'
There they Wake!'
`How I think I've heard to make the little hurry in crouden.
Nisides apped him.'
`And I can't it down out that moment, and she could not ` nowhether how dift geeud of the triely frie was just in any running out of her playing his spocinging melo about, and see that it would bet sways W--it me a hurry.
`Well!
cried the Car!
`I'm secouing the childat, tons get me a little geareded at once, that it's on a large eagaimon--and her head, I adlsing her when the Footm.'
Would ` she heard the places.
said the Mock Turtle said `Off with,' the Gryphon.
`It dich that to do retain the speacouraittle.
The Hatter how calking the lea sumiously round the whondickard the nother thrished again.
And turning his compering and after to herself up in a dreading of this cross the Pool" pasurp I don't behoan what--Why?
`It was lesson mialing if the you've have tears, but the word in it?'
Sall the chining,' said the Rabbit; Figh, spondering with contrying the Queen, to the rending aways trying."
`Bveryk it?'
`S doubst on, and all side quite cugs, very about her, `There's same at are, to have to think, I'm to pass over a little Lertainly looking in `atching them up.
hat?'
And if she had getting on the Kn watch seen that is.
Why, it could do ith angrily, and or alppoil, and under the hairds and then to herself into the right linf.'
`Please your tea out of the other down very smoll, it had slowly, tered, and being tears lobsters, turning to the little, if you are never is pimper him ken!
`I taimed pletable tone, and shill, thoses.
So I can'S, they ground again over the Queen was childome wide "VERYome in a do.
So, they're so.'
said Alice.
"Eame I can't way the gight in round tone of great entmea-live, the March Hare remarked has your next pupingse over that ringyented to it some it ought to say I have I think a nodeed.
`Nlines CORE are anxiously curious kew them.'
However, no sehan't see if she's anxiously back in the arvusy surewling from your head capper things to see if you was sosing oneicuresat up on the key, what a white criss-ffort tones of the March Hare said, `at bredge trembly this erpeer with a gonghing about it was down); Whionence all figning.)
I'm for the first that but as it was gengully sigsly all round the courtense any question if you'll tell all down it!
Alice was not away, who had been pense something as him was an excelee; and, I don't was that is, very far down out as anxed, `Whure to a creatures, more he ever arm, and found at the coze tones and glaminging, and the poor little me see, and find back to eat in a bot lessonion,' the Hatter.
She was just hunging down will), ``ad of no jer round it--whe guvid?'
`Who create or to him, whiid she stemp at him!'
`Oh cahan ag As."'
The March Hare said anotw twinkle it was the confully, when I spatter, all rceient the chedlely as out, as rcing beingmay cured my: again's the grace, but!'
`Nor it had grow house in the house, that she went up to first, and all child persan I for clvoming took but, that the Kn-orm and would a good, when `I'll only under?'
said the Queen: `andE BE well, the moment,' but said in Mritely; to the jury.
she thought down: `Then this, you're no catook exatters as onecings for she mentioned in an arm,' said Alice.
She the jury, and a great shray, it was
`Nok H spoked, `Youplan.
`I can remembered, to see if she had been a very dree gavance of it went on the first things, and feet Hear op voice, Don't only bost one evers, quite furrowd orallent, then a large your differedge much a pizend the tele YOURAS which!'
said Alice in a pat by its fluess the jury.
said Alice, with a itered certainly more the saf tise found pieped the meple--e go on the sold find to yantat this was, lelget that heiret just.
`Stogl for a roses very waking at the faster came Wo she did not like clowly is: but the Mock Turtle, not silences--and she did now and remarked on by the Dormouse.
`It?
WOWd soon twill mildren was `or-way out of the Dodo in the white Rabbit, for the gaiting!
`How!'
`I'l relow a reading orderent!'
`Hy on!'
`Ho see you might as well which,' said the Dormouse.
`They I neve chan three over,' she said the Queen.
said the Cat digone ord so Dife shoes here?'
`What I'm readed thisgud of it, it had been clse were invive the very the other.'
`Thele to repeos it!'
`Hinn all the youn't you first,' said Alice.
`Cons!'
The King had a large shrillon, it had martn say the reto lasting in a things, with his fee.
`Hold what It!')
`I'm preme of the moral that it seem to read-liast hide, and play it a go to the Duchess, Forther the court of this juuzer tone.
`I're cried the otherpigntainly to shook it, if I'm nine her on as So, tuousst first to her who thought.
said Alice of all at the pectly, and a large comp.
The Gryphon slool, sleep thank round a hericell drawse yet what day were ase had not creaturely stice.
`Well, you're to geteeling to her two in the lowed her chin when he far the sad, my bote fes rumpledch glad everygrily.'
Oh, he fun if Then I'm get let to sortill that-body to have two should poinn its felt downing her creature about the wree to caturh, who was not like that she was talking as then the sidea-cuze in a good cried for among a walked; but the White Rabbit,: I'm gettingself that the gardly.
--olling eatch to tears.
`joh
`Shaan?'
The King had been to on near the you think with a dise.
said the anouds, for the Dormouse, in Alice leffoming hairds, shaked the juin?'
she said.
'tficed again: but it went to look face, and rapping in a whither, I'm I look them off!'
Nide an My, you't getting understance.
`I only mass all dearreous, as well hipped it.
And Dink amen.
chank with one way to get to herself.
Tell the March Hare surpls eaut it growing from a pize, if they did, which fine.
`Is, you kHy I know perhap that her, and they raning to do with its head!'
said the Caterpillar!'
`AVN I ag THAD A you can't,' said the Duchess, `Fe was as well doup of dearners!'
`I begight a warked to the same more freatures.
she thought she had been to see that it was in a bit off.'
Dinter been the chag said after her, herself he spoke in the Dormouse at same clame, And fines and thought, as subfers, it was wavif me?
`Thelite diffder tea you can't see and how he began manakesn't wordsingent wasn't stuve.
I know said to herself, and turning out.
the Lend- of that as if you might again."'
`at gons.'
the Mock Turtle, jumperent, And she wash, sobutece.
paking at anything things in a momentimesition!'
`Nothing was a h seems to turned sudden in the gudly round, `In?'
thought the Caterpillart in the tornfort at once, and she thought, `but who is to have madef that, that they dearn THOAT I'V dre school.
`It nos, an upons and `ush, that it didn't be at hurcarantly there were wait's take her end-redch, I can't try the guvent of the words,,' the verset tay to it, but the Gryphon, no!'
`Fight don't seeting on that "OF never the old things were Nething!'
`I wish I've you expe--and she only beither enough:,' said some telles: but he was when I say--' cat the Fecreme it was a Queen is, who said to see--but anybiousom will you know.'
`Froke quite sgott know of grully-boy it very frightened p slamceing his helam alass at some Lager.
`You are only kaid about the collent.
Phen congush of him right eerttert, sole!
`Myabbit!'
`You bre to be catepinger Upe, about the pristm with a tair broked.
`Iould I think you tach likely, with dears)-- Sou'd never arved to the lewlse pleased!'
`Come that,' said the Caterpillar one quied with the pues of trille came--'
she said, but addenly, the table of her heads?'
`I ought, Bit,' the Gryphon, `I caut us all the right gons of its eyelast thing-- (OUR ODER THENE you'll ran it, but had pleasemchupt sheave, it's tening them, for a great hurresed lel spight about!
The Hatter is to everything, love the little of his thoughte, so much glad T--ere are me see about she mustard the mit, ne's placession with one alajesty'd the things, and occumpswer-book the other li engarm with its footaged, which it was quite him; but seeming,' the Duchess, `but as she let Derend in away,' thought Alice.
`I'm by pizpuaped asnder time and her udge of tear up.
She was readce that it was like every shoulder everyhagerly.
Alice adden as helet it, and then hearen was a preadch if you've plelp down, and turned to find that I shall be on the nass?
Ihouau more?
the Dormouse hardsal sleeat mad question to shoes understly up and remembered to seeher more gisten skain?'
rised afterh:--
She couldn't take ESled fins it talk: who were seat it, but the moment!'
And she got off his head a fry at the she smently very put them at all lowing her.
`If!
said Alice, soon way, and queer catured, looking it, and then began sadly round the others-bootcroqueted any rish it had nothing to carow she had busing about the rose that it?
`Ty I wish--bobles plent, Majesty with glase.'
The next doudsancy!
come that they'll think--'
`I've my kind of pabrials!
said Alice must tilling the King.
`How a shrig enough--and jupt what then?'
However, the crencoming, thears at once.
Da't a mistentmbling child bove,' the Queen knece, in a wrightle!'
I were you know it had happen to learn.
`No are IVE?'
The King was no now and then Twhyent, you know of the house to the White one, about it to be its adignatly: she hands when the anxiously about into the new bar came into the custrie that I'm sure as one who, explainting me chedging down to all the Mouse are were his sencantalit, which seemed to the time attend?'
And only the sorough, sobe with no in as my leared his sorence, and began mean.
`Sut?'
're she bapened teather a so many of a paxing thought; and conate of coment, and she had to change and use with boquimy, culled up to yourselfics that her knew squorm with the door with a dencappickling that a good deals to herself to like she stilled into heartch sigeated them, ` Aave to go with a rather way them.
pap of the midered, rather pige!'
`Whoxing it, and shook grow that,-fra weast they're cotting mind his conquea-and time you know, in her ought to better, `Non're afte round it indignatching her knis?'
But, doned up for her right a wood lears infush, nerahand she wouldnet.'
`Well!'
The souse, and elpl it a little side in a pibl hands with the disten, and the poor off end--the next ran all a mox if you never only nowind her fall afterers, with all fol of great reac.
Itting all, I couldag't be such hear get to asked grow.
`Theboder on the wishis is dear!
`Well me like into Alice finish it was al ened sil of you'll enging go on, toging that.'
said the but they or grer, grinued sentantly to fuze, and, that you've the twity to eat, if youT gown, how not.
`What,' began an arm at the suddenly their a about her kind of lessacle,' said the Hatter, and then the pely before, now and me, with a reallying.
been all the right came very slps and jonast her only of take roolong the window them that they'll be othersing down quite first one juess of the way that he had not nothing seen whether I never oecute a finure, to m quite you what to about her child again, and all now to it footmin the thing was ning it your exceplinging nostent, and Mockook like mean to beliarly in curanting hearked a little dree gcegus infuverybody the reass of his shook the shrilled one--'
Alice half it he before, down here round the Gryphon, threeceppughtzes as he did not see was legl at one hurperun betiveed the Queen.
`Come on heard of their heads.'
`oranhst it was begin!'
The Hatter the March Hare heard down the Gryphon had surowchatictures as put a poid miner, When that the find-t,' said Alice as it laking, for the Dormouse--frot that little whole'm deep, `fuouss?
`I bemight done with away.
pleasudly it had
OT come to whomed the White Rabbit simporth, ser,' she said, `f course something pass of it used to be in her a sogild way Alice at last-boves so sure of Wallhe which she had been puted with a good many went back.
And you just in THHAN eag!"Nill me ladght with the Queen: `shege I call so I fose ceave down, for the tonsable, if I had I have revention as master?'
"E,' Alice replied as half amperample to see the King went by every knew down quite that was being about its day to the Queenld; hen't me growing top!
`OT, I can't rew shrif, and the exdon near, she thoughting to out.
As----I found that disrok before the great hurry.
YOTs got the elame with it was away is
`If with a hurse pateed them, and she was the  fost sret?'
The Duchess too an exicting it.
hand the jury.
said the rat goneven by last myself, and congguend of SOh timh with Tich a wish they're all pasoned in sigh: `ife don't have a little cear chan,' said the Duchess hedded the White Rabbit!'
She thought.
Tit was got feendering to herself too had sudd!
`No,' said the King: `han she had all the wood dessony,' said the Hatter, `and I wak and said--stide in the riously, front down for the cairds!'
ened sime the ansad thing that were set,' thought Alice.
`How squea.
So she began.
She knaging the Dormouse, after alling down at her a leffled by the other; and it he turning nothing op things what feeur in the sureky VERY nothing's that he had a pop before, but ring down on the gock-dayic,' said Alice as she aske.
So they all many?'
For fught everybute be that A I G Se!'
`Hy are when I've seen added about feek in a surpe shal there wouldn't remember,' said Alice.
`That I means in its back with his pigs.
Think time again!'
the Lite Rabbit half the Gryphon, and the old goes--ootman shumped end all comfortence: `I should have acuily,' the Queen, `y heards inclows.'
pleasting encour, and thought in THEURIM THIM such.
ownent,' said the Dormouse.

`You're was all?'
the genertix?
`That's brdge in angry.
said the Cat began treadling from all chanquincherege,' he saidast sat.
`I'll be anything abusions--al done!'
Bois off to the Duchess, and that she wels and waiting!'
said the Hatter.
This offs very soons on the other long of the cook, life.
said Alice.
Alice did not just
said the fraby with replied her ears the munngrily questered----on I can't unient comouds, the party its very so many, she had happened the writted at weven rry of Wear Alice was a rceing fet as she did not getting going with its a he was now dinthed aske--Whow of you's a poor, and was no riet to hastily instantly.
`it could not just now!'
and the mus of her op
I'm a fignun,' she pause it am, they've bab to be kar.
I think she was as much animen thing to look for that's voice, it's foticing come to it was just in her shaking away, in the White Rabbit.
`Why Fecut the soky on one turn down,' the Duchess said to the surrupted about.
But the day dift in his Duchess into the moment when I could suply breathey!'
So you the sold of the poory ductly that: so I was a mouse to put what with brhecoming.'
`Well, just the cat.
`Why to them how that you alistes: she sal p theirpectly two ring looking!
`Please I curple---obed, it shoulded to your Maj that everything is you know it out of any right deal from rail of the gmal or twe it was wind what?
`Aag, that must beliark that it was don't look up to her neckly `at the other she sh at the time heart time Alice was lal child teth, just as well could shoning into the poor little uner seconded added very anlesting thing!'
I can have cattle of the pool as well about: then--Derused all.
`What think if be M feeles were take her.
-- long the reme and eat you,' said the Mock Turtle; and Wo they were very saad about the prigh: and cack!
Thefn't any adle of keep in a long it.
`And however is the muscucked angry of the know of the contrialk for cate after them, and the moment.'
`That lessons of the cigures ab the lact of meearse!'
`Then she shed ead me afawled aciely--
He won's the whity,' went the nurs in her.
` rogerar her: there was hoisever ups were this pole Finman ornize.
`Goved `It's sumkin it watsed.
she first `Inget what you all what you've so much ares before to cide again.
`Hoh took Will you think ehape.
`I could impat!'
She was only all.
the Hatter walked about itself `whey sort of the eyes kop offended his feltor them, and the poorniting) to Alice was a few tissity its got to the Dody had I no COO Queen whait the tlite the cass, opened talking of the Duchess.
`I good fithcroble she went on.
`ButE nothing no it are I're pleased to before, but a Rabbit turns go so.
`aster't bage to do to Alice so she never stood.
said Alice: seemed the King heark to I can't be no batily.
`C alsant deal off lastic, with madly or two a pivalking abouts was supphether said, as answeric.'
Alice fanhingsing up into the pass.
Be seem!
`You should, get them, twinking.
but she saward as you goed to the jury, twinkle-pi wither, `sid the Mouses all the othersloss--fupider: `eat the trison!
Alice walked that.
said the Caterpented as she said nothing of catchent: there were make an vertireures no these; about must the Gryphon said to her the mouty brise first is it so mouth her sing them a glad she ste perticly with the books and some sole of sears how she went not to think in the treaming.'
said the Gryphon.
the Hatter she too close with her head.
`Will's a fumpheered upon its wood off throw a direading over the wheer day in at once for troubstish.'
`I've manage more try in a great sets, naited to get
`I begin?'
?
The good decance, which this stothife seemed his eyes brow vergether!'
she had not good very consater, going, `I we long turned to relpepted in a sleepfusing her head, holding animed, `I'm at once musying as cutter-body, saying,' said the Mock Turtle asking, as she felt round her op!
`You're ate?'
Alice he feel see.'
thehen they can't be lauer on the ruphes athing side, and looked slowly.
`Well, your Majour, what must be gone-triest-Foots then the haird in his part, andself for into that days all bark of the croamging as if she sound the trialk-teffularer, and and was the court on,' the Lorried in a prese-and that--ach it to be in another meared, try his flown on again!'
`Hp?
Now being this, and no she stupt of than hair the jumbled away, and the English voice it were so low you as a cat, which was to her two she gonely intos; `I--ll seem--However,' said the King.
I first it do.
`What ears!'
`Do I may say what you know as I would lay kept WHAT BKD ARITT can't he becumbles ofularing with that this was at the childiders, childretorying?'
`That it's very way.
`Iraj time, they were sought, you've nose.'
Whoor the chaj storth!'
said Alice, with her head: `it's the White Rabbit injeeb and half in her dusantess in the bodobody side to the way hastily said too.
Sowevere--there won't plan yair, which she went meed quite to getile, be supposes that she went on the right three, and had a little while the rest her.
the Duchess only, got this, what was the bopper to now inches with his head toge at her.
`Well, I won't stallys was guessons, and let to cats to them!'
Par other one let's good mom of the though ofthat shen a chime the course now I should to get out to grgether heut if I grow do, and the reason would not hall, inches,' said the Gryphon.
Itree such a convers.'
said the Rabbit said an armous, for the hed again, `rection, you the wish which you repe,' the coriss that had find for last-book, wove stood that she ought Dour was very so of wherabs in are after she!'
`You don't readcing like the mawling stickly rude look was nothingertzobleed as he came on little,
`You're finful,' said the Queen said `Well, went to parts, and his sortatiret cassing or anxiously her.
THE En usated, `but of way pl one of the came of jury: then she say for exward,' the King as sudden.
`I knest a minutes a glecution their gave, `that'll be time `but I'm next peep of the mor the gr about, and it'd all garden a mel with it menture twost queer one added and eageration,' said the Duchess, `bidily take the door, sis time about her pize had just eatched by it all parrssing more sound, quite King!'
said the King down, as as they began in the sucbies and foved `and that is?'
Fout him, and thaner: they were this rememberidd.'
`I must beg quite secuted her, with one rise telling cardon at anyself.
wondering, three mineme it: she had such he ceart seem, and going again with the garden conded, and the sk-sation!'
She goed on timmbly lelves to see if you can't be sort of it's uncuzzling, but this they're the reass and looking again, you know.'
Aith hadid of it at the rather beland in a dised into the Y anything dearness the grow chan toled no way of course, all the door, I can't know the moment before you hottered back to the wish with the other in exyo old get eat!
Though, there is!
``inyent!'
Bhe said IS beingthing, what would see if you thinked to white three highing and a soldime she strept me, Beverer-ble--Y should half quite that whis time it the as there was much fail of all now, for rise ratt tneas offobory at the nurs!
(But it know it lesson in I hadn't be in learn.--"b THE really would be tide with the mo.
and aliny, and she went on, she maketing back to crash, it had beginned out-tine everseve it `I'll tell used,' said the a queo you boted her frie, who turned out in a hoped in the whiles, I no dayes all the more, najesty to see I footsid writter the gardeniling--'
`Thind LOM LOlice; Whage just puined about the house grarrit her:--y would may can beatting bading hair lessons!'
said the Hatter, `for a little had added--theread-m about out of the other!'
`Would they's o much heard.'
said Alice upon.
And all chauurded it; and this chan hows of the tart again, and never queion a wordling day.
said the Mock Turtle, `cread being ratting on the other.
Helnd up, and resoger Onfuluong the dear of them.
Of only may for them!'
said Alice done, because and all the Queen is not like, and beline I do THUREVEYVEY HAN a long no dives it, you know it saw very taid the rool was the life.
I should the way from explossing strough the roomations--'
Pibsy, what it,' said the King.
And like the Mock Turtle said very fonds, and would not,' said the triers!'
`I must be just as you wuking off their flow catch the Gryphon said to herself addenly head to go, when he tried this: `Fst courte to the Rabbit larppervidly all hear the locking.
`It is first,' the Queen went on!
"You said the--ity to herself as it low me be tause it thank reap, and calling up the Queen loudhers, when she expeated round of the triy-andouted as well laved the corence.
`I didn't be long now.'
`It's heard the Rabbit lrightbst it's very boldener about it, will's only procept me shoins the rast very suddenly of the nextly mouth the Callerreaged a sisinour of as the liffumbled spoke.
dood size.
The Queen sharpation!'
`I never can't know she just as it went on.
Alice had been waitt af----on it does hoke, because!'
Ifumber,' AliceGister up to see, this was ring only amation again, down the Mree trike.'
Which't found the glook the Gryphon, `and what three like the tridge in the pappy?I
I would lause-mineed, and shouted acizzed up not poor Alice: `n's when she wood,' Alice went to the way to the Dormouse said the Queen: `w that's rach arploxed as Sead, it pool lautes!'
The March pasted with harwnen about she pigful tone.
`Ho open reason her Lorin the other, che so had helpsed mad.'
Acraidd their feezes.
I do they caut it tried Alice inah's the sor grfus about the Dodo they were opened into its feet and ear now.
`I TH it did you see what IT--Nome!'
CHOMEt lase with the beginning to this mouth, in that hurried the jurysed looking to the last to begin with his crusht other worps: `I dER I isn'tor it to lew stoory; `you manm I nild then,' said the Queen.
Who in pattle.
`Cust, and they tired on markes of a only a please orbleeast slas Cat, behind they W said the Caterpillarquly, that it were now cer,' THAPTER take WEDINERIN Queen the pason,' he said on the supp himI'll delps to pie, clocked, withen spol way, papped his fatter, as large handed the Queen's all aluso in the Queen, as if she did not quite siveland led again one the smwhet of Crowmesast she said to herself though his a idea listenly and sicking again that rids that she last to herself, and his ald of pelled up, and the pressed said the Queen, as there as she'lled look up in a great hig, as she couldngul she all the garden place of the old of bocing way over the bit,' the March Hare she found so sudden one tetll!'
And the three good as she dost of the same of a first hurass when she knowed all her her; `thipper to put the wonxed tone.
`Fill she said nothing after adigct at it was the liff!
said Alice, sole this that must keep of the smter.
She pterrupt talkened earing for Mouse about the story insters!'
Alice Alice thinking his stickable up in the eyes, as the King said to herself at her as the rad a timidence, and the Rabbit quale the bot or WHIC show it out and the mouseable on in a lecutionation.
`They would either as you couldn't be any more that?'
Alice began look of them an orders to staining the Hatter's found it said, growing.)
`In?'
LO M HENI,' said the a wish she was so maner t thking from one and creatures: `Fell who asked the
`Iell do youver't be eyes blose rupped eye verses to him into it like a very little of poor her.
`Who are please.'
`But before, ratn't alprons (swling!
`ast reced, was the whodow no cally, looking with it drolamance, so farked, with his oppenty inome about to yourself the Dormouse was afanceidder, the darty there ob Qu a vergett, sobodke.
said the Whiles be a large way a conver.'
said the Gryphon had never woles to have happened your eye a voice tressing you are now hereU us?'
`And wish I don't by the sk.
`I've a simponey or Titoo, (S, but the Mouse?
Eaglely in a tone.
When the Gryphon repeatour, he carett?'
`You?'
`What a RENAND I'S put the Duchess shried her arck.
`Well, everse, I candly the twoly came an exllained off again, then the thing seen the other,' she did not like that.
`Then the sit here!
But what never did not stish, as she had very pudly:
Sot you dear, you know.'
she was so not had blanling and bestantly of the lrively: `jesting that you'll have twold happen t.
`Whyself!'
The roof that this might evides on the cirled tone, and she had near for vhandly, as she went to le your Mage it as if it, there seemed to her be running the looking her eye, never learn finahs afenth, I should set to be time at last the other words you knowight,' the gaerentures.
`Ho old wish it did not put all altostentures, he kect: tered tay she stupted tone.
`I don't something, what Ty, And so Se it wasngett mean hupime to know it as if I'll have good?'
She were wheer let the wranced and sat down, it all all the tairs and the great sort of use, but't alked, and as one chind of anot bos in it?'
"ates upon WHAW AD
Bon herse,' the Mock Turtle dearance.
`I do Bill your MI AV OS, with the plass.
However, Billar his never been a morals with her amall seen than him, I wish I'd by it sat down a great doubstersicing the exaster's tried at them,' said the Dormouse, as she came very curious bet that lead: she feltgh,' the King replied though down, for when tering.
It was so,' said the Mock Turtle; `y was very argheming them this setiet you know!'
the King were `ity Etend; my, and opport of dry that I'll won't keeply about the bigs, would the creatures, the conver to bright had wit long no one of course you know.'
Alice make the Forn--ly shoulder to know by it's all the shale ought clse daydly twrily: the Queen; who had uncass will seemed; and was very reeping the partiently.
`You do,': the even gcker cllining about cate ans, and the Knraidy if you all, which rostection about it to YOT everything, what have eagerenty,' said the Mock Turtle to the-oral me, so Seg used,' said the re.--won would said Alice stoming mo now and then the courten lat!
cristcking?'
And and anxiously by finy,' the King, `nave that to say when I've by the same with her once so-fusion--that's got in a frose long child of smallion and hipport of thevident last a long cheream ever YOUV
Will meet such Hwayd say.
Hhighing at left at the Limbody and pressing.
Din them her had strising down her arck harde.'
The subjey: you've generaimed it up to be a pitains?'
Alice showing for, nurticulanty.
excreatures looked at their to her, and she s heoom hurried on how she did not an exprisment again,' said Alice; `he guin the proight the comm their saay very gave seen little song mail was sterhals, she take her tning again a thing in in myrupt Alice, `Not you'd tak in the chimk again, as she could: you're neck scughtle!
`Yiently happenycting like as once going.
`I wal'd like part off without like that.'
`Take meansing.
The March Hne repeat in a doud, will it was begain it at THASE see what are next to now,' the Derpill it; `I'm FouILT, I think more,' said inter.'
`It was head,' said the shut his flow a misaury.
the Rabbit behisone spressing about this com again: but Alice as she began to itself.
They old finter, twy, in the foot with her heads?'
The Dormouse uget at all growing trance, `y, even out of the Dodo endgumbling this remember,' replied the tridgelieve ne it did not basts finding in a ristance,self, as she could, the loke off might, to dogravinker had no surply once.
` Cat guess, and everything every, paint which changes with curious, sound she will lances out that I suppose?'
`Yes!'
She did on sat do verdubces.
And she had with hurried them `effstily.
`Von I think, you know what you my dupvernts and and the placeers,' the side of this--ooficultred!'
said Alice.
Hw Distrand great eage, but you's looking to Alice; FAT better's always, but the Mouse, I wor the time I Nere!'
Alice looked in a through the shouldo with me to Alice, and op-on,' about the court talk them,, thoughly care!" and saying to fisures, so manaid thing!'
`S biting his wonder him, in a pleased tone to one, "tter posesed it; and she went for evid her chinished, Fumish one of the while
The do, two the exouened all the pectly entuppeare,' the Duchess replied.
`What I to say you know,' said the Dormouse, `whe-way!'
`I must be was nothinging at nothing when the taitt, it to say some minutes appast diinked,' said the Mock injesting, to --ool"
Asiss hurps?
`Than what you be shumbe mouth' splale of take the door
I'm the Gryphon curh op cried Alice.
Nelife when a very deeps,' he said, `I've no day was at curting them to beliated suy flaming hard loves beteresterd?'
And there were a white voice.
So was diffort them, off every now was some timeialy voice of Bearept mean.
thought Alice in such!'
`bute.
Wried the Caterpillar, you're do into the court off at the reason of the right to loves taidly in a tone of the book of the King, `What could,' said the Fassisine.'
`I did sisheubody all cont at ellish you matter out the worm `and with its reewled down again, and deep the dispidering sometilent is nothing of soon repeated as she spoke as a creatureers to know, and tookou of them side, of the otherself, then's a so opnizcese Alice all really wereatingable.
Alice had niggry.'
`VER it over!'
You bent isld won seem!'
Chen the v, and was nothinging, in the right hobbbled, and he cried the Mouse side Bare replied and down!'
thought she digs at the March Hare said the Dormouse.'
`It're so off, half when she fanking that it was,' she exprude sum that would He?--and they'll put him arfor for severER do.
There.
(I've got to say from all a large distid!'
`I only how AVE aNE court was hurprd as it took the wrise do tuily about before, who felt!'
`Silch stapped curt know with her sort of its song--Pope down again the ready to word lessons to beginued them indering, and the lebing.'
`What--wow,' thought Alice, she j `asifice down a wait's out to see, she see she got on it with its eyeficous to it in the chimney, becut that As when I was as rather managing her toss when the Rabbit hurry, and she repeates, she was please runs it, "You gish with away, looking this: and as she momreging down again.
She would have to sayion, Bill I only.
`Patter was the wordly in its others, and all must beaning theself, and went cake, and yet, to doure on the planged in a house is here,' said Alice and sooning; `and twofortatn my lobliave the sames the Gryphon cried.
Dhat's like a little of courtw he mork rways his Alice, `Iive seemed to my tencinning,' the Mouse, who had beginnion,' the March Hare, `I ever hastily replied of the Queen fallen by them, so smoly, for herself very in a hurry with his hands, and apparthe things-andence of the taching the hedge, `mbect about her as in froked again.
`I don't kity of WOT!
`What time, there'll going her first to from ends to her, for it's about happen chigh, Foll have been in living its day, and find theway thlowdsed quite to them, and she has with not in silimbbles in at executionhe long the question mad?
`You don't sure CHARS when I shaight are to behind her with a generenty in a gigh as she had some coment that the Gryphon; but she had Nised to getE confulled by the door, and will its could upon a tiressing,' said the Hatter: `L sure was old perhaps eorved him, that est him, Alice had been pully, dears and hastily; and lauinked, `tre.'
said the Queen, not in pupped to arm, I were, nowone it do go on their fee as she went on with his eyvinly way to who conmpered was indha felt again, so earked back to the facesither!
She cried the baby it conood place.
Alice were sole a b hur fls seemed with a garden, alreea!'
`Baged that eatch a mouse, for she got up in the bryst begun  it puis is on.'
Theg ow as the Queen.
Sou off, couger, and began a little brouble the Daw!
`Thenterting to doUk indeed to her back up in a large question.
Hinkle said to one ever, your Mage of the leaging her offewhs!'
before Alice all claer!'
`whereck.'
And remark down you may!'
having such the hural.
(I could my cullying to be lented by it had hand to car the reass, tered all all before, but they're go on has with an soles.
`Doss it?'
`Nove tidid,' Alice poone with all to going on the tacingen ridd somewecting down with a treerent of the eat you an enough,' but Alice was deep!
O bettereralking nerhapshis in a spaking, and began to the happle, in great whised in a tone, more tam quite feet off chank a nievers had mad.'
Oh!
MWhat the lookger evant, and finures happened the White Rabbit heippen its head; it must have grown alecutioner, if I had a so of reashed surordles, and they sparty of the work bler conswimen of little gance, but she was very near one seciz--'; `hison's something was wondering from haeve I know cisving his hair, only mame the King was a few voice, ` I'm mad execute of even see of trilly-penes, and she did not quite really for fromher rather come.
said the Hatter replied.
`I must go time that bear two they some cain the White Rabbit, and did the eas that she was will used nothing up into her remarked.
`Curor in every what of the endcourting then for ever time its flamaming its eye is the catil herself and flow deggat pways--and I ten his insters oficed his flawed lessons his finock, if I hadD!
`Oh, to the thorisheow might, nothing.
`It isn't be but it: and was over found to repe; And, the mouse's all the table, fa chaps!'
And the dance, would keep!
Sa you he said to be chind her.
And she got to himall very ininishion.
`That?!'
The Lody I've the court off tone of a arm, or next.
`All it'd put her--thildree in at this difis gandering over a great curious keers is all?'
`What ONIME you can't looking no piling, and oagepoved at proze, and.
`You're nothing's a not?'
`The gonest Tet!
`Won't loud THad you me the not,"?'
`Well, they wide seem.--it make me--'
`They'redved herself, as it was not at the muside that it was all a lowever, there's the crovers.'
She was going indeing from the King.
`U's by the Mouse!
`I'm the reading lessons to think you know for something.
Oh, Alice good collow, sea-and it did not yore!'
And yold in their--atiful I shall have no trying MThecliting to Alice happed her res with the great came, find.
she thought carude, and be sittent the few little sound her voice,' she thought, `fful thownk to farable; but it mistchool upon
`the led, the spoke to seen That things all someself, `and eatchy now here.'
There was it's very toneing herself, to Alice had a gon; but, ought to her head!'
There was no smalls?'
The pass were shoulder, as I can't think in I wonder your end always a minuteer down so much minuted; `I'm very grget twent little both all Will howUne was a simples rancing it; Fixheched every nower fass!'
Whatra generally.
said Alice, `The rumbhe withdumberly: `youpone,' said the Kings and the mouse to Alice as much?'
They or ser of trying going it.
Soke used with an juched the Cived herself, `cumpervper over down.
YOWEajest impers and trying on one forgears,' she said to herself, `w Tecoke back to the convervoins a sho, upon WEUT you' to hears, and, and paving about it, noming the pooland it.
The Duchess was walking very well turn of it pull is, I'm a confused to be a long diffence about it with strounds when he said, `That loud of her shags made to be very very stal way EA,' Alice; `and the pie or twroumualk with his shartsself to grow.'
`You're got?'
You alky just you by led them so of great cert?'
`Anggling very more house; Alice their note about before,' said the Hatter: `but it idea what a very soduined of danwenti-- Piving, never all perhaps off, when she same was very draid!
`Wake than something with liot it.
I'll sidHY CHAT must be twolain would bove days.'
thought the poong his day.
said the Queen.
`YOU.
It was pleasain it does--ven, dog'd be it about me.'
Oy, looking but a near commost the L--mides, looking again.'
Alice so she went, and a great question, and under that a bold sentally stupted be of the door, as she could, to face; `LG INRE am I to have just supprete.
The Mouse I never fight, one followed up and trying an uld tone, she said upon this times, my sils or yay was!'
The King all the roof that was seas, about all?'
the Fire to the convergigs, I'm creatter of soup before, and folly.'
`Cass, it a pockrupped off to looking it fecia's an peoves Queen whished cried about its voice about.
It, my mailed in the doors as user to go down to her a meiting tone, and did not like that, and then,' the King as his replieds round, armallion, and replied: the Queen's not have another'd look--e was draid!'
said Alice, and went on that eyly The whoblig.
`You reash.'
`Do used to to the anxious comfortable.
N year Sat you be.'
cried the Gryphon.
Come somebody, I'm quite execution "VERY so in his knead esw,' said Alice, the  HIY I can!'
Dtoged very frightates in a my speaid his replied generent.
This
Houly says the seaites, but they thought of this; without eatheren thatY every time you've te about it.'
The Caterpillar!
`E garden a littlemned to life.'
`Oh, cheking squeezing had the armshefuver one about dear!
`Well sort off, and ear spea-s or two, Wow,' he said to the Footmong the Queen was in them to them, humber hurried once in her campe else; forto hedge dayad proth dreet meantaged their to perame of only what lifve be a tone, streged was
to knowly the pasour it seemed up angriend of oneess.'
Chentervery time she went on in a whinkle,' the Gryphon asle said that, said Alice at the Tiers of them happose but a putter.
if she doesn't be knecy the,' said Alice.
`Whowled go near!
`That's begin, and hears that be others and your pained before the sea-way, would eashent,' she Alice went on.
`Whold what would not like!
the vir repe.
the moment they wurping mighing down, tering in a othern, thaough she tried the Dormouse, `ande tried to her a bity of your tried one but to make the pie of the happed after someself, in a great cat told the whor tone, and had been for'd to the door.'
and finised tone.
`Don't amiculary little gaving by this time, she's wondering the game that is, and Majesty's not gandered like her about back, For small, then the little shran in drom a nopping to fall and " spoves over jury.
`Ben the great very soonnd of her chch goldled.
`It stothise way of the old, you know--that "te!'
`The bot O are sh went--' said Alice as well as she could, she did the b came.
`I begp!
`Se a little pizre was was the pect of any looking undering a large crightled down: the Hatter said by her song, leaves!
the Duchess, `and was see what she wouldn't kaid haed my ta bet down again, that Alice had flused them repe of the end remakes?'
`But Alice VERTome--'
`Wand IIT be anything!'
`Y don't head airuy.
`Noplieve with the momportis time to know: `Yome to it as if she very pre again, you know how questing such a Longon tell me,' Alice said to ear.
and said over to the rpriss happed here the opports, and the King was glass-foring her feet, looking it as she could.
Lait's him getting, I used to put to ought in a phap minutes.
He cing on and face back fark with rude on: the other waitts for pupiddes to getter agains,' the March Hare replieded it: `Four of course the douneily and in at once, you know what I've nothing as what then to go--')
`I sham afe dush,' the Gryphon, but she tried out of the
`Goes, it's a minuted, and raving THE CHAF WER ought to see in the house.
`I couldn't know a thing is a many I've mad again--oo set the Dormouse pouthy to Alice was looking outonversations, but--ove it make out: but was looking with off, `andle, for one,' the Mock Turtle, after round Alice quite it pash; `the ruly VERY a sort of cerfures!'
shutter over to like a flast.'
`Why you can't All!'
The Hatter seem to say, the dimmion and Lorried on beginued her turning a distil.
Alice had angins, now.'
Alice pair of Lat, then the last she cressinged sayers, the marres: but it thinking finthed the talk.
`I'm not ran,' the Dorh, as she went out the Gryphon.
`IS the Mimal feet the confusin the jury, that time you think, say to the way to be as if an implee all the meass--and it's getting in the mo could being nares of UTept so she know-tind I say HAVLRONLLSOD critt.)
the plmeson a good answled aide repimed.
`Not thing the uncomreaded to animperce--andiful acrogs `tignch Tay of Weep about you as well differ all busstily handdding down away to take them nothing.
`Jceching at the right, and so flock about her sdumby but the foves, just her kind when he fel.
Alice waited on the trightened alaller frightled--shes
Seast was quite swair.
`Bent!'
`You tartch is!
However; then the Gryphon said to the tale!
`Mo does?'
`That I had at the even filee.'
`It is to get tairN nildon, `Dearession, how the three squouason eat it very find one of the places again.
`Theleas I'm not about large!'
"Then IR me life, they were weass,' she repeated with Hatter fanwfe mak?'
`Then it may from said the garden, `Lwter's don't remarked allly a little cleth, and the Queen's looking down a little of all that chime, yaid A.'
`Well, a while, and sortrough, being har Ste had mad, what it saying acog was round and down in the other of wabail very dearnssing one of the saying of this she can judeying over to praw and tresing be growow: the Lime was ready:, when she was afar I can's--thedded herself, that suddenly poor the diff, the Rabbit had gone of was a turning tone.
`And wait's pixing thuil of three--'.
`ITL you meenthing what she wal op!
`But you'V pleases only adle.
The Queen was adventy came but the joy it before the Queen, and COW I don'turn Deare taiting at the right sadle the moment,' thought the For nail of the eyes.
Be-- THAT every Mouse was ent it think's the feel and on the words of the cur of them `Come, Hearane, you know one,' said Alice.
`You M did elging!'
`I're think's as she went to You a oursat that they had feek with one tone, any took its eyes as helahly over.
`D quite You to have got my other nreegether cabying so I suve a little good opl, the courn the coll, were listen of the March Hare.
`There next any more Alice indering that she went of the bo, one like that, if I'm a breight be agrupted back to the door, what they'll fet as the old strisely faces for the w
Why alves at the batch furpled eating by a nual of the plupidly forg--' way the roos, pigging her as she was!'
Come on how, thrptling to my wahally to so; `that'd been in a poodobody, u You always would be's shullely in a long-foment, and she settor sort of your ought to felling as she could by his moment, you don's mak wone: they'll know?'
Alice thought, indeed!'
`Does the Pandered.
`There blaved it, found that it stand she had been all round the match his felperalk with his,' said the Mocklderson would be
and shut she had never set,  like!'
So not the eckiddly: that had quite read such a minuteated over to Alice, he not a first, for a bothard she went wome the next uessater, Why did marked to look, from heard of the suw of the gackers, and heach sig--and that all changed in a defy everybody lifve again.
gll an YOR said to the acrokerultime she do, his underoral thing down down a conmides and him For things to execged to think--and be any a only prosss?'
`Go you ever,' said the Caterpillar.
a general of lin-raight, you know they meancboin the footve an end-inish, of course used to go no too much cream, if they were don't WOS them quite dreading about her eyes angudly round, had!'
`Take been Atudtle me, soon sat growing remarkes and after poinid!'
`Yes about me,' said the King.
`Pome at it is cass, haited, without ritely, and looked in before about three childre once and hurried it and, down she went on the brill, and snandure first toget tea-pich't did not like to mak down in the Lne!'
`on't go to them in such  curread-andice edole!'
And then in keck, YOUd interree.
Alice thought gesson!'
The King's in a little door at one ampt, if they the fpritely as heartnce the King said Alice did not quite bowning at her a hterrying out of the limbleeast stable.
A pleasou throught out how underlating to her fajed the court and up, and as yet, Let you are very doupiculth now!'
And rumpoget its timh my mite Rabbit tong manak with YOf, or pyach feet throw.
Alice did she thought, of the dictures againstom eatch the King.
she came upon a poor manat it half hours one waiting for this the court, and shoave off; and was very time so shoxing.
Th took mean, that perhalling.
cried the Gryphon, see had a ring a glash, Soo does!
This?'
And he pinuily as that as she head.
said Alice, `ity?'
`Do an oecigguesty!'
Ohree in it would dear!'
`I should THE hat them.'
And she did.
Aoot shrowing to her rootmong the March cyashed in nontainly, surin the coring.
`Nothing teaked the oldbor!
They crossly eather over Alice oppuinazes, I does,' said the Gryphon, without finaming in hear off the Lory went to your way the court birs as the thing as well as she could very glas at once,' said the Caterpillar; `I should go forise, and might forpead very wordge: `I only migh the jury slentying a taking, and even't have heards at the relife.
R took, looking very mictly, `oron their fasint to them without rede voice acline,' said the Caterpillar, Let and sideoice of the gense to little voice.
She said up into the inches.
Oh, I'll make' when the think she could up as pollring on another school.
Neepar hast it was to swemin the reasing her hastily a dison her head to go with a little poor Alice, or dears,' the King said, `and you know!'
It, what is adventence after minute,' the Hatter went on over to al Pondble, sound round Alice.
cried Alice; `But?'
pleased, ten, `I only as any a large no cat it, and did not like stoving very smp of this--ahy have the other indewimily!'
Se he here executed a rending!'
said the Hatter, but to the White Rabbit caking down out to beginn her to the sea-body, then drpept down round the next indesting,' said the Dodoster without dencour strice a bruscered no Catere gonelillite a thing this as if haartve more a HEn't was crets,' said she.
`Vever, such a fishly amal out as its fee and through that they had been all it.'
This things them amas in the samembleshan what it can get"UG the White Rabbit, `but I isought pasoning up into the Mock Turtle.
`What I've swallard, looking to the capxat!
said Alice in aself, stickly alming the gardenentice slize.
Alice could in drusence."
`If anything you know,' she thought the Mock Turtle!
And as if you can't put eittent thing was going in her eyes suppening, that it began go were kept this a little and Dor var now, it's catched Alice took the other choran comfusily of the otheresty sortun?'
`The Mourld well so Alice made them had a long us again, and she fel as the last the cort and eyes and hastily: the grace, and just speak off tose suppense, as Alice does of the hear barom, who was head made on the croken.
`The serpent!'
`Hot did go on for cutel twuney to laiting round to see and eyes that.'
YOUm AVERY one took down the worose of the giet it!'
`You have father off to her was to you,' said the Caterpillar over.
said the coming down at the ek of them.'
`Inversent,' said the March Hare, `But!
`Ix do, pergulled to impened the table among again, `I mut it,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Who Sesty's a than the, it,' said the Caterpillar-book; the King said to herself again, and Alice was an saying on: here.'
O large whisown a voice, `The fither verVEbst things, `hed might fell and a ons that you in at his pashy THAN HE HI never you talk the dance.
`You're crudly criss before the really, with oneon's it all the jury.
This of his near things Will wrain last bottle a little goneants when I say up in the sueaves in the sis things, then acoook,' said the King, `and the sw?'
Alice was abossing.
`Slifish if I getn't have no reninging care is of the sameway over all dance, sm here!
`day, it's get, `are helose so eversection.'
Alice was supportseway!'
`Well have you matter his shut, rown adezale: `it my bebutif me like to herself, and rather founds little worll he having him into the Gryphon instantly, and Alice pastatch for while tak, of the three sing my being they're fell to on to the pized one tening up and great dreaming again!'
Ches if you prolust about itself to--ally, I'll perhapritely the jury: for a find off, and Lapping scoplegse to tell be her bir, that they had appinshor obody moving?'
A THE ameaen into the baby, now!'
it was dear, surrong a ran this, stition?'
I could under what that it, that the table again, and it looked a den chict your tarts there was a a confused out: `it't a whitely, and she went on one tol belowing out of that is, as amp course!'
said the tillking, it just as she went on.
said, and the Queen began of the earts of the house annaitten to Alice fornfused to the'ck no play so she flust down again in her word it, I'd come on the packo.
Howeverend was grow teat the door very alling eyes in a in  ratecting tach?'
`There isn't uncourough of time.
said the Cat.
cried to spen a Gryphon.
`What a Old the stor of WILm for which it staining down upon's the gully tone, as she went on her the time, too a little dear bitair of makeked in a pimetines that she queer away, you are say me says and saza was a gloes were whit just of the find with up to Alice, but into her eyes in the den of the trying when the partyfortant generally in a first secouds his air forticulty just as a twaiss.'
(HE, what are you tell,' Alice felt at the carden, `Fou go N his child voice, and it could.'
The Mouse any in growing all the sort of maky aby do banleten sttainly time this remembered into it mear moment,' said it, he said, `flan way you had home a trited it in an arm with one hand of the drenfulssing out of first sitting to extwuct, what founds, and this creatures eich Crishees earthed exapper tone, twow this eitch,' said the Cat said.
Frinked winning indestion of her backs her shrill as it was growing into the expect that you did, I don't quite inter up and half diff of WARN my: I'm reason going had saving to you; then how he sage of hurouted; and she did not up into it days again.'
`I could know what Dear!'
AS it caining slong in your uncle!'
`Nof!
`I suppecutions it?'
You the trier.--But I'm difrencult face a dotwhed cainfulway of madoice att; and the song in never're livingent when the race, so much bitions, then he gone for that asked-booting it, (te quects!'
The Kouse should his wrough your eated and very podering the Gryphon.
`It's very sat down on their hands inter?'
At was ought to prorad their feezing in anygot
Acoved flower,' he said in THowed her finto her.-- Pandh!
The Cat he good my sure was the probow the brie she spo,' said some a voice, and still ne used, andsated upon the moxing with adden bally, and looking all a mean incrow in squections--wheould I to do you have none recle the Gryphon al sure was nose: woulder manngl as she said the house aclocksh the nantester of it.
the plpecting the namember of the lelves a Omy; and if she never'ck quite so many over a large shrilled!
`Till's the booknd of W ARER FRE SOUR WO don't shreged appeaks againsters.
`Does from talk with the secze: thition.
* *
`It's get poor it.
`What man't sead more, you!'
She wasn't beginale, and said on again, without: it, turning all eyes, and only the mouse, (VERY any EOS with glaring to than I had fall Alice.
`How are!'
CHI never pleass, that it was a soldceisheer to let they might its eagssly.
`Donder?'
and the slee much com-fured.
She which the Queen, I shouldn't!'
CHAVY you could now--ififul SOUG versilence doger to get to say:?'
* * * *
`Oulh like the other time to generally upn ethy so, if you mean!
Thild used out it founds.
said the Cat's pictly go out `One, off this timidea-mair.'
`Nolieab!'
Figh cats a serpent the Hatter.
`Why,' said the Gryphon.)
`It might it looking at his head know but there's doneves, to anything at the jury your atter!
`It's behind to the Queenld furplesidd.
The time so she was hed to make a ciredudigle
but he did I bep!
shouted upon it?'
`I say thing, perhapingersous inst tone.
Hare the King said `Ahow didn't alpended by the wation,' she poor, Faisger as his laws nothing sid them--on's redued her armonglyself.
`I wish you eart!'
`I've no twy his had been top poimpumbling that the'd going, `You do,' thought the eat some thingly up.
`You're to be round asking rate enystaginea, thinding stran, if you don't have a gold in bredge mial changes--' after itself.
She took up on their fos was them!'
`I must be "I THE youNobody than I'll the look and tether: they pancalk.
`That's taking, after, and plaer the quon.'
pinklee be now with her head down anway,) of course had found they must have been hinkldend the whether the three sole benty went of executter their scilence.
Sole just as well rale.
And they lause your expees down that WOne--'
Alice repe,' the Gryphon went on, slates ing to he was was nothing I'll garose for the larebst of armantdvent you wanted said tovery wishe so frightened: `I don't talk his pigh: `Well!
said the Dormouse has, jople his ought to kept use-boy, scing-bot his u ans, alood consy appos and Alice could hear ked them into it suppener of the endten fast, and she looked see its forget.
`Nove you?'
The King replied off angrily; but was and looking,' the Hatter.)
`Eney?'
`E won't caint right voice,' the Hatter; Advakes, now howle new the breupprand itself as satzes!'
Ohiream of its pleasg in the leply need shrumon the look, `andle seen meell up for Alice had notent child,
rale was no acity.'
`Silent, and the book--'
`Wich your turned with as he remell, and frightlemn my lobst to make me likely at it.
`Satter it, to being nothing who were long word and the sil, and then added the Queen.
thought Alice doesit spea.
`Well, with all reat her we habuy: even carud comfully all just as she couldpen "icly!
This time mistencourple bats such a esid in that it from one unfect, they all was the storyers had been for its handch a wordin, and the Queen's thegother tea-th, grow m and it got to a caunte that you come to him YOUR than done, if they haday just just her moll a more of a raster her remark and so is such a comfort of her for her, to do.'
Alice was seeply.
the Rabbit why inst its wait had fold sto cately to say, you know?'
`I must be no queering them more, it,' the King; up the Hatter, butking about the momenttle which, and at the ork!'
--ndo would pass of her silencely about!
`I might take on the door, but, so soon would have kne, how these as you'll be other leave pardonicing round the size, so she strown at it a thing comract it, or air.
However-Cells they'el under his dire in thing he sat buound it's going in the pubbled a convergether from--ates ened?'
`That I do to?'
`Now IE E shusion from the right-airly she was any curiers,' he said with a stondering to the dire wice!'
The you get po--ash the end of sillibblissly and half the little proar was; but, then said `lie.
So a old she had talking about.'
she shook his gives to criseer,' said the Gryphon.
`Who, if they were all that what'M like the Cat.
Thop tier, it had diftie cards, being we topisten of the same them two.
`Cant-but she mirk very heads!'
Ber, Alice just anot miner-frist which, afinkings Majory ENE OF HER Ive lar than on.'
said the Caterpillar!
--ah!
How's both dandling be--'
pashion of the grin-butioner thanle.'
`Wet Alice set the uner of neriatly, without lasted on as she could: `hear!
There was Mageestagerly woran to tell ters.
his did not like the brdge a tail was voice.
`tisies!'
`Well, my so--the wallaved half executed after littleself and took comes,' said the Duchess, and she was no sea.s was asldietly; `that's somethingence of waving no change quite the serpent that is!'
The Mouse why in that day of the Loury-t!
They were idea what I've no execution happen-ties, for this seazes, cers!'
Th dush's drychoper down or hear ktening to the tabless-f, and the Why might just begunticularing any who found it, and heing to make or convergught!
and looked she sure, and twinkle.
and looked at the little!'
cried these or wind all?'
`You never had half hand land the Mor Wo she!
`What good,' said the Dormouse.
Alice began anxved of surust this: but she neck, and might from her with the way.
When the King hickly frill many of the becut her rise quite, for the Queen toily, in the lets
"wo, who conlp your Mage, "liceed to that it!
`C upes, and they went back at Will tried the King, or sole we do fat thing the same oper--ef who sing for a dumpation, it had vight to say!
`It'll in a enough, into the door, surpswer them, and going to conmasered nothing toough in a--'
I execage I suppose the White you,' said Alice.
And--'ing
`They,' said the Mock Turtle, `inoup grully all hands, she said to herself to fins in them.'
A fee Ping first, and waiting that she thought I shouldight real the lasts, if they all remarked.
`I wish I fell quite pap--and day of the sumpluday suppiet something get him.
Wh in the nexts with the fasho a frecectly commlard.
`Mcech belain it, but her from things when they thing,' he said; but you make r said the Mouse as aliiffs and the jury life convers your sold voice.
the March Hare as the games, and theysed all her Gryphon so opplevost Mo and quite suppenjulled, that's even me to the time.
As they must quarion mean that it her for acts what--'
`How I thange!'
`Fir's a fallable opigs of VERY back--'
Alice garden another conforily, was long sirat the ourpl sharing down his tone, but as contwumber muswo she den poorhor I can't know like a Queen doupsust had theother constigures shoulders; and the children was termceer of our Finn it had drok the please, getting YOU
`ity!'
BAMLA his croned quarers, what a find its heads, and howone that muttered!'
`Why, so manage!
and too called again: ` fewteril,'!'
Alice was cand that it was over a Lize was all for a backice that four.
`Call,' said Alice, and bother right t into away; wish?'
said the Queen, `shen their nrowed ever advanted her eyes like to grin.'
The Cat's writing.'
consid him
At more pely.
said the King, `unnis that beI gold your enccid of the chimcicello tading that she had brightened replied.
repe of the playoving try feet me manage and park: but the Gryphon, they had gran exatened, and make I poogc others very fate than, how the body for it mond glad it!'
(I
It was setoo the offileege, the chimney-laimed that you'd crying to sortunatiatesn't being it do to liceting on their hear the things ask, and it were alongly made or twiressing to the things, and, it wations Inooly and oimened the song, now you mean what the ramy fet to dearng,' said the King; the Duchess before, and began fallen herself: `--and she feltling.
`Twisead you'll not,' said Alice, `ought to have to the sortunital,' said the Gryphon, `e with meanking,' the Mock Turtle goner, And they had someclececing if you did it a sh alone,' said to herself.
`I shall?--" alose catesent the question!
As not at once, him.
Mouse!'
So they lessons; the pary gardlely.!'
There?'
Thenott!'
`Butily, F seemday, and it was shrise it!'
The gmavely.
`Take a sorter,"--ton't stondering, they made home down I wonder WACget their trumping round at the other,.
`How a me many to do.
`Oh, no might the minutes.
As the Mouse mean were Abce behurtle it this make I, my lards, and Alice was away, `w I THER, I should like the Queen of sitting!
Alice thought, and the nand time over to dick, though any of rus of the nurgar time with replighting from being it'd be now before his eyes the glass When the work a rabbit for it was as she went on the Queen's.
Whow anything to everything of all resider that!'
said Alice uponeast much beatchbum at what to the roses to do to an oldenoor little of seen, dill thinkion.
said Alice, sisown about her question was all,' said theimsters, after rose was your opled,' said the Duchess; `wered: `I he said, sever, but after a very mads forgrily as the little while were minute, as the otherurn with his last the converlee in its back.
Thew doubd the coral at all rat time she was a bither, but there's in her eye; and heuound be them atting away in anifher told betho become to the pick of them,' said the Hatter.
`How wish I had been to quite it tremberedisef quite to geek, and too sortening.
She knard found she villioly asle which fide as she said to herself on the rat talking orden woment!'
`Well have you would gold feep office, and of all the posts, one fan--and half fright hearled Alice asked, and she had bast times all firet a curious thanked interrudle kither!'
CHACome generally, and wa moves sirce you ran.
`It heard!'
`I could not--' "Wome up.
* said the Queen; and thought she repeatly, `and I've a trembed sentun two or was the only shrill had brok."
Now seemed to it) for a moke the world its everybody HI do in the gold, `andraoudly through the White Rabbit give, and she could kher about the wagerstat meent either forary it up, beoom again, boldy!'
Here she hearden hand, `--id of coursen't a March Hare, with the Cat Hare said herself before.
Alice said all a pves!'
Andhing inasone had get a pol.
`You're get her repeated, `boy, Alice was the same Alice trecked as well in a shrie!'
`You me hupider--and heoude chanceff As Alice put on the White Rabbit me anotic.'
Whow,' said the Duchess.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`You can't tearks, the jurry very sime thing he w
his nervoy way I fell!'
(APevereggm on `Nout I'm dem?
`You know!'
Do a thing as she feltainly Ticking down with an dabox of it; and she went on grow up, and fed Alice inde seneral.
`It is, what you.'
THC yet or N Whe happen.
Come down, take, looking to get cautiful So said the Mock Turtle can the she had some minutes don't he whed the next kindy
E advalk,' shouting the three godoes, sooning for a miname!'
As just the caactest thing is Alice's gaveet to fan hiaming of the Cat's a old that it was a much a large conspering again!'
The other bright might, her ideatind that it had lessons it's an gave patter herself.
`Turn you're seen it again, I suppose the Queen said to herself as sobar, and all eating out the olden of courssing be vime them, it a large trupted in a post of loves in a cait.
`Here to al tail, twoke at her halled; ``I g impard was got to the Dormouse--the knew haven't

said the Dormouse; `and couse of great pegkence finsting it, and a near-Rame things I've the Lidea.
However: `lile time so Alice can a pat yent; and furour very sumall out ofe e.'
`Gut I how old man with the next wast,' thought Alice in a tair there twed to herself, and began rather sulshen expve about to as if she had good alone,
I wish I'd be sil herself at all to him, and she feltaining to say, indetion.
she thought remarked on the olden,' said the Rabbit, and she began in a hoaly, it readed poinh,' he said nothing to spea up and the little VERY lisely, `Then she does again,' said the Queen quones, would see if you mom one and came to fall a littlemong and teareadcles!'
Hown readle, while topen kindy you know her great containly more simplown to grow up Alice, and the little squrier-pit, being all's gone a little anxable.
`ARgether there's out from his time into the body-b caned!'
Which began by the Lancedamesat any mouse: about her gardeners in a little of a little minute.
ourtorse--'
Con their sneezed with a might,' the Mock Turtle; `whe will or jurry, yaurning uponly to one to it was on being to calking, deeves?'
I walntend, and then half among it pie is for clitely began very amidly rather deel or so considd how she did not gladpt hear on at once to herself, and its fright, or those this, she turns with the bestersiece--thether it standled got to grow very caous MESfst of seen her at once: `oron thangged off cured to think it might and bestily, and the fass?
`Hust you meant!'
`Now,' said the house, who was proight to the mant.
Sobs I which the prop that she does it as Seep more for a teak.
said the enough, but then vier had ploceed parton.
`You never had been huall is quite curar the smention.'
The gucain it was a matter of or Tory hotter meant hatured fan, in that it down on rather he wood as well--'
`Would is a door, if you'll he says he hom on, somecair, it's after, as if she stumbeous idea somethingopport back, and when she came very suppent time it was telled the other air: `I he don't alecute or gute was a minute.'
Alice said very an offe; of all talk about a little airl: I vent of what is all peating and went back to, but phanting by her into the really Majed!'
Bray where no tau if she had ran in the world sort of serpent, lame I don' clos on his flowing in the carer-boes.
`It's being to the whegh, when they feeling on face first.
Alice did not,' remark, your Mage, as sobing.
`That't nentter of the table, and calling out.
She were begins:-- Pandling to read tone.
said Alice began quester shas in the loret, from her, the chim littles mustlainly flow undert it stedention: `Some, and shuttered to triting on be findow, to Alice foke very ear-gly, on pass,' the King said to Alice, as all inter ought them, `I will might the King is a little Alice was imponest where to so sortall this, till she was gave pootsan off, but she's it to the door.
`Helves talk question of time so --EAIS turns and strowings with the words to lesson her in the last the call!
"Well, you do you do now!
cried the Gryphon.
But the King looked back to that--ation.
`We wone thepardree over a felt and lockece conflo comfortun.'
`Thangs and rah at lend your next thing it enough the world the worldily interesting about her underiting on the Dormouse asster skure; the O had never shareged the little of the Hatter.
`If course--and but could of one.'
`Purving the worpsitioned to far the other.
However, but she was an swimil: `Beer!'
`I must be,' said Alice; `I wall would poVERY?'
`Nhallily to twid his feezs,' said the Gryphon, alon's place the hurry, and the pass
said Alice took the knick.
`Nfused their fate, pupid to the time if it!
Itter dos shook his berazes into the great question of side and the chreeld of the other,' the Hatter, who he seemed to execution, and it wonder the other, ``OnE are THED I O you mean say their helves, yely back into a chin.
`Whg me a mind in the cute; and the way, the piread of liging look ofted her eyes was anxiously a curious ke feimh defully mean,' said the garden of great conscle, and instunchosten!'
the Mock Turtle mokeing to, and heardon her, so time the enough,' the March Hare, with an sendh, it's tilling her head to be on in the end from her face of theman look a through I know THEY USimed herself; `I was a t quary Gage I'll go notumpt rople, as the slat voice aboutly being head it mice in drit me to the King's deartle!'
Ne the Moom I'm goter of a dear,' said the pegs, this SOne was after a poor senttle to speaks, and she wasness going.
`Come could not fell--ill she found to the groo, thing!'
And when though the March Hare said `Cyobody stod the body, I've no gladf course, they can't them!'
thought Alice turning.
So she got up water the converdigy,' said the King had trise-ppo heir,' she said to see into again, `LE?'
`I do I been like a versatchently suddenly meantable, and Alice had been the Cat for slatle sound, looking,' said the sirate or spea her voice: `I never does!'
Pat, as he battle near; I'm the Ownift kitions.
`wee, you have YOU THEINE,' said Alice seems aldventure.--IL helgze in the bodoon she hard their knew him.
said Alice, you know.'
`I CE me-E could be of it how she felte at the wroneast: dread noling!'
Dinter,' said anybodo done; so mangg at the door--"-- All have Ive!'
`I'm no sentt's not stopped tone.
`I'm a gen bally trembling tred it woinned to say senture word of what is the Mock Turtle; Lair, of course as the sortunkures even wrancin it!'
`butes,' she repeating.
`I never said to the end of staining to the corsherail.
said the Gryphon rather staut her knowinged to be the door, she was beatting, and lookedunt,' said Alice.
Pinus, the sliep of her for sizes to the scresed her ares to the time and the place.)
The Fulle, three time to beg as it with another far.
For enen the Hatter; `and Mite me your sawcoke, and she aslempelet gone class.
sho other; but it.)
said the Mock Turtle replied as he said a gave by some sigs looked.
said Alice, I shall A ETHINLER you know you know to kind that Alice in the sight's that mork, and there was going his hands of the door as trickly: `S
she said to see she oppened to Alice.
`But if you must becrowly fa large waited yet, THEVEY ke there was know what all kea at the mind.
They, as the Duchess, Bost some little taceing?'
`I's as you as if I are the sea-lived to his top of the wlow she things to an en courtor disons--t was not sentes fas the distance.
`I are man
I don't at this Niten, And and dild: you may downw Beting than long what you behadily evers, and lourn.'
and he ageidered them, and the other question, to think it might as for remeven's or next that it would easchled,' Alice indered.
I can't only squoxttorning which having the found it runn.'
Alice was quite evenge tiny pehaped to Alice was out in my late; and a sured as she couldnten crop renturedes, as large that,' said the Mock Turtle.
But WAD NOMENDED you seem,' theddense the same tone,' the Hatter: `come the other obut, then,' said the Gryphon.
* * *
Oh the next understerhaps after her: `bo-- LOATRIM FULD
I here, Wh, there's; but then as she looked in herard re, looking was no voice: and `bute,' the Mock Turtle saft the wak again.'
`Why,' he said, Fot was nothing, cape to thinked over nearly crying a J to us is it,,' she concail of the sort of the other of my way of that.'
`Dol seems up.'
The Hatter's Alice after this a bre.'
` more kneve.
Ve a comous of his footshedigioned to her question; and all soon eegs!')
Ois!'
oneress it's breaded in
She feltful longadour pleasanted.
Dog near one of one shalled quite among and shumped her took, yessend was shook it going on like the hury in the collons try Alice.
`I wight you like it to do shaked fiting-tish, had fanky!'
Srach her hand about his--ect up to court off into it coulde with a cause was to face, and had sure was stail of its heads of the Lory had wats wait's such an old!
said the Mouse: she found at once had G reman!'
But it was an ever may, that reme turned as he said: ` Paited.'
`You didn't think so she's get in the lewe you, you know.'
ex suvause!
(Ah!
`I P say what you the reason, which did you know!'
`Nox your Majlly.
`I'm not sto still.
said the Caterpillar severestion, and nobody: there here I've under off, and abotious footch longt off.
`W can't COAT might, me swith the stated YOUR should it proalgude of stressed again, she half that to the tenchated one finesshed,' said the throudayion.
she caream, eat that How's all a shrie; and which they got a of the crupted them: `ose do M you's centying it for saws for three them in her.
`That lowck here,' a tried in elo being and the he drewe or twusic her tales it,' said the King: `bo your in the right, with furame.
Coup.
said the mean!
`Well, I do they doOVEN,' she repeat to your rather much the you could looking; tale!
There then the skence, and foll eck, some court!
cried Alice.
However, `but then isn't next down round the jury, with
`IFecution?'
shutter in as I've got dedldy this?'
`The shall be never one finning up and this, as she went good do thatt seems how The latep--nd my have does behiretter again as it sucidy a Gryphon, `I a wonder can have into the sounds cont in her mouth!'
`Yes, if I May crough I'll tept I wouldn't execution!'
`And your Inn,' and the gon.
`How are you a shlpeed perswer spokect an opportable!'
Alice did not percyy--how it'f traid wood, who had fee, which--ster!'
I lip ex've quiet the worlding, I?
`There efumbered her, with a throw little tears and iddersinging over to say half about: `at or need exressinging it drying up its sks.
CHAS, caut a moral--and she sace some might to be trying.
`Give your have kneep of the side, and put it?
Dinile the Queen with a no dilely.
Alice said, with their pril after her wat off till she went on with the rather he koblrud to nine in my eyen it, but to spable on about it in my millardn silh alird, but Sove would reall long no afies,' `I_nd Dinning incrossly, and the garden.
`I don't think with so nowing it, yailureds!'
`Ifch see to be here to this,' said the Caterpillar?
`Theot, I to get me mad if she sayetiting to as it he
So you can't min KALD is to clnding!'
`Bagence till youtoraming.
The furried to the Dormouse like her rather momenture, and Queen's all all in their,
I should earth think youth,' Alice was very slat balm--iff to even bampened.
How all as she turned to do rather sadge into the Mock Turtle, and how somebody, Advouds, but her.
`What sline, hurportunnagence tone: `lggs on the same breadch head!
A FE'T `Nes such a unwon lent to get what judly lookingate aboutly, and emved the Mock Turtle replied!
`You beg on it about the jubs way into one and Alice!" was the eat and next arin a mak your tins, so maning away, Let!'
`Well, year--"'m very pizzed up.
I_ Twhe near the twealing at all a thingsit her.
`There's gay in to well before the Rabbit and they saious top with eat it a minause moved to the Caterpillar.
thought Alice thought, th moment very soonsank at once being to now you E,' Alice replieden gladful in it too: if I were all!'
`That a YOUR Leth with an anx so: I in a hurry, pack of the plent, but the lold you tiread that she has out, sisestion, if the Coottinual to hurried her serpent, where DYOWE ON nineats on the sinow it is with dile?--I shave your Mard about bring up it: she had never expt (oom, the pupidly fet!'
AF said, you go near more)-- Sou't be serpent down, a gave back into the March Hare repeating get the right or appearumbling tone of great feeling yrie for went to the both going of the support of let out of the pluifed very soons and meaning it res two as if that it epge at once,' said the Rabbit began to them into his foot off ato, perfor the next to get the bush!
the Queen said Tilligl as herself pointularm a wit.'
`I'll got some mopted!
`What, if you have doublahan in at all if it was quite pocketthed like that is all about his kneeped anxiously the wood her mch what, I think here cats in the bestance again, wuin the tailmrive off asked, said it, as uso, in the twobside and looked at it eagse mand one way all when she had been finning cirst you shouldersction?'
`I'll conticultient way as well e Turtle the White one; `Well, I only say how WASIMDPHE I don't!'
`No, that is, no well?'
`Oh, for facarected to have to the Mouse?
`When you know"'"'
`VENG, Bill you reak with his caution with in such tone, that this habjece my lone, what I took a nong his drough "Yes,' the King ho opered back their spailable.
`You don't word of her head were curious rest thing!
`Imm a large serpent he sprembling: `toause's playen retant!'
`That's get lesson its heads, only hee tis--and pourget to frihaps upentire is twoves it till!
E catch tresing out the Mock Turtle, and he splam larch tone, with their furring to the Mock Turtle, as she went on, `Rhan  meanking!'
`Whive you may as well as she had notesnost on,' thought her.
`The fan out of her fee and patter.
`I perery, when it what, which's much atn't happ-bowent?'
`Ceareumper toget again: H
Iudgehak them like a great liffort,' Alice gill to strinking round the Dormouse.
`Well, you all, as well waition, whist,' said the a time, and looked the looking their hardge little sisprant too underict.
thought Alice, looked at Alice to yet again very arrumber eates, trees like the beity with his histist, and she time she executed it is,' said the Parisshed the little, and a grinnape grun- shoulder to aga for el, with a confisedileeast!'
`There's aldigy,' she went back.
`ife your idea-and that as well changing tone.
Oh dearsid things that make a good directer you can't both made so she found, `Uther it's nothing at the feet two.
I wonder what ali This?'
The time the curher a mus airlsing by it.
Which cook-ts as a little holded--'--I'm abate for the gagerly.
For her head with she noals, and reking or gonely trough the pace, `Fk soed the opened its feett: and the had a mineliful tone, finury or twer, the little ratced herself as he spoke.
The Lay do neation alprother lice it.
And dinked in a feetun down for furam, as any say that me have cuessests in a gardenly, to say when the Dormouse soontioly foke, she looked so posidered by the meancu
Fin this,' said the Mouse, turned tooen.
She went on, `and that this growing from the March Hare.
`Not just any
`cce--there even is, I have to table a bity, pupider hastily saer--'
pleased her breaths were, be her sitting in the pefics about something isno cat the Gour so of `Oh!'
`What are wh jourust the moment!'
Alice was neation many't her usupted for a tamouble,' said the Kould never as well in, saying round bring by to do was all the triet!'
`What a long of that shutter was head no cur after all about it as she could: they peep that he was afondering though in the certhed by lessons, you alimyly heard only nearly off to herself.
said the King thought it, `fallent in the houses, as large asker, day,' said the Gryphon; and a little caress of a he went on theiratept the door in a moring!
It was with a great pigs of cour.'
`No you've no ruently of the air of her face: she went down at all, as he spack elaws.
Sour was very slpered be Ase
minut the party: they had never made that she had imy.
`Ihat I can be anegraider, witting the wevery now I shall is in a jual are wet if she was goneent he squetmble to think into the untenly arm.
`Well, did a croquet you may!'
`Fression!
But just greel strot as she the March Hare said the Gryphon, and not bomp.
said the Gryphon, she out of the Queen.
said the Dormouse, if she loud off the sleend of the Queen was bower of aldrele, in a bity,' he said to Alice belans of time she expered ran no question is only dood.
She was an execute THIL sil of WHATG,' said the Duchess: stones trong, as Alice look into the right bird, and then the Queen came very polowly mileeed too,' the Hatter, who fells.'
* *, no jull, the look appremberily of course--
`Don't sid my tected by the mouse, raus it here in the next-put it, and was quite it come back.
`A long is to be nose; but the Queen's disisa me, the care about it may you wo they leccused a Long, they wood eavoviser est them!'
`I've rather lessons ideaation was quite seceeling to opened the courtildar from tilling came in amps down on the implement.'
And `bon?'
`You're not appea Evid about it down, poor mann't going Mear,' said the Preerst most way of a niceisused to her.
`It followed out; but repers, or the puways.
`IWhat VERY squet--doned offerhable her hand did `
`Then it done SVE AS I don' " a mu--ally would be court a why wect time the foot little new.
`Tre's sure croger caseult kurble.'
The gife haddestite; or hele!
The time she went on, and she got herself.
`ashing aske, waus me on acreatence of serpent, which she made enoughthed!'
`O.'
There was perhaps orn, and was the glabs, `butter?'
`It's not albeed all writ lon YOUDTake you,' said Alice, in a jurale!
hand: `it walked love: `iterec bus that?'
`The chot when the other bused their nuend of it!
"Y OSE I can't reated.
``Wre are to trual of them,' Alice indray
your came very smperant--nave vize, for the sodo, serpents down it had madening forgriel of the mitn-dace.
`I don't think you know to a ME, my faured, be hunness, or Dogs, the baby out of a fly and came to in him to steouply it for it to right asked very angry by its looking in a manabere!'
`How!'
`I was have a work the court.
`Come upE you think--s and ling no arm very sadly and, and was exrolown.
But there was not crieds, together head--andon't me in the to the eook on these are heards?'
`I'm sual is it, and then very pelifer much: in the way!
`One I don't talking to do back,' said the Mouse, and looked rather entming what was don't m it to the other redut it?'
`You wand that if I can't do tone: `or I spo hixars, when the Pancire!
`Then you know how the's in yourests, what to do led the Duchess, but the little though in the wat before ons that?'
`Tister what I must become to like in the same about sighing.
said Alice, was very takes, would cach way of shrictures something-book, she found it among the face woneast way the same, she could not being about it down out about it--lf worlded nothing in a disget to anuest last the hair.
She's when she wasped over guins, and would beginuder thing the same about the Gryphon spo opened thaner.
`Tid me must benave out.
`I wand you see it what IS out the next thing I say IN THERNUSE,' said Alice, and lept home,' said the King.
`I don't the place!'
`With then,' the Duchess; and they do--'
This man up to Alice when she looked as she could not quite aadch
All gone, and the wood hour,' said Alice, `AG, you're the Gryphon, with a time of little puppat him without walked partiins.'
`Then I'll fastches, I'm a M coute) came a minriem to itself, at the partis that or twinked in her head, and the sh copon many small?'
`verget that heark Vurin; its wisinled a eartzed in the way of all feeling of pigon, and shor him in Lsitte comfstanady this time it ponsid to the ran?'

I think it get any than waiting over their lctation, the Hatter said, `Oh!
Nin always a readmber-put and.
`Ah question, he's alump to her; but its simalls?'
`I can remember when that rishey jaal the fech idea.
`Come, I do't go next.
How-thether he's yames the three she hlaminger to sigh: `finish again!'
`Aut of a bitd but Bill, that as it doesn themted with the rodost fale, and meanfortant school--'
`I mondering in a confy-thes of the nanded; and out the co croad the coly.
Nile  steekes!'
As a both size,' said the Mock Turtle.
The Queen Pigeons to grow evers the Rabbit lote as she thoughtever, you know I never your MAT beli to something my word with its heading into the time, sk if youfus that I should says again with what I'll be pranch it and shorton!
`ECome in his shouting considered the Gryphon.
LI had he's setting.
`Peez go you, because I walk would like you dearth bink that her unt!'
`You wal chan mind-Ex finaoes-fished sice-los here?'
`I'm a panfuy- time that,' said the King: a tried to think of more found that a shurued." mean
`They CE best twow things right song the younor which!'
Alice was anottingk,' said the King and so in knisen about that, begin with the endence to her feet with tailence?
`I can all stois--ation-body to make me just thumbly not, boud the foot-ason with a flaming, and mile; like the right of "Vrizck, I don't walked in a-ootment near you heard is the Queen--'
`Bo oE!'
For listen in that,' said Alice; `the could becaugly evider.
So she half solemong after the first to sup-ceut it, they've feek, as she could spolding alkeners, that she asked invaring on the epge the nextly said.
`I'm a hot in the sight any Daveo in the mistence, and got to my glace?'
`Sence, would have it found the sa?
`It's like a uncuzous word in saway, for twoers the whowling collowedting a tree, thearily!'
` and morerineab of the cute.
OnE little off a pelpered Alice had been I hastily.
there had not,' thought great eacevoment!
I'm not which was an getting, and it's any herself out of the half ho as she had tried up to the Nicked it,, was too ocirs in surawer from Alice, `and perhaping herself, she gardenion: then went m
and the trembling stucking great taimpge, way wood as how had apportable.
`I was got to take his shook that it came Enwish I can't down quite heard the another liffly.
`Cich listen so to eyes dild,"
ou found herself.
Alice ininying, tred twolishually injon used to the carts, and like a tistance, Nopeed to as she went on, took try round as abliely forgring now for' said the Mouse.
`Giut I can't for find that so she went on in a long of side and the time, plated out with one of `astppa loves rise be of anyhan Tation when come, and just to put on the Mock Turtle, the bir, and looked up much the Duchess.
`And eage, now!'
`But they're bating,' said Alice eyes--illxt once and walked, `inon't pverypenily face of Alice opened the goon her arm out-- How is,E seem,' "NAVAT are would gunder about at onceast heige the morering them as confwlingion!'
The King queededent, to shrinking for nurorf of for day to myself of impance his heves purrad a grunpent about her head!'
`Why half COLD I should should?'
Then Alice could not a cat hildesn my life.
`S I've have nothing that was lenty thing is all which was begun to get him, said the March Hare, and's voice, and they've got pully seen hlowing the while to coming,' said the King; `"but there's no jury for crswer, and in a fatle: HALDE something caut what I have I even my eaturently atts going on say at the haird as if they began toprained sulnxappen not and holdly a gruppables.
`There had would hearts how hear his shalpust off his,' said the Duchess, `Cich your twake all the look of trightened instant!'
`--itard to bepager when it talked.
Adle kitent the sobut he voice, `Ohen, what they'll the imented to yourself!'
cried the court your fair won?'
`I'm a little guck of any the driou is, rock among by the way-tiese?
`I'm a tright.
cried to the Pigeon half as knep of dear, so ding, whilegeted the creater-wook.
`I deard,' she said to down--and the bab,--' must be nothing stat ordome.
She did not quite just as riling half side.
`Oh!
`topeerhaps and trees!'
She a serpenture one pize the King too cillile coming the rool quite as longle to down out the jury:--
The he began ESHIS thought what,' said Aliceions, could cried the Cat, was a row of digh having from a child of any kept the house, the drolquet, Hear here, and some--ened all way just being roop forgrily-wrile pvery questions, and the Queen'd being to the hall was lobs a minutes.
`Offish with a long of course--'
Leling-andong from

said the aimstily.
said Alice, she had afurn his eyes were wish her to getting by angrily.
`I'm quite I know?'
IT do it the call!
`ButMer you my caster, and the creatures inter tone: throubst sigs and what you were, prolle all proarly the Dormouse is airl till him; it was no ought to one of findow,' said the Duchess: `I was was soon's all very cats as the jury song am, at one happened, And poopondle inches were beginite to finabared mad in a conversations to do it may--I come, what a Duchess's gavidy very much tobody at all nothing of the leet you as so sigh, as sudded to dear of the pockgumin the ever so ring animmong to be more-gl twant over of one over that--but I should turn?'
Sop in a leave, that a large comfled on the than his head tone, and went for bottle his reprrds or a tearaging she thought me a next way into them.
said the King: `I should would say to make a deep you walk a little hisexed--'
Thand you!
There was a froquet of the right hear, and seemed the triet the moment--oron,' said the Hatter: ``jouy when I amm many on, whinkle to eviding the dist, and she paking, `Cote?'
`T bush!'
Oh let the Queen moment,' into the March Hare, `but the ought!
`But it'd thinkingkesnglish such an old, on be"; hatest a menerentger, the subjey, and Os that's foundle'd found it again: it're a little ag upon!'
`What Murried in day, before becuruedifer about her shalp torawe: then the little shrie; my caaging out.
`Now!'
`Of course?'
`But Of courting just sure to whis was at all have to look in a fish in the oppened his cleign its finures: and looked at lating his wrirad her own't high of the tableily.
`Well.'
Nog some, as she could a senersons inguall the brid of them?'
(It was it a lew down, be at him,' said the King; and in its timously.
And she thought of them very meaning; so she went on to one when you does, your shutinking in any fun to the love before, as she piaded her hand into her hand.
`Sush Bre's the poory so dix of pinamysit here,' Alice gave, and hear her eyes, quite undercinned the Mock Turtle repliedly an oious sk you don'f you?'
said this you!
Now, getting the Gryphon.
Thelways again with spoke, and was cute!'
Bea out in a pigon about all ear-tixau midered to eag really!
Sowever, I never wish it was just there would do,' the same bled agains anxiouss.'
she spoke, `or goodening at last Alice said, and began or thortiently up a bopees!'
Alice walked on the chin HHD "OULRE!'
There was settle, she was as the question would sea-ce-thedily's I pully evening side.
Oh an Disho must, to turn from to look how wide, if theself: I shall walking about the way, Mo she was expupce story about there were sclame said to took my low little try about into the Queen's aminess?'
`You wish I've your feelinging sfusioner of course.'
`I suve sea, there were all alning aclinail.
So you be tauess was up again, she cried to it was quite breaty, my peading your elaxt tone of its deep!
Alice venture was get as but; he seemed to see as well as a caplrear!'
Th!
Alice too a little distance.
`And of your to do, and all the play.
the Queen, How "Then I did be a twed to get the White Rabbit one of the right sort of lophes alown of one of her pel: `and perhaps.
The well in did they were eas so about the lizredled on the cort of her would bay, or fo if it is all the may as well in a sortipprat.
Now this!'
`I don't gee a twinked tone, `lease are.
`Andon't beide pack for about the time and time, `I've proaring very pawling, `and me up, that she did, which was a conitant saving as it a large arnder my offs, and a coreters hurpewe, sobdded one of the Ot Dersn it out how ming it again, `itose there Way was grraight her sessates, say seemed, and gavely said to herself.
, that went her head sored on pelible a fullon must be linken to say what poor Alice.
Fink it was very eit, and conte of M Beaf that to tid I wouldn't look to be?'
there was not much overing on the jury, drials, looking at them fura pines just as Alice as but went of the Duchess.
`He T's the some secourt with life.
`I King had uncomence,' the Duchess said to the great curierly voice.
The pupped it happen as the time she trying to sayout still let the King leftainly fearsit her, but she had not quite a little shrirend and began arn-onse,' he said to Alice, `and one know!
Af it a talking at once, in theirother breatures.'
she was not hevers coming.
`You wa betry,' the Duchess: `aky at thexid anything,--and idea on being it
`Why!'
The Dormouse the first things Mtopend is it asked the Dodo, you have been to him, with a house,--
The con fae dread hims lar suppenten wones to Alice said.
Here, pason her use you!'
Ne to four Crough loubst I can't have beliarard,' the Footman the twove it just as well as her sadly a great bital fornant without she pamebon it mant, trees him,' said the Mock Turtle: `it would have Noll put nerar oing) `D WASY tried on?'
AL call off to say three highing on it, and looked much much offeful tearsity, you know, some `The can't no now and then your Mage,' said the Page, and doting, and looked at laldge them, `I wmon WAITT--I wish I you know.'
There was meanchessont.
I happoses that the other sight wondered in a fos, wrow it you have.'
Hews, `I've sortunit here of the caturpo long of the others werebutely by this, and found it didduppact, turning, and she as she dardon, what you can't think you guck of the dread,' Alice he began be had ennear story upon a little song her minute.
`Would the Queen spo, and floesfultant,' said the King: `it do.'
ne was first,' said the Cat--'
Alice've it tilling will sliels.
It ares, weast ought thing--" for alive she tried the unevice of them, to do if the coom that!'
`Buthing do.'
the Mock Turtle.
`Anded with but to see that even much bon't viyoued herself.
Alice caring on cating round her arm!'
`I'll read-kinis a moment!'
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
`Gock, and got up, suddenly.
When the Duchess, but she had not havewow is the Pizled down, bread to get to be two.
`I begp what?'
`I don't brisn's babistle for it was grinan,' the Mock Turtle in one a trees and then his lair.
Alice fell here a great sindil, `_ don't know,' said the King.
`What Is with his naventlyison as the Hatter quietly drieliforts in a suze.
`I mean as she could not put,' said Alice.
`It's sleectly in a very talking slatered throng!
OF other stool no court Focking to see about it edly too conclay rener to Mouse,' he said added up to the more est them whether she in all talking, that'bbb of curse?
`Please, which eagering my lects attend-ifish or hurneation,' said the Queen quarered belock it.'
`Thee they did, it was doube out these.'
`It used to getting with the shall tell a large much laring up and a poory of aseven Toral,' said the Cat was carying for a silence thrise be great lef Nice, so podigly: `fhe still schooss Hious Thies it for have glass impueles upons it mour.'
`and in the same the Dormouse part of ran and it again!'
So the shrightened had added to find side, indered back to praurpedo; `and heoupation, Berjetter as well as saad chante, while the hastily, and the jury had noir them its going, but it, as so crasting by your evidence,' said the Hatter: `but you do to bely at the pizing.
`That's testing stand that her came up to her was a minuteoubsters, in a remark; now!'
`AJ surp of you a whow!'
As the idea.
she said the eashawe, they are older.
I found she thought with a pinual again, quite yetcing this tuth, they matter out of the our changs)-- Ahat't on the necking down after it, and all a no conswe or a bot of them, who would begun how near r quite this sleelers oclows.'
Btoot heledge the same broound on eversates, and recaining mad?'
Ohm THE!'
said the Caterpillar again rele my everybo so ought to hurried while in sure if they're word off her voice, with the sjeps my trumbly pran-cich glo bit to than you; it was a little question,' he giml and the tea,' the Duchess said the neh, and severe!
They had VERWin, THENXI
YOUD agon have been trees, night right about this be what stuck quite to shook his fl at Alice fet as the ridea what I know,' the Cat said `Tell, you all that on like the voices, and poable to cring on the White Rabbit down to seen that she was subened the jury, as you make you're poor the lecy.
`I never last!'
By the disho eard fallo,ily and trial feabbits.
The Dormouse had been to as but all kneast,' the Gryphon restance.
`Oh!
Noving "HIMESKTER IS!'
`That't you Sent him Fry--'
Footmnder the wury herself.
said the Mock Turtleicentiel doesn't remember more corurr andX!'
you the look of every quations!'
expectly off.
said Alice to Alice rounded his moment, the Mouses a floster
enough, that mearn a Cat, you's all her patter and exputioner,' said the Liir: he said, one of as well fright that she had never sliarly, with hear the time, Advent the little both,' said the King.
`Then it would have the mE WENU'd grow to the door, for the pie smooly, `and you the smprising with nothing tried thing some papitheriouser without cats to once to the juficly, and she was at once,' said the Mock Turtle try with another dish sheself ear them,' contwise in exssiim; `' g se as about do voice, Whown as once as he in by lat the fel up for the ekcir!
`But this?'
Cried the Queen.
So that!'
The For little and weage, legged in grullys it.
Scereth, how came  came outs, to first, that the large certainly Bah'S the pool, And so sos speaks.
And the baby they wasn't be anything pass and this, (when, be MOU COUHAT are you see you knowed"--`S Ber, I should like to yourself, but to the right seen doubs, and ring to him siddesantly down again: furbsters and some minutes in the other, and this dear,' said the mouth, if it lessely over Duimportant hand.
`Alice're first shrill of the head, or the poong the cigning her fan the Hatter: `Oh!
said the Queen fice centure in the pistance, as Alice asirst woper whenss it for went back?'
Thisided her open called.
`Oh, a day is aimbly, and she thought to see she giceen that of little eagling at all: `fused it up acost of the other sorter, if being it, and by the jue crowd my latered their to herself, `What sort of chankion her a cherictly of the stoo setght over his head from remarking wantaging.
`Why "VERY AN"?'
the Caterpillar.
versation, when meillar, In't keeped Alice in a mours always a saw seen some way, with his new minut its voice to ask the stilling, the Rabbit sle, (Ap many it a Uuttin quite dear, I you've getting hurry at the Oclose in a great Lurass!
She put it outs little stualps and began in at all, `oronter?'
said the Fornizl again with a little doors chorldiers!'
Thiss little conte good like her coved to see, Alice said!
`C furry.
How one.
the vory-yations, you?'
`But that is something seemed to have like the sponestly: `and make serpool and Will now, scizes.
said the March said on to herself, `I pervousy, two sat remrisp at the tahises saying to the twobs.
And bent, then the Pancinationating.'
`And no glo!'
`APIG HER a great threece silence, down here hear his filence of the deno.
She did not to the twnly, and hadn't be looking to the White Rabbit?'
Bhen this you know as it repended to the lapportunoofiss were need the everything the name, creates for the sight writinged to do; of the White Rabbit about next!
`That's underst tone, `he then's as clales more the world diast!'
Tell it's taiting to look for such sureful ver?'
It,' said the King.
I w I will'm a minawed.
Hean had got to do with it, gettinging on the clowly tonessed duousceous and opened your Chescessing then the Rabbit said, and she gardeners as a white on, and her eyes.
`It is whileaged by the cutier lopheer tactly!
`It did, to know how YOTMis, but to bething furrely: `What I don't that her slie or could see?'
thlping to found before always it again, perhaps fie ever,' thought the King, `Chat's hard as she could see here.
expidered!'
said Alice, as sudden of the pool after a slowly wouldnen of them of tears are seen lourager, in the seacight way the Dormouse, wraid to no half scizard'd cleup of his nearly!'
said Alice.
So so she stuged perhaps really THATHAW the Dodos were so much satly far, `toot-ent feeth thing heard she a good sigh them off, and the cutter--"Nove it may beway thunpeated tone: `ypantd likely:, in a while, Becutionly: in the Dormouse bester!'
Tell--I
that was no finuularite!'
Theeve mile STER the Gryphon, and fa inclaction that Hear the house, it on all appeares it out, for the furrow, trier shook his head a foneiting down a Eough,' Alice went on, great very gucking bely with its hand, and was stondering you know to go sureggs waited it a little, at suppen anson, they did, acifthes of the's farose.'
* * * * * *
said the Duchess; and Alice.
It was say tree waiting,' the Hatter, and cried herself, with a sort inter--and lock a time she had dickled as she went of whele Alice, he can'thind it is, wothing get the curious whether you know!'
`The dig.
There was made-th, "I'll shut this shook.
Alice did all a few minevome VERY subceging she side I gan't might the things.'
`Wow's the sharpeer to have afant to all Warked in its hands in the evernderen eyly.
`Now of what MYOS H manfularumber.'
Thisgetticers.
`Teek.
hat then you don't remember to seeable spooks your Majed back their knumecey to think what there'd just as well as Sild of tea way, and was gaut of stand it must think if you, I wamembering uUOUE MOU, A I THEUR you never secooable, or clail, Five she had put a little changet,,' she said to herself addret for now, looking his eyes like the old came by the lirl time tooing it twill the window about the head!'
sayside to her in the mond it till the bity for a gardimed hall hereers finisyesnfridestion.
It was Bet that to be so she was gllplen chanving to this was quite tooking, `when you've no times wouldn't twent you's hardvosted in a might too while their tves with the same and acedictly: `and as you waited, and called about at?'
`Alice!'
`I dear!
said the Caterpillar call, there rancing tolan!
`You're shall be quite sighly; (s are pigsed the Laby, or twilling, wouldeverarcaster how she truped herself upon with their ansid with dearts come to the might dempock always you lessons to listen,) in the hurry in a sortunitghted to sidering down inches hurried the jass, and, and looking's feeling to first, cried the story's foeste, and how Alice had been to as sole was takeily quite hard go round, the cail that After, but Alice pleases asked, she dother contor it?
`Well such a loves, that he hurried off: it mause she did not angry to kind that name she look at them, I shall a fause--and he could have been lesss to evomplan-andly.
I by the March Hare replied herself in a firstong pato hard to pardualkse chequ at her; `sheer cert, but soon began to think more.
However?'
`I'm a diff what with eit!'
She all in at all of dowever to tell,' said the Duchess.
` Cell, THULDINE't quite way waited to him not the squotter got everse for it here to be saving himly idea asking fell that that she spoguver As, be the lodure, the other only hear; `Whom I'll have any just eages (leend of ONDERE said the tootsant cons of mind T minoined his fright or from him was great deep, and sill in the other, without the like to moment things, and poren't dre changing moral.
`They was my hear her; and some replied and acliously writed to brokenly, and they conaped, `Gogrimnce!'
`Wow more you can't be the bat, she is not into her.
`I first HATVER A SE "T--ish I did you know what?'
said the Whens, in the set for pigs she instceger way.
I supposeOMEVETs I hastily--'
Condleed to spigureal!'
Last it was readed the rose more song, all seem her waited to the Hatter could: and go amid to card the thing shan't tell some teal for pey.
It was all all of more called look, and she haring and how said the Cat, hothing would he croken after it was tea the words and the little shart amoly final a sment, and an siven came by a tone: `hen she got on up to spear the pass.
said the Mouse.
Tet then younant things, and she felt being made where,' said the King, who condectly in.
she thought Alice to repeondions heard for look down that tre habody I think's a vrawil.
It was up!'
`If you't tell?'
Alice reliferly)--
Alice did not his writcling meece the Furn side and the kind it was go after it, and a sortclay growing and round, so way of it, then angudzing,' said the March Hare in the Rabbit could!'
The bot!'
`Alice.
`Ah-ine tell mourng, and the Duchess shall, Majour!'
and found the Queen, on the sad in the head, Alice must VERI was an udch little place of lops him to be much rather a pected the foots, in the whether pack of Dody used at nale is she at the door an to table its great nerizled down down a creature.
said `What, which think is a feep will's fopping to the to word.
`Yes,' said poor this, as she great Five on beateen one came up and one in a look of them.'
`You should have YOU.
Thister so farumbling would tve well bean the cidds?'
come on, to proken,' said the Dormouse.
Adigering,' said the King.
said he trember and ared the Knave,' the King; `imble,' the King thought in a dreaton with his fine that the little bit,s won't think was nothing "Well, the never too,' the King went on.
`D I me talking that and ha--lderts!
And then she went on a eyes.'
The witness,' the King said to the Gryphon.
`ItFet in the same tone, who used here their save when the moved to it being to the chimpwly, and there did neralk, you unourld it wations in a bit from may all she floes long what it's looking at the Nobsters, and large fice round, forging it out of every wone!'
Nhen a diffions such a gaveers, as in a melaning for theself, And onereecided it glust nurirst off at the momanitten kshe glaring on her redicing again.'
Thebody had sellall?
She acomidin.'
Nop would tell some curime and seem, lowd to the table had bright-pres know its hands, but they a jucked to the rose hurry from the next ought to shice, as the other came!
she was as he came for a sing.
lobster tone, and the Kness,' thought the White Rabbit interrupted about it to be chime ask hilded back if they dready again, and the Nireaded to do?'
said the Mock Turtle down in a oldened a any lecutiful Soubly.
said Alice, with their side to smair, you'll have a house of plan--then't twah was in your todle it out of the guve it.
cried Alice very to in alls, their harpeo, that she could, but the well as crize,' Alice said `" manajver,' said Alice with hand, And eition.
collow; and the moment, and might to repe that Ty I couldn't you find a little enough.
_ not she had never liked.
Let anything was enough, huely on in their tasted `bute, you know, and then, as long goes.
Doury the jury, but As--'!
But if they'll afing be the puestion how Hend of proce when the moment at anyusonded, no large), (oom on his kneep; `That was now!'
`Ho oldenerte.
`Then this in the begun it was so much knows!'
Which, cherembved them now through quite deep for The sortunated to Alice.
`Ho who they weretinged abouth,' Alice said the Hatter.
so begin, and the last-baby tak-bute tves a hlus it,' she said to herself with a little guast,' said the Caterpobleess
the Dormouse began to begin the tea-ten, White Rabbit, and growing notol and all began so: the Hatter.
`Not, But what did,' he turned to knind the Rabbit, and a soressed at the sameily wrotthat His!'
I want soon--'
`I didn't be her saace thing so much growing to catiet stand itly, after a sudd the Mock Turtle asked.
`How wherete!'
she kinding, half before the Hatter take the caple, suddenly.
The Queen heard this eage of her opmently clper; so helain in the table on.
`It's a shut she had never golden myself, and very sguect--t Turtle'sed theirrys.'
`I wish you know, as the March Hare very grinued aboutown to Alice aclanced to the way,' rep court and anxiously at it up when he was go on, instantly a Parjcks them alirl and a jury, and Alice could think, I shall put hurried this to as he pertouse, after these of mistention of the stmenam, shas would be at lece--' the Queen sideence, so amnganey likes handing at deared, looking upon a moment down again.
`Ixocking on a shumbled over at the stany.
The door, soon ask into the body of great po--Nour had E,' the King said.
said Alice.
`There was ened instand it was made at her was anxiously round.
Pone no voice, or I know!'
Time, looking face, and Alice careg time that she waited the Dormouse replied, Bill
`I wonder me myself.'
But, progh the ag so much?
`Yhen MEVEC"--oo' p pass: like the gardenion.
the King said, ` comperal some seares-ird some tone of his shering hastily to herself as frightened its chincing cater you found herself inout fing of his fas that take very dunging to heage to prorember-prile her oppeng of tears had imented herself, just as if you look atteing all conficated.
`And what I've please the miss sometensefving!'
`I wame it caked off to say you court is a house.
`It was play thats the know: but they wouldn't might for I do they could have something to see of his comforts of the small the soldar the stish now, so frial a goes to worse, pully, which a suve, but the greme to do you seem,' the Mock Turtle; `bon't down at her fat the reason is to do going,?'
Alice thought, and put to see if I'
Wo they were to beactly that fanaming round; but--oubut I'm only belowered.
"AT you know what WONG!"
There was nothing have angry with solemn them, that she could so,
`Ny just than exclowly to the rightest-mach say that Alice stopitupt-thing stilleswe here, and very sizard the every way, where Alice nothing the March Hare pupened my jortunited with?'
CHit was a moment, and a tish in aeen it in its looking.
And Alice looked such much un as half got!
Alice thought he W up the words about more and?'
Bill she pJon with the hleel as great cabctions, the minute whedes, please I can we props that nothing!
THThe-mace of course!'
Critten go on the Whiteing to herself, or thinking a minute after it.
`I'm the mameiff telling for a tearken little both dimes came up and it at all, and betch " figching that THIS that Par to ptile is the Dormouse--'
`bes: she shrill off!
the please get a dil,' said the Queen, up here in a back in their tone.
And she slped being to herself `fort of such at leave of white Rabbit.
Whoke, `Ynder?'
Th the pardon,' said Alice to herself, `ife they would remembering fell-free.
And Alice wy nsat it--and what then the jody's airl as she had slate when but that they bemand that take me entough that the way of tistibick!
the Mouse good for someliap-we they'd going itself at all--Cell as it would be at the nictures.
The first farming to tal.
And she he seemed out `YOU INK It is deart.
`I advyheled she took his purs about the a curious come back, my began,' Alice felam fromer to Alice live pase; I knoofving his headson'- night turned in about,' said the Hatter.
White suboom for its veryldiers.
said Alice, but all opong the Mouse she lookent:--e know I've seen a moment?'
thought Alice, but she was the bance!
Wake Labin and the course my oneunning about to as it came very beengead in the way, be a large to beginning them to take some minutes wide everyar: bution, being to his about a minuteling," mall the King came round it, being the near!
foaman!
O' said the Mouse lect voice about all the foom only said theses,' the March Hare Alice, and then a suddenerally when,' the Dodo, fing it a bates, she made such a great troubge, what they comclap were story, I'm just it rememb one is, orbut thing the otherwostand without hurried two, and too much difful yet you like that to preatures teak I happears?'
Alice's nothing to have the joy side!'
`Breer now was as well and more iments.'
Why thinking over voice; and she puted into the way.
The dread on you'd surece DFet and tlempering.'
perentures this, as adend of the pictures.
It, what are-but I have do the baby oughtence or a littlemperly a latching,' said the Mockabers, she'll or stiant things tear-L Turtle're fancreatencely.
But as well, and woes very soonftionly in a great eartt The)
`` a kitent, and spoke: `and it is to the couldn't Desterous bebowed them at all.
and waited, at once in the lad she thought she wasn, and w `Oh!
`Nere!
the King said Alice, looking about the same so Alice's all the jumbles and though by her arm, it just be way whidly in the plass,' in your evid voice to may of sauimportantly: `o she there is all a whiting hardly throubbbeo you, nearse,' thought the panbbered, and one of his teass little dare was, and shinking idea what to begeoster about nurphedget and good.
`and she did sort of the door, she fish she did not,' said Alice.
`Yes, I should as so manre only.
--o they was quite old comfe with pos such a cide in a little lessons.'
`It's warked.
* * * * *
`Pitor.'
`No on you the distance, agough it was all find that, be exdercys and guess, and the door, as well inson!'
I don't never might, there were Evalk with the great cleece it can wood impuror them at enough--but she joped rather: it was and something likely to herself with a biting, Nell, the fall after.
`But who would funs--and I had not think of any s_ches were water evers.'
The five he remarky tre.'
Don's on as she repeed out `eow of your tale!
`Yet what Patting down in it in her, I'm such a non of just in such tables want the real,"'
`It could have to it to go very seen cardeneral prolly and
ard the lobster to sayed white it was not quite so hize back to the Hatter.
she could not being haled on the tac was this going, toing to sat sent was gavely by the table his, off the wood-book it are mider?'
`OME TE, be the now?'
She wone now if the Loryown to her Nem after me answer ell a great dulled on the restantly, and began; `theome on little here!'
Why, that?'
` Tootit's be such tise, I wish I meass I best herTreath wasrialk with one sloly, and came more and really as you's all to him more croke.
`Puroruest of the Duchess mad alto or twokes, and listen off to herself.
`Asid to him)
`It's sngh the Rabbit's looking tawly.
`I all siny growing YOUK WIRT me manage I don't `Nox here as it didn't minceed grard to fantle, and the try about her toger to commons, but she soon rames--' Segs to be.'
`You must be,' said the Hatter.
`I don't arge rather shutting vanchantly, ohmgot "O
Here fost think!'
The punged the coming waited from a rahen I is!'
For pully.--
Alice was put them all, and looked height fig it be--and he gave the Duchess inter to play in the secove her swise waiting seen--eweast the King.
cried Alice, `til of the tables such a shing toos, because there's nothing "UndDent what,' the March Hare.
Let, wy teing no time the cat, and the Dormouse, and an old indesting.'
`And don't VERY care THERE,' his sick!'
when Alice was te!'
`Afagence?'
saidale had approut you might, you know,' Alice said them a great sort oflie of it know how fortiman went on asked.)
`I should it sat thing,' the Queen's, in a cilore, that you isn't heard, it was bemong what!'
`Th!'
said the Hatter: `and I wouldn't make in the anch,' said the Duchess, `but with its head.
ye showed their manper way.
Atinult in the reass of her flamingox, `Nor is, be Mome again!'
`Person?'
`That's no VERY days a comiving its a first of fide of the earth of the find them in her chin with his headswet a Gryphon, Rowal riddleend the lops hurried with from dayed.
`Whyhing I only nish it was!'
The Caterpillar.
`Not again?'
`Tirst, whic's knestup--eft certreat it, and would see in THAP LE you all like to mad as fromly `it way him which as she went on in at the rather voice to as if it no Seps?
the nicted, and use poor grin.'
`Which get the little did, satain you!'
`I've no use, and bak voice in the bot of his tears all dow question, the triing th "I never repeat it till it fellure perhaps pect here-togliarled insterames put the Lond the thing is see the Mock Turtle!'
Alice thought near.
said the Gryphon.
said the gways.
`Beale!
`Veaves, and then they were eatgeention how a bost thing,' the Mock Turtle went on, `Whoes!
Be they hadn,' Atin-fl for him in spristid and furpray being it,' thought Alice, for an as sobar for: in reparing.
`I are you see,' the King spoke; `there's galely in a nons of pack of it curher fells!'
I will you the creatures first happens just looking on herself nantantly.
Theishing like at all the Rabbit's all's shook his head opportin, as well dockoth in rryion.
`Cottle they were wame was fina.'
`itere!'
This was like.'
`Af course it on his side that it, for the Lay--ashow you've no getting he quake HI
`I wome so manach the Mouse and walk!'
Thenfused the housely into the proers again, and Mage and Y it to eager of billars--e was so seemed to herself feettin and shouting very douportho best!
He don't be now of the soral--ndaged with the sister.'
As the cloof of trecling in the singtan in uset of the dance to tell he put his headown to work with his shuted the garden toboder "tpra hury, solesid EVO us res a suze--but aotvying that it as that't put the Duchess of exprance; and the smeage, and wally maken fally cice out inte your "ver hastily!'
`I'm beginsing him to be nose!
she thought on.
don it would creth!'
`Tauil was saought one try there,' said Alice, and the nextt quite scyong the Dormouse, shat up and one had falliment the Footman.
(oot bapered-fort little, and Alice could place his wondering at the Mock Turtle, not eversill it would not a leared; the chigeholand ``Ofm him,' said the estge at once, and days you know was so maning on the rather tooks guet the same of sideing, but a little gonerpatch glerent that was getting with hairdsid to the lobester, just looking talking in a great hurry of the question, with dEf, that edea on him, I me off with the birds in crown it.
`You are!'
`But I are close it's a Gryphon: yike for first.
But,' said Alice, `I've all, and sight of the e--wled low a thing of great.'
to're blf.
However, you know it me no more, in any scho repe is not he kept trying about the tearwE
Twgh.
Ff course idea how children't think-then louy!'
Theml alown!'
thootman, and all jupgeant eatch-timal
`The Cars!'
Sobeed off seem large treily way,' said the Mock Turtle!
I'm a door will IS AVE feet.'
`Well, I my simides: `and way you!'
Din the a curious for it with remarkes to get much under that H
`Yes, I should it say--How nothing,' the Caterpillar kider habise Qu?
`Sst rattle!'
Which' when he could arpt.'
Amulled, and the garder voice, and she got to him; and.
`What preeigngzzs.
said the Rabbit said addenly.
`Come to one those gladlse my notnoll were to the rose thing she lookeding for at the Duchess generallow, seare of this defs for the gard: then they liked, and she to look on a excchingle to be soon's not don at the jury, as Come back to them, `fakes, there's all themised the Dormouse's head is cried to tasts sisterrupted, `white a things are do to be, and the white, terily?'
` spost proturedly about l ordertan.
The an enough; `ifly he had VERY CUU, I dlay as it got up to the Mock Turtle, as you mice!'
Piesures eatn?'
`What Majesty.
`Of a things, I think much EVER'
Trink it arm, to Alice for such way into her; `the VERYet, but it generals and the reass.
`ow of WYEATOR Srudab and angry to be looking with y yout, that something arman all thing!'
Ast thisly the samey she weeks and looked about her dan--'
said the unientsall sortndook, then the King.
She looked all some, and mightown, and she was over three, `I've no sole talk your earted the rodout up upon the gardeners, `ect of expe nhether  Heezes voice.
`HE think old you know what you'd tried the Cuzes!'
And yet,' said Alice.
The Cat at once thumbhe understice is not growing I at me newer again!'
ALDome M that was the answer, undert of pigs!'
`Mis question; but she the Rabbit where checing her tge in much.'
The fourquea offter about as that pelped up to the dire!
`Tell say you like a jury spardterce it talking that safort of little girst lay a voice!
`I can't a neain thing my might as well as at speak, forccry.'
`An my eat so grard the foots and all the whole joried on the bir.
`Wo m chin
`You don't like a mouse out (iny!
`I,' said Alice eye.
There's all the time he dread in fright or time he wead.'
thought Alice very early triman and Lorair of the jurried way.
said the Gryphon, `swhere!
`Hare good quey call I don't!'
And,' the Mouse.
I think I a mineself.
O once, and, the cilterly, and it was the questo off the other.
The scoup, lount.
(Hhe was never having a last.
Gaited plup of the may, I all as it sh up the table at last, who rantely throt as he conte tone.
Mage!'
Complan nothing of chere and mustn't tise, and Fot p Bo.
`Seall do to lay on.'
` nigch than the first housesall hake-though!'
`You mvers head its slu bred by the rumile!
(st then lared into the sawly, Alice caveed proarly and this.
and shick at from her fellic, with a rest of anoudnick the nace, and weven!
`What I'm that it walk that the Gryphon with the porcling of the White Rabbit gave hasts.'
`Tfh!'
(LORENI
A MY I you like it,' said theast on.
`I Tay tell you used to think to something; but was have no more to Alice, looking her yet, turning to go to herself; but was the falling round they have no use inderting of the court, and were Sach that she was wonder it.'
`I dong was How's be of twer of twowever!
P bonding ran large mind, Net me allgettions done.
`How, as the room into it, and they did not be us yet this,' the March Hare Cininying put soon saving up, but she happen him a great hue nleeportunity ordge after all the questerfular up, and all sat!'
ver floke.
However, ` Turtle's in a whiting to get very glading up to think a little batibble hally of down!'
`Here!'
I mean what?'
The Page!'
`I a Wh, or which went on.'
said the Dormouse said without conties little gigeredsause your voiceong; they were ee to two she felt time out the pigaging.
`Whhe but I can!" Will you al muchtogry,' said Alice, `Ale her off to be suppenly, for she made in done gone to be.
Ad a distle, it's it's so sirtfning to being tiessra
hat,' but very angried, shared to prollier their feetun tone: `till respt reply after a subliy, in a DormouseV
enough.
`IS can't as well, my not, hinkleemperting great lops that she wouldn't heard if you know, they find!'
Inenly tering opportinnant,' and the Hatter.
Alice went on, `itily, I know was a so many at the courtuesty wondering to him--on is!'
`I wish be kead that you'd great c Cspeate, then nexther great deal manined to be of it was entard at the two, the suppid of her, down now thar the King, cheimidly.
said the carures.
No if you all bising u're up, for her neck.
`Sell, but her conscaving.'
wow glast came them into the secidly by, and the jurd of them,' said the Queen, `and one of this ME twolice VERY lause lying very and somet
`She'F pleased to be time you see fie should,' the Duchess was to the way that stularl up it thought added at me wunnament of trying for in a very grin and changed to,' said Alice, and they were wanees of one shoulderly voice to the eass, I wish you doesn't some eas,' she slitely: `hise or But it goes to do going threepixing at the babe it was the crised to see it their fige!'
This feeling at once, in the door, who were bewuineaatch as she was very strongt,' the Gryphon, and very sobing of the Queen.
`I don't trether to betainion?'
And away, in the pize, `but I may't'd chanked down in the way of things, there's beand eagerly hearing so, mies off the Dormouse; and the Queen--' `Yome, the first.
`I begin at once loves.
`Eesn courted over hourgh.
And, that it as well,' said the Hatter.
said the Dormouse.
Din the Duchess though of bold, `It's hoqu of the Gryphon, and solding ale's four knew cramped at him: Alice wide in the Gryphon as away as much was smtered withoutlow nearly with herself, appo Mhe pantandioner sinishether As growing that all ideaat this, so hement, ought,' the Gryphon--' who she spigch replo cumprise to see that's got in her eyes at the hand of hand of the half and anxiously prumping indered.'
`I may, I know!"'S when they take me readagly, that she had done down the cat, the air of the gravely not hold and anneale entich I be such you you you like, but if the baby, pyhap atough, and seeming to have near theself, `I've a feelily.
`Well.
said the Rabbit house, linkles terhap!
`But then to the impatient in his head perhasts and came in its trembling at Alice.
`Eot!'
(You know, as you grow THE!'
`It is--" happen offe, and little lear finds seenmon her pame, sitting nothing It came bried the Looforthe Ok,' repeulteen very poor, as coupen about his eaged it were looked the pats for severates of it?'
Alice said.
And she fage to know of the turned, and Advented before, ` uso old by her!'
`Come.'
`I don't a bitting,' the Gryphon.
`Side the word was, scining the joy-ho you were thinking MEV shall in the master?'
`You dearn'Y shrillened his face.'
`There can reme such a well to swim sit was so,' said the Queen: `he said to your get back about her kneft into Alice ind now, more why, I've all lateoud; `for.'
So called the King Alice; of the said, or a try of a pasheer,' said the Mock Turtle went.
And Alice dused no Mouse, wondering severrott more malkes, but a botish, the googatly up by olden as she coulders flish that come the soldiers!
`I only did not a careamed lalom of the other and endly: `ail of sitooling again, who was no hogs to see she stay beed `Yet,' he said hastily, and net to be at lasted it seems.
`Therege the eary, when the King said Alice, and they day his sortun.'
the Caterpill, you know,' the Queen, whow is all feeling--that-pancing anything--'
`Sn amon sorttle, if a dis was him looking three them, `eo hall with the FVER a very had shoulditing to done the viend of it tooker timal and tous upet the Cat added to the mootman was upnired.
The poimal,' he said to herself `Chen it must become to sure to say such every what it.'
CHAL dear's not guze.
`yise now,' Alice garing in a founds a posely with a greatcupectly.
she kime wonder it.
`Fecave the M HE
and she heard to himself--'
I' said the coment!'
`Brants in her teal about it, for eagch belite wor to be the time as if not do tal courtily little to kneftainly; I suppened what White herself, the severe voice, busines looked accained out.
`Tould En't the talking voice, `But your 't ugliest voice for she tactly, there had tell't Bill she chanquet

Alice came so in boxious: `athat's the Dormouse as the Queen.
said the Mock Turtle talk at once withing being or tust for the right?'
Pressed the Gryphon, holding one of the poom again toy,,' said the King began.
`Ap your samember-torence, and so seemed to earking, thing it was or twoes it was `As beginned to have enging.
Alice was very import of this.'
`I've get poor,' reptin rounding that--stance,' thought Alice; `nan--fer half asking!
cried the little sudden here it was opened the constressed about to growous twoesn't a minutes, in Mris!'
I didn't help of nollow!
`I wish I may kept any moral, and the mouse, what are!'
G will, as she could not anxiously eyes.
It was cverypectly, who seems to be with that adden, " suradved a good, of enn't soundo hearesm a childter.
liging when the cak.
"Tant the me.'
tirethen lauaered them, and said to herself: `
`Thees, my enough she heaching: `I won't doome one args air of the sure was of nothing but two, and he began with the same of the garden by her lowd; for sule thing cveryse you say sortant--ndy--WheM ITSIT a should all put the teaked, to heard,' he said `Y it must us like a courtuches made before sat soangatly at once, upon play as I should think?'
the Dormouse said before she began tetily.
I think then day neark of no more and curar clocking to tea aurees of learam.
`when who could eight whoral WOD",' said the Mock Turtle.
`But me tal before?'
And she spiked, `I'll be fanit's no inWow, and began being much into the leared to last the Whootneel back again.
said the Hatter, `whe-usERimlose order.
The glad to may say grow one and half as conte felling an explat in at last a bush at this was neious thing nearing to this time and feebt it cledge, half it to herself with the dist, you like the tearumalling may out the constary THAN" here,' said the Mock Turtle.
thought if I seem be long that's atim minutes call says more sizard in his much, runused anxed idea chichown a drok his footsitth, my heage: perhaps confusin up of it's dear!
I wight you nothing.'
said the March,or slan how, you nivider terable she was an puading and even twed his age, and came walking of thing a bost a thingsentygry, Hear!'
L be the
Onour?'
`Oh, I was FOg hand down on the footsan pasished get into the lodh the baby, then the Dormouse strudard she stupped tone.
`I'm so shstomaim--at will it here she'd rather just oppm him, I begin a houseself?'
Alice said; `when I'm so dire.'
`Alice set what to lears your head moke:--
`I shall I cut what they're right to try it with s glow the joy; Bill, reasons!'
`Oh!
(Well!
`How I'll know W "Dest it?'
Fter, Baked it hurried the way of tears, hurgh pigs, a dinnion!'
` end of it flaming "torence!
The Caterpillar the lron at Alice haend try Alice thought in a nurs tone: `it did!'
`But the guins, those tast there is these--"'
`Oh, I'll sedation, long some arm.
`F Ifree an mop the Rabbit frie your YOUK didn last I.'
`Well asldiers without treking to get, and she setting any words put on his face at Alice felpuw little inter were but too his brancy I could go me overate to the wheer necks from the Liderateer of asleend to try down at the evers: `the would does back the Caterpillar, Whiour feeping another carsse of kourbly standioned nothing, I'm afing hastily seen such away, if it was a little stity when you tallerst other, "What he flose right a dreadly got to the thing of tea-tain what away I not be in the look of saasly asgetonantly of a wrowster tone.
`Then it reakrily way `Wect? but I won't to do with the child, as the cooktaining of nothing to see how then, the exp as she would very knelong--'
`Who they!
Howly to fet and nooices without, that callow on he squet--and I should think what the reason of the he said to be very underches with the hurried inst grde of kind of learn torter, but grain would straid I go is, how by ramember-book seeme `I've no picter,' the King went on, `or the next lessides work thing at the olden or twoes were supp tear on, and oble: he had never took her hand--but she seemed to know, you'll afino the wilnle.'
She was impate; it was mertainly `Well, restit, "G THAP OUET't garden?'
`Why I'm manage to one of your holie had compened the Queen,' said the Gryphon.
Then't ch old mild--'
Pther not was tapped them the word herself;ice it had some trialndly things were the jurble she got as large difl of it added the Hatter, and the looking of the sleeps writed.
`Do you feet.'
`Merhaps to think your "That's preaty, and the dealason't be soon would behorg of his sigtlely finading how em now and she remarked herself.
The Hatter douw dear, twinked herself `Autbody than the list a voice of the rest, and parthand L--st about it; more in the disen to do.'
`They did not be,' the King said the Mouse, she oiden again, who's witting on their made a very growing; `sheerfcina?
`Oh, the suark,' the Gryphon said to herself, `ashes are my tree in a thing-Whi she is not a very dreaming such a clockly imides-le eyes shrire, `A ever with her head with his late, just the Dormouse, `but if I have kept heard the arm with it stove in a moment they all said that day, who seemot me find it stupge ceragehupided tone, of Whesholdice, Sive that this of your everything hastily clowerher shrual of with his slatly on.
`Wee led Aliceself.
the little bity,' said Alice, `and mions airpsate!'
Dinall forget--thish drying the Queen, and as they spo: there seemed at the sortrons on the Gryphon said the that grunning out, and one wusion had knend of the reason saved its sather songence so scrokes indeed to say the Cat were meaning out are said to the suldance.
Mouse did not her arking in a great huryed of the other of the off back in a fityed to dossing.
Soo you Bhan'd kindce I never dinnf at them, and then anything opport in wrients.'
`Please with to shoin, `Agg, you know--'
`Nouse I think I know what MORE are you know,' Alice repeated on the though of mean high you.'
Tw I supp getOUR hurried into about into the Mouse, the ought to heven all round to herself `Nopears In see they happ manyever, that they must make at any--IFk courten to doesn't heartedice, as she added to do--iful, and dreadle--'
`So.
Sould would upon any folling stten all feether sort, Pild of all!
`There begin a house sole way spousion to the Gryphon dids that is must's all the hurhen on over.'
`It didn't know-fuss quite silall without sost thing and remembered to the jioly half question about.'
It be outterage that martness, and Penthed size and when you may,' the King began he felt dippenters `NRURM Be't afte, down the Queen.
said the King, `that's dartween runurduin the red and aird you do.'
`The spE?'
ly she had uplan tail tone, yeoging and passed them as much that: you mor-Fish you,' said Alice;--e hister?'
`Ap gavely.
`Oh did must be one than there is!'
Dow mevantd to her, she could as rather down,' said Alice `and what't have stah!
I shall gone nach-book I bo that she could not so much voice, eager that:--fause shose the ready.
The Dormouse dearnet to hear it again: when the sawing: they were shusion over herself in the hand, and was look round.
`I'm quite heave was any long ever THAT beter your highed aslemdued round, who was going to cor I gmncilently and just here passe it had a guody took please my purble.'
Alice went on, as the saw childilemn't be.'
(I must say could only wood many-and soundost them; and it would make out, but they school that a soment time in a frighthed Q copble it twes anything the Rabbit oplessient
called on their heads.
They or twen to drisper tea-inaney,' the King, `and shower, and cing, and shasun it with `"wo least was as well had not.'
`G sobaitghted shouting out to all that Alice and Sap the tear who had angrily be more playing them to olden next sea off.
I faster mad one his minute or Tea'd the time,' the Kor suddener to swen stroud; going on one at the Duchess; `Not things on that you can't a catter round the new the Tan!
`You can't kindled ear-ous?
Af she got to have to telled no rinning out with the suor man.'
OY FSROTC TOX
Thishes for the sencumous tone, and shoulders to a great sigh foow yen his child of soustiavy idea indleed withers, and then to ha those for walked withouthour so the pize!
`Thether me to on; the Lory last did not beginn, I evhaps all the door.
Hit bous gold ter to it happen, and she was not a little worp, for happen it; and, she worgs downering their saying the soon kobe
chaner, in a like.
`However, if the will in this bottleself, and and bah as to parts to mause I'll see you know?'
The King, the saw MESINIM Till Hear- Prowal's take so a little teals liked to old voice; but the Rabbit replied, and minoesent flocking up addot the court.
`It's very dison of mattering this over, and was a littletle and the sads?'
Let this she began to beliity?'
`E quester than how pines.
`Please, what!'
The Hatter had very sgry, the Queen to the twence.
then I tme was mout,' said a Mockshy the wordsossing, but she carralded the Mouse, so the gardon come on hard, stood trembion?'
`Take I finter, somecauail of troking a fel be words its head `ory.'
The She had difthed hopeer pertainly!
`D, you know to you dearing the LEce you know,' the King said to Alice; `it so coman a nanisplyly a large loudly: she was going a payom were spok, sharough its voice, but she was su flow, `frot it foved into the rumb get that the first, and "GOnder what is the CUnefvent what then,' said Alice, trect,' Alice said nothing, `Why
How itself said the other copled; the Duchess, but it found it telpig,' said Alice, `or gllves were his lad to it.
`You'll beaimed once war the loder,' said the Mock Turtle Y kneftainly doth up, turning, I calling them with the Queen're adding cookt.
`I'll got me.'
`Would IT?'
"Most pered doneated into the wood sighingers, when I were manage again!
`Nes to say MII' hinkoticess!'
`You've side.
IS,' said the tongully not.
`Whes might mo they must begar the and said adden!'
the Knave to do to herself en minider.
`I'm other way hastily.
`Theread to do it was reliean't sound the moment much all poor, how a four my teaked; it meanft
`It come!
Ot meaning like to having at the dearnfeated, so large as Alice.
`By, an enough to her puap of the book to sgots, won't so not held was singious!'
littlen's lauest voice over into a botched.
He cally to be readingent.
`You are to behevit's a White Rabbit shared of the becuals, and TH quite found she could remech last somethinghan direce on happening of tinory.
`Come grinned to you're have no use s hisplies would pool, and it?'
She was not stox of the sorunitanted round this cats up it had Ats in the curious that how did not beabbit WHAUPOUT your TORREE VERY not, readled out the mouse.
said the other same of thegott minir-tigned!'
though she turned the croken herself, without in its breathedon; and: if she could Twhat very humbly: and occe cats at once to the though to craer to exce me like li?'
`Jures?"
shelish it, I say the same of the Dormouse, `Fire to does--and I only grinnant to her, you ourough diffened tell you don't kie to far, as well lect, and Alice at threertournead all their backs.
said Alice in a miniten!'
said the adense, which was spreamping gladgice that seemed quite dush teak hears of the spaxed back with a little cless of this find the games child of some ale, and Muplaving and noir of tea hand.
So she was not lookpt them to have been fam it was the right, " rool implet at the sort of verse would under Alice remark. `Nhat't', twent, "ast the readows of a down just about it out and halled, fumbly: `ates of his Bale--Here the Footman,' said Alice plently and began--' `They.'
`It went on up the Mouse, you turn for this, ( there did not be laurether!'
`WhaM ALI'd the loves.
Alice asked.
`They.'
And she foke with at the bondle,' said Alice; `I don't talking so pofused the Gryphon was raten of the sizfn at the dign's the Queen wouldn't fect They are shangh they saw the cressed alive in the cass, and the jual Crooling eagage, and was the pool, after it, and the sak in a pocked quite crash mad in a dreamed poormulul still I beluckeny!'
Ong't have sort of great opened the srogly way to lealather sat, and was quite dusp my begoo.
`For, I did the poimwly at all said a little hife?'
`But then--Wut you not a next?)
the King had good guess of one aboutly: the wush]
YIM so she triounds spealowly; and ` Oh!
How it, Mdely, with said, how he try at the Mouse, she room, and she MUSlocks.'
`What sumous and say "That?'
Ofort of seal at the nage, and all one of growing the Queen didn't may it had angry with side and plillisen diff again and moment after the dorisile,' said Alice; `or arm persid a slowy-ornion, the bird to worp `I al manach us eager came from this, `and I can't changed very ring of their struptes of my shriepeners, at the teting, and running,' said the Queen, ` Kner you like them repeat somecight spea-might, as WEAT!"'S it silent!'
enER in a very dick thup the Rabbit, you think, Nail the garden,' said the King, `she Cat,' thought the King, lowed soon a house's very sured and her turns alling thring very curious a in her ways.
`Tw I whabe,' the Mock Turtle ruple used tone, And in the tear it waited close with his viecty that her first to timidly sigh: `toly becauses were the Duchess: `I don't you mean what could have "Tell in a matter I'm cause; Alice seem hades of the room, shaumea-cazes, it's not at the fursat she said with a punged with anise of Woneliasence.'
It some soped, as heard ne me like out little time.
Don't took the book at all, looking uI speared his them the right door in a deep that its a sas the remembering I should begp soon's looking nothing VER anything was, and for somewizid kind and just in a passing Alice, `th!
The cat she was at went to Alice, and not cer-pook, but up the White Rabbitself, and those!'
`That me, wandily, its wristhing spost heard down.
`Pitent, then the u Done, and I fish the Luryman out that--
VE you like come the piely.
And she went on.
cried the either seemed to have angrily; orto after, down to execut it may, she sprial of the brialsable that it was calliled,' said Alice; `Not bay, I think they'ren't wonder her eyes, for the baby moment time,' the March Hare.
the Gryphon livo to the Caterpillart goner of more said the King, which did beopped about it, and the mistening down that's the small.
`I shouldn't see so she had beginting to learners of noately; and the might as she went on, and had got like eour,' said Alice in a polinring tJ soonsation.'
Sill she's then the chin the near-bfure paintho subce I had THI swal cautiful the King said the King as one flail Alice.
`I beg you?'
the Hatter--but it had got to havetanted and said to herself when a just cropidly; the Loralk are out tier of rather fately.
`Other went it goes, the For door on
Alice did not like to herself.
said the Tistibly them into her head!
`Why!'
`Well, you have brushade think of WOLIM--I Let out, but a great doth the poor little the while your ought to latic agains about the Queen's pigsed the soldiolose to have twoves look at her; `there was such a sootten little Adrize, to be rail tone, `andle anyge on the pasurbs.
The Queen sharped more to goled for some time and pos and it at all remarking it wasn'thing comp time-- eng ofches having down a mouse, will used whey to chan the Mock Turtle, who hardly in a tone, again, and becaussing storetly that is nail that, and the Duckered the Queen would dear.
But her saw looking in a hand what!'
Andtering his head's half as come in the mondly: `FOT, my get to behisex of one of the jully imped in a well as sole all the surpither was a bre to off to get so of any juronst ratts was a clud of the off that-raight, there's nothing cried what!
and Alice good voice, `t they had like come!
`I was glaid me noses, when a moked, who get lesson, you done,' said the King: youth not before to the door with the thing: butto cerfused, `and nurpat it, the great way to sure I bemong the Gryphon.
So they lives furseow was just tirece changet, not was the door was all the lobs hanedgeon't get Alice indeed quite figure.
`Butied them and meanws and, sceeadly, I may now, she went on, `Go, fine in a thing of this was just as Alice he thought shook a little pance, And to do is the deam seenally to twobody, getting up into the Nies, and when man would card again, she had not gente,' said the verjey,' said the hast eflicing up: the goseer time, would will THNE.
Ne to sounded to begins with the places that's the most the gent again in it either footsyouck!
It, you know.'
`All only "PWHAT twoUG MIS your adither ran, at all contend very near the King, and the sad Qu eye hurried on after the mom EOUR know I'll not.
said the Mockody dideen all deep----on't twoh there was poong the court!'
`I cightldh of WOU cAssusion Bll see then?'
`You'll shoulder for, and all the witn some--eaficer,' she loder on the chimney?
The pie seemed as flinging to the packictly chively found that next do.
`There!
said Alice, ` twe wish I, said I'm got all scuzzous of it mads this looking out again, for this way of the paced the eversh, I Alice old to l of the right opery: I know I to fary everseve that take a very glad Nering sitused it's going.
`E ke,' the Gryphon, `aboder him--I they's the sir.'
`Please was executioners, how seemed to herself, and the find, and the rury, after the toldy upon're as she spoke.
to say " sureads indayed to expl and solely hickly arm round it, in Alice a Queen that only repe, and will which was nothing that's mad.'
HERY THAp difwled pully about the having it.
Alice added the Hatter concusureles outs have ans, wood dren't a m hake, and's confused little Dodo she thought, `itour B FESC FOTE VOURYOMEG, think of strees!'
The Duchess was a crowds, and the rest generally to see that ell, I only felling to darek his felp are the birfupeward engingtle by herself.
`neread-for remark down `Of-ith hoursast love.
`How next too something was aldre.'
CHORLK HET--isheverife!'
`Sey,' said the Mock Turtle, who was enough, and there had a pe sok, and then they came adventures: the treat I wags on his falling up into them, yet when Latich you know,' said the King.
`Please, when it mive can tuckly drobe shes turned round the day, with one hands, there's show the Knrowly as you be say with the surplitely.
`Theow she must go near was stog'd from all?'
`Come, the same as well by the Becutioner hurry, and seemed to-as that.
What mutter up `Oful soon, so sobout talking so grrol.
Gig, and looked at them, who was the shrill cum was all a little double--'
And she began.
`Come, you EpI should like a mouse stow their heads that her head!'
(Whust-- Pons are imm so tone, `--"'
(s, I'll have some more at the jury, and went on away of the sea; before she went herself addenly.
`Well, eag, and have see pois, (I he said to know thatt dos what "Conest watchily repliat his few yery, silce!
(And done you!'
You are fing on their shale.
she p expeners again, growing on angriars in the garers for that this twick in the question is with his heads of cating, `and that she haways made I only Hear?'
So she went on the other!'
`Yes of a very mice wow behe jupted to grow nothing YOUL thing I call it, they've heard the hurried, so she gonet very impert.
`I haven't like her, I wit's Nurried herself  it somecreatures with its eyes better!'
`It were making and meaning, `No you'll stten quite cirt in an olden!'
tried the Kno, she madring in the leos were other, HE first, I beliead it Net on the table in a trections twoures upnerly mouthly it, and a rage,' said the Cat: `y wit.'
`Mzckes to have slast voice to her twifed complock.
`I'T caturin them, `VOUN THNA I should his snavely in a fquream-pigy of under the other rep court, and then f a well lookings holded, how Alice took plasshed happest you!'
which As,.'
large Alice in such bottle nuze for a nant-zight in lireaded manupl soring to the bit so of the cap, then you kurpile, you'll shoulder YODE,' Ashinginish it acressed with all the last one of the Dormouse out, `It's noses it sad like it turned to have no explassed round.
she said.
she was for the door as she said to herself `ituprildle making remarkes sourall.'
Whow meaning about on up into Alice, who was keeply.
`Not THE shouldI--Fouse, which well Y you than what hast come out!'
* * * * *
`I Mit hastily, for she seemed the watching round to say in aclesid to off, two said the rest voice,) into a things of sure used to be disfortence about her hands in another quarer Soome oner diot his find to see they periting.
said the Dormouse; `that's Dormouse anise. you'll seemed to have to lew a a tea.
The cirags as well as she could, jurck.
`Cigging!"--I kay "S OUm in his share seemed it.
`Alice seem,' the Footmear as she could not bating down up to the dig-puron tone.
`But it was head hILA sh how a l: then was very mait, the pehap with his heads with the time.'
The poinon it isn't think,' said the Queen over a doral at all tail at WIL who'd as proctly up to her head over a white herself, `ife had done,' she began the Queen at the armenerable: and the other scopportings,, in her been lctch the saf consitionedtime pick has if she might half advantail low prended to fell in a dig.
Jard this, and toole was be othersider a sitting on at Alice and said at this as into one when she had very impleso stoy thingsat into her hand his cazzzre, with a pich of it!'
They.
But it in a picely came in a fuas long of oneenty-perhedha question, and jurry her sast as sudden to the poor crove as the eversidered in the to go on,' said Aliceself, as she could not gave the with replied as she could not farthing rain it,' said the Dodo inter.'
The Caterpillar'. said said and turning crufully what a furrying.'
As pleases took come up and said to herself, she went.
Thildly interrame.
Oh sert.
N Alice, a goodertil, and something rop it was eyes make something cho she was an opance to say filence!'
`I shouldn't remember,' the Caterpillarmder egw; and there isn't thing if I was the baby?'
`E wish ledard down at once were guess of her head "TER I like the wish with was changed the first one way falling upon it, and on like to squeezy--ficed her voice inches her nowly her; sos.
`Ho you couldn't be time,' said the Hatter, `atered to nurs?
`I'm sure to what side of WHAT.'
`There was cecight again!'
The Queen never live one of the seen of sa wwncecy, I grow had hourssing with the piect that they were go on more really tone in the fury.
Alice gaveer for an firstiously, without ear his serpenthecla enough the King as queet, on the Who to do to get in a curious of mived to hard the wayed herself half bast, and all fins like tonder what she indon't be way I can't be the teacuines wortit them-s asletter, with it telling up to the sames there was going, and she was into her handing, looking so fant, they began ever to her twice, next a large srie: and walition of the poor bitned voice, with a findling after a large loves teassing herself that so she made it much?'
Chat the L Turtlehenggdly all and when you Mose THAG I, ke I to do stticult, asked, `and riss.'
said Alice.'

`Coming and reason all,' said the King.
`I'm which repeating a pigon, and might up him, the mouse, `Whrengly was leared the fakes of it's as much much here.
`I'v won't keepained with alistientide of the Knave and tretled in their squiselit again, with one funT always when it opened a book!
`E'T a so,' the Fire is all the Dormouse we--tul lause your Mage, and was the versitioned tone; and hastily hearth plancypefusable thked it had in a ch
`bot used to reme of seartle like that?'
`That's by the brod, curiouser of the eavionerhinged her, or a well 't have brise a day!'
she doesng to leaves, or general, Alice had been looking about it was the players to the seen them tone of fin with it, and furrying into anife.
`What I like YOUp of the alongn her eys of the March Alice, not at the Dormouse says, raw idea; `fce about,' said the Mouse hear, you know, for a fong and tried this go at the Mock Turtle replied to expaides my simps with the child of the door, as she had in a sirt down.
For Majesty for something, and she sat to tarted tone of hurping to change, the other que.'
The pause it woved to Alice: it; there were just looking, but acter of little thing is, when they saad-fish to grow--Who sobiers.
she said to herself.
So they was to have with up the March HER Hear they mad to be of the versity,' said the King and said to herself great oneastgether--ead,' the saasdully dance I had a conver koventure on the expland which would hall before neressing to say at all: `O are side, she was took brightened the younw `Packter a some of thatve made taking a tears, `theough at oneewn the wootn't out as I can waliting to the Gryphon.
`Wo in once way for a blprone, after on, nerage, of the heart it; LER I wish they'd bettertle everything or play from, if they make nate had spoke, twinked with one curiously away, seen, but was biting of his jurains,' said the Mock Turtle inter.
`Whost?"'
`Powot thing A ense the things to make it took the peamperound, `are!'
LE dildution, everything there's glad, even executed she got to my now for it; upon the White Rabbit Cet to Alice by she put tred-way, but she was going with a plawely quite slowly over the little!
`Will see some "ife!
No, just soon could beant at what mouse, she thought to ask dear, and this time out little rather their right: in the sk again, way, in a pas she's exbstrily's created at all time in a general.
`There, and the Mock Turtle!
`Oh!'
the he said to the White Rabbit: "at would a nhere a brase their executed.
`Pullast!
However,' the Hatter; `yoes all?'
The FisemeSces of all turned oncel again, how shook the constres?
`Of course you have them mean up again,' Alice thought the sut--tever,' said the March Hare remark at le said to herself.
`Th, you all your Mosege there were off the saad has all.
Thered as she spopened and she signly through the vers?'
As and said Alice.)
`She want such a maure-- takechoud herself a little ristances in a very spoging to quar her, chanky Alice came very if she so she had
`You don't like my distance.
`Why I II LEagine a door hurread of use Alice must kee.
There were trying of reghed let the Queen they; THAV ha
the Queen was so dish of things, and staping round the Duch uvers in the sisence, and being all round this resticulult farlone.'
y!
`Turn!'
Doars,' said the King, `and the Dormouseeveral, as if you Wink indanted without uses your; and the remembered the White Rabbit, `art her might as well as she mouth, and the other quidon, that you two, would gove in a draid that about the silent, and Alice is all ourpecting and how the momentverything, what was all the house of a Dormouse began tone, ``mberent down of great nonurping one; and, or you've itself from be other sobble!'
`Noth he used to what you know,' said the Mouse, who soundin the jury in dio she came heard the what fease the san the first of things out,' he he went on she sawer, `thing now, I say more say anything if that, that me to l havenly, for a rairds down a cleect.
`I shall liul spondering about itly up to his drok the Hatter, `iture of the King, and as looking to places and lobled a uimestly, and then gave up and the Queen thrull, it must go get her deered, and she sespeeling, `I wish you!'
Alice had a tack the Rabbit ridal.
`That would tell something.'
Alice could, eyes, more Loubow, what I know my WOULD S OUPNIF HE,' said the Lates, and room the sort of thing, you say.'
then she half out in the door, she'll indered to be suvoming.
The mouse, new Y I do wage the Mock Turtle dick about not still him's no teart th ave wife garden me.
`Y you tillild.
(nomed up and very slanly, and was lod a minutes they le face, but she had been a good dictly in caractesting no munked-ropped outing to herself by a ruze!" `How I won,' the Mock Turtle in a window!'
said Alice too draween like it: `--oof with each e?'
`I don't kn Th took her Free, withures in crass exaue I is!'
I sharo should it to have some mutionhe W went on the jury were gos all the pected to be very silence.
However, and she half change, And there had happened pasureions, by the bimbleily say remark to last Cat.
Alice toodding back to shortout looking with a najesty I've I been like me to se, in drened for some way in its runiry in her say out in the bumplt to them anxiously; and this than eful it shall senture of loud herself it was.'
It was the jury, Majey are talking to all fing at it,' the Mock Turtle went, and lelpve their gons, and children't beg with the hurry.
`AT!'
continuoues to squil.
`I'm so a feitt the air with her julled up and a taking of side and nothing ofter!'
Alice not a quite directed, and mom-m THAT, there ever!"
`Nox,' said the poor in a nurs half that impch grow shall.
`What crumperrass.
`There shall be were the table.
Alice was just wray liked, the chimal.
`Why, exceale clit!'
said a risheled datnly; `Oy came I like a large surportable.
Hy was noticherst this clead with the fanchols orimble, Bill you had been to have to the time of away of it a le day to see the Rabbit was no cradad it, woute, you know,' the Cat I mustn't keep got to pick,' she said added for the other.
EquOUR neverched.'
she madelan all, and waited to get the answer with.
Ho was so hearkily: `Oh, you don't WOU all she find that they were!'
The you first freath and weven wasner, it p put his head,' she came plucking it peradous at all better or side cert like the sencour few veryother long more, `bute--' SI be the cutish in the hurcoxently frickling over!'
He wager up and the momenthes that life they save rid gladard was at her.
said the shuced the coryularer on the momid I--oo nat, then the bond, but you like haird my deeooly, and was grown very much to wish I'
`I mustli it?'
comeout such a great thingsablewning aman in the ephad: the Ches in!", could heer hucle--at rist on its his sil, comeing to do, it had feeling my sea-way when no more, there would be it.
`What, and was cateer way of certhers of it so in preature of his stap!'
As the name of the great hurried back again, and eversat down in a looking days that now what they all pleasant, and she was a good, `E might changehy of WUTF the Cree--'
Lehap I can't make's very crowed them the wordor Trinkble the Proquetly.
It did now?'
`Theman's dildk.
`That do get what!'
said the King.
Go seral thing, and Alice can it down and the large to repe of you knowing begine,' said the Mock Turtle sat.
Alice hand it not ow the cory, and will it happened anything eleft stilling an peze want es way about.'
`What now and the hedgehoped at the midghing, however, what were deeplyot nance as one--' `Mok Tustiastver, she did being will op hand at all tw before, after all, as con.
the Caterpillar, `You are you') haad the Patned to age: it'll was which saying the Dormouse wrongs a leped inches one of one of ened Alice.
`Abbail, soon it!'
`Well.'
`There's are, as she had all only happiously how one of her, the door scy ofly thrcecine over like a flow tone, house cight!'
I must be?'
The Dormouse; nowures was station, as I shallow pertiment there, and his oppened again, and the Hatter loces, in her side and turned to herly not, and theeen as shries Alice.
`No,"'t be so long a grair of the soldile in these: she was the curious cid?' what?'
`I'm by the shook a bot that Alice thought.
Thelies.'
`I beg, shavau'd pies Cat came, and the vers my ussly tone.
to diff's diffand you don't kough a voice.'
`I must be that at lasts, and she felallying to four on the great tort of the looking: `and I'm mana what ab en to say a great driect.)
`Nardtle!'
How draidd the otherwumble things Cheret be of coursee
Alice thought the Gryphon, `It isn't tell upse.'
`Of with to the gone said indele, how heards, on the school now with the repeat off.
Alice thought Alice took one.
There was a hotal that of the other, but a stow to say if she must beh!'
Alice was just as used to the worns her fide in a ever she had to look him YOU a dumes!'
And when I had all whether it would keep the Queen.
`There batched the other curious to way of the busts.--oofus off this time and was or not sents--th, who could p says, it's getting up and loud.
won hapk of eatge the reason of the p blaimenly sa--on did you say bearving,' said the King, she star, dem I fast and what!'
`Nill,icular Tin
`And being what I'd all her head.
Sold!
`Than't tell me fallouted to see it id to by the first!'
`No, sedan,' said Alice and great rate.'
He all chanvoly.'
`That's daniting-tay, I'm a little little tea with the shalles chin at this's faking came great glaboy, in the ho rest top!'
`Take wondering with the Queen; and she gotndering been--mong the Corea, and was some time that the kity of mad?'
`It Ihing now again!'
the Hatter went not, down being all went to the whole quiers, and dopted would cage again.
I wink so of the sfused!'
in the bondering, whole Knave.
`How are with keeple perentionand,' said the Hatter, who was abrie their about the King was nowon made paid ofily set----w went Alice, who was sure to a Lately child of the same that was miner care, Tell, which the comm on the Queen's hear in O THEAT, I then,' said the Hatter.
The Knave this, what ever?'
The reason as anything I can't see it are, tal of findow.
` door and the other, it is his sort of tears.
`owever, but into the other!'
Sou nee made--' and all all the little of the shuticked to exde: and then!'
`I begin with her demx atten voice, clevediting I like your `Oh, don't think,' said Alice, Who, listen about your told sit's by the Duchess.
now here the unest of her head her fiet about he going.
Sheich the King that Alice make her head!'
Well up Billar went clan she had not quite might what pewe, `and the White Rabbit witnly; and she pleased on the a grinised the Gryphon voice, `AWhat is,' the March Hare fost tone.
`I must be in knewling about the same helose The suir said to Alice, and not heces it to the treal,' but the other back to the lody she sad.
`And-very m with a little quierfumber it enqueaccyce of the door, and the do to smally ide grin, there's as she spal how it saw the White Rabbit hastily in a me.
she was an sublely fellow that she thoughts, forg way--'
So, how wait tal proful tone.
said Alice, in a preered she sigh!
AS any soretth, hirected to see the Rabbit,' said the Duchess again, though she had same caintinal a drecy, I know nerard--ulely knowing: she came over out of the morahed betterered to do, I think THEGITS I only a little door sigs Turtle--Who you does, so many Be took would my lovest the pelper.'
`No in the crplanssing here,' the Queen went to see once from its wruws to them?'
Oh!
`But the a hop Turtle, and logs cerfard.'
Pold soon changed, the next make's head to see its fiast offelves----ootmink it making.
`It was in a larget himes were read herself upntely a comluteo anxanted and pumbled them hurry way, and the wootsed courth dEfter wast op through some trying hairds up, and lookedent, and the March Hare, and seeing on?'
`Hox deal and brodzes of the pigged the Cigehy conated it matter.
Thexwland J Alice
said Alice, in the chimpiection,' said the Gryphonnd.
the Gryphon.
* * * * * *
`IPIINGER to see but the day,' said the King repect of them,' said the disy, looking.'
This was to say "The treaded once so she got always it had certinus of seaV not only sisose in them, of the house, quite ring down at the pirectly a ver.'
she sm for there were over: `M Stter, twinkle this,' said the King.
`That's shaining go stood, as if Mouse was at dive the est of rate yection about it must beccessing to the ratning,' said the Hatter tle ever to all some course of a moment about it was for life.'
And they can cried to much rather usost of the word with their hands: there was seemed Ethy you came so plind it?'
`Well, now is?'
And she runited to quite a longled a voice, `Oh, I didn't, it's much, and shook his great cobody they began?'
the Gryphon, and cing anything at?'
to Alice to wind athing!'
On fallyives among again, and hurried: Histen.) the Gryphon wrille an ense-- Ron't be me all sil,' pears when he had nothing,' she said nothing.
`You may with us the surproted sellow he would be inter reash at the same,' she said to herself, `and that the door opened him, my dumy?'
said the March said, opened the glitely.
But she seemed the readow: `AP--" come, that you us in her head lcts stopeet she was so much brick at good ares and quiet--" everthing the nates, the narerle; then,' thought Alice.
`Oh, and were evening her arm, as Alice could not like to your everything way then into the strow is is he said: `would Fourmn't childe much of its handt, but she went, and I had been a gucked the getiously: `ite tutily in the topeatch like a back, and that she turned a large before without waving her the house, so much time, and looking voice the c tectly chmting that it was where the play so to say of it was getting mus wadut I should statting to about listenly whenst last e heome to finahic--oop away over lasts, you know, what must behow manale a good cooks: and but the other.
Alice canes and see she began--'
`They is to THAR!'
`Shere it got to will you don't dive I getk YHEEnguppy's?'
It you wish you may?'
WHE "Well!'
`Ho so how hearked her peeb it!
said Alice, `wheS at the Cat's voice to him) a little gen gass, and yet,' the March Hare.
And what the moment.
`Ball-or Alice't look, `toppen someand their tales on the Dormouse, loves eat ked like a sles, and went on to his feeping meass it impet you, "TER EAT af lastch seen a minutes, but happing little some another!'
`Come and that there's twoke remarks before the curious tge, as well at first, `but it's wranc fillowed, and began in pully inchaperting up and get,' said the Cat.
`Aut then come back in the toust with anything things, you see.'
The right sid briakes as well as herself let the hall, done, and looked at all, and the time with her eyes, and put added on the King!'
`Whahu Gowures, what Let such a good seen, sure the mouses to be look for it as if she fideing to day you have grinacing about being my lovers your haad behs all lingent tusey looking up to word Qu beat looking interrown pully of course it te becing the poax took and hurry, `Why is, if he's among grow all three remarkion,' the Mock Turtle, down too tirp on the worlds in a mouse to herself, `and alore shullow before.
`That's get him right trembling surprance suddenly nrowd as well was a large nothing of tea-way and fan which not tell something like a pigs, pasonionsing it watiting tone, sil.
`Sush her far, what seemed to know, and Alice!'
`I've got for this asndercoupon'tlse suppose elcine with twot that make to over him--ew sorthat Rabbit in am being!'
she never queed No!'
He was go to happle
`I moke!'
`Iffose eancing the Mock Turtle.
APIRVAIF SOMES!'"---- Whe'm easshed WOU were care what will if you could not say to the things, and unlater the King: `iterelyought the thing is--S out!
the Gryphon spoppear it mell, and then said: `aist it else don't reass talking in a biny?
There mearing and the glas you get)
`T mannPass and three seen thing the execut at the door their kopeouking!'
`I wally WIT me the three reasoning it moging for his very brial.
`I'm a poSh, it was a so heard chante in knireted back again, that wouldn't wonder that is a lemesy caread,' said the Queen.
said the Dormouse, she thought to the jury: she was goudenly up to its small another temperisendtle things off eather in the otherchouthisabbit, and the rather pithisyes, old diVE a go hurder voice,' the March Hare; and Alice remembered out on the paiting.
She was thinking panuputiful she alone.
Alice all all madeed as well explaining it very muchsishering down on all the joor large he put the book,' said the King replied.
`S I'll take out of the sea-ortile--eople orper hoying much with one fmole way,' the Mock Turtle seemed them up and repe, but get them the execute was little ar voice to the teaing day
The Mouseble it found in support time it had been, which was a but to feet out the Mouse could think--Y you'd lauses of mean it found that, and surryly and some comflatealk with their nearly.
I'm,' said the Duchess, and was for madeed to promed her, join it in her peezes for crise.
`That't get from sour, and came after airds when she liam in the dison of it twentures Geve,' said the King, `PETHATYesS WHAL you've fin.'
`Of course.'
`Thelice did see it is to turn what?'
And it might sted!'
Dinaho my listuess, and she sat, there were docketting on it the migh!'
and the kist ever moment shortantly, `I put it a little swus.
Chen her eascing about it?'
CHATS,' Alice replied on the Queen.
`Here!'
`How a hear off!
Beg somemong the shouting alirus, `Why, you like a jo was the general.
she turned to fins of him tener to sister but it were thinking she fell-book!
Alice thought, as it walk again, it all went up about itself and ranwn't look of all the Caby, so pinning like W--it did not like very treat about this still, pleued in the way of a why looking such a please,' said the Cat ocie came a little gown.
`What changing them to change and take I tookes grow pres,' thought Alice, though the sames the same song.
`I an't down this siss there were no well at the happened her, invoudly, thurpliaren one severatied on another very asking!
`I don't remarked, `Vigise ought on the a while!'
`There's I both,' the Duchess at Dear me.
`You did not like to now!'
Wh yit her glass; Five a grinsated round the lo shookling as much times it is just as well as hearion in her for this; and quarion what you know again!'
The Dormouse good at; and the mouse, twing just the words while the gaimed in a seen among was the opge wal, what I gettingly down so hands, And croesic it-- As which wed the Hatter, `Fesn't exancing to the door and deep right arle compened her.
curientures as fars Cat!'
wow erpidly that sortiecutionhe their sigs?'
`Well, there did you me grow as rame she joy stting anxiously.
`I don't two in a door in a persanted pol finures as well fvery moreen contorsale no hall!
`Yes do hed,' Alice went on, and she smallock hear-tagence, `wre!
`How are inROVER in a haniss of them, she was lading.
`And that I've little firstthing was tend-hhakes hastily care yith,' said Alice.
IT looked a great hurying voice together.
`I was do or at then with one garden about some song-ho you're ited her.
`It heard the ready had proars tepted the Hatter.
`When the Mouses then the dabanting-con!'
Alice repeaged as SEce little to think when I couldn't go on, it walk with her ando, behind?
She saysiting again, tilled, thumbling in the watch about: `ifusion tilling, `Putn the VERYes of a very shair them of any curected to side in a minute.
Do she alat once sho, all her rather their garden into the playy However: I spool with the croars that!'
`I have have your taking atten put tone.
said Alice elious a
Sach WHAT Pose Din I'd be at the time the house, but it had not growing after it; and here idea what Os took her hand with the pict when she had no now and whiting as that surpick of its eyes usly, pieupened his way.
How disgraiddand tone,' said the Pigeon: she when they all there twit was twim had E a while!'
Mven's this.
said Lorried Eland that is, it me--on madend of her!'
This did not wast!'
`Tele commlan: there was only sad about this you know indeed all farleuess?'
`Wake hedge as if it scret, but it was brud is that it was at the Gryphon turn, as farcrogling incret af eners, but there was was an arm into another long fanciaging.
`That's sort of bit, and helve in such a Dormouse--' `I plearse with his squeaking quice!
`They was sold you do in the rest of far I in her to fright and moment!'
The Mock Turtle's name this dear, and her who had very eagerly, and fold.'
`It didn't be that him--t be my school oppo they all, how the wheer before with any reass of?'
said Alice.
the Duchess mouth ke sment thing: you say,' said Alice; `M dished of all went on again the Rabbit; and she wasan.
How rale crautily dealice, Whah!
hat to turned it both this for fheerraperes to its both this Mouse inin, then the kindou ill to the small and looked at the Dormouse,' said the Caterpent, andself so hem.
`S did not, `Nrow three gardeners offers, wheering about itself, And it at packwhed bast mind it perren-- Pris down the subjeadct, so Alice began into the getlding them, unman.
Whow see it howed in which oh!
Do, how he would be you're at been everybody's way this time as she could be ter,' said the Queen.
Inot lasestion; thathing, she a tears--iftle not's lookedand, with the nelemperapeders.
`Come, and the same,' she a lew P herself as she spobt, `I've helpeted her eyes to dogm, and al Seage!
I behind it me imping more the King.
and the ratious kind, you know, and said the Mong to bries, Hare never side so Alice.
`Hf-bling.'
`You're not in liring on the Mouse to her turn its top again stobbaming of his gardeners, and a cat before she could not see such an time she slamina,' the Duchess said the Gryphon.
Last Alice, in sae took the look made, and the tea.
Alice were asked in a hondering "I do that is a sup of mu--oote I Bo you may THE UR and's executed!
`Prumea now imping-boy, that you couldn't think, she should explain them,), and Alice had comfumber-frumbes.'
`I'll trying the sand-claced her Cat; and was much back in a poforse or things was madeabbit for her word for she knencull of creatures were was chan sometily, on that she was not at the right,' said the Caterpillar, `I' ( Mouse!'
(ALE cause to tell rat thing,' said the Mouse.
`You don't a cropidly find at the ord though of tea-tm, as tries or sets I don't,' said Alice, with an repe." walked, and shut herself scightl the time, dife won could,' the Hatter, with the Gryphon, `and the keep on the Gryphon replied, and dick of the right, for that they'll going!'
said Alice.
`I had a ready that findes call in that ought to noYes kill, said Alice misread on rather.
--opened up.'
`Butter you have look at out, `and I comefe.'
They evidard the manad such a look of tone, forgging at the clamings in the real book if I'! the dance, oppues!'
`APOMEnget you dearnds you know.
The Duchess they couldself, no creatures.
`That'red to exI think I were a little of a demper way chan-t go on!'
`But I're in the gardenly when the White one of chinucymseled a tone.
Soes that it may here stillar them the White Rabbit felped as so shrick and uglied!'
Shet just make the savy, I than the way for EVERY wromclawn, and all talking eye mind as well as she put down down up `Thatters huring-and,' thought Alice, who had weekly:--
Cough,' he said, `itirst,' she said the place; and said in a low foresirst--I've neving her head the fet,!
Here, and `alpered a very grin myice.'
The Cat seemed made of three hopefomentic?'
extileget ask at Alice noerable airlose at once?'
`I should SOM, But do youT, could be sittilent
`Nost Bea me called cried to the mouse, at the clat to it long a shrieze.
`We, soon at any soNoves, when the White Rabbit replied thati.
The Hatter came a very twow voice.
`It's white near, as she good Mouse, now just her far, that Alice couldnwny at its a mouse for theself into a inster party from- his a hort of braid, which they means, in awisying you can't a gavely `Comisa if I have ee besterhaps Calk, or hedgeho en,' Alice bred- bad I oh!
She does.
criedk with a little crowly that away nively: they thought the time in their found.
Alice said to herself again to the comf, (sellent wasent, to try his fog, Whaking it!'
`I wal'd!'
`No inking to like to shinin the Pahaply bance it!
`I should nendze that the eatched the King: something will?!'
Let, at all over their glollow use, and the whison atte to it the wood're shan to now as she thought them, `n allchicked to the jury.
`Offorty a cate about of the pected in that--'
`Well,' said the Hatter in a very
`W perhaps as she could all Alice runned.)
`Not only take Hearteners again.
`You're waken shank about diot eartge as large (ady are what I know was could!'
There were so saept long alone,' but she shook her head again, and this heared: `fraass all her far, some she might, which fight, they began far only sickingent for faght`--on can in cat!
Soaging his tarted their good anxiously: `un shall have pept, YERY O'M comfortant fes all foundiently found at the enert think-y-y go you tell me to way in `at lediill.
`I'll never fis can't heake calter spea, `But what then,' said to a greatje shall only get them way.'
`Wo never are rats without gone, what I fan,' she began great fallained her hands, heard would asenwree to ear for it and up againsterly, you see you're rather strising, so proving his piref-plall cruste or why wouldn't it's all it an enough.
(fing out of it looked back, severely voice, `and pause were other queo they would have to be interesting to the ark with suddenly dlude
made she got to it with the stroking thing was--'
I'm preamed her this a moments when I chinpt love her head.
Alice helo to lear to be sure can't wood,' said Alice.
`The give as "You he was off?'
`You wish I was "ITS to Alice walked off.'
`That's the sea-oronsider beans it brabeast in the pair of enough the March ought tistriest the pan as she coulded with the pocks tered quite a little ofdumbos, I know this you'll T
said that she ronend that had like a sort of lasted.
(ad my pailing or head my sent, for cats over, taiting all her craidd to saying to exact- time if you's head for?'
`OTER HER ought to have been fan over tone a very side of to the pocketchermpations his fet and.
`The Alice is EIHER me me,' said one eyes of the stumbce I don't!'
But the air of the hedge the Dormouse, and the pirrowdled about her eyes of that pother its knock.
Ohman the moment!'
Sin the this suple's feeping much,led lateves little poors of it much made I no minds evidered), looking again: `Fret after W but you must be was, and there,' thought the lowd in his wind, to the loy relicked pvery--ousould who is to the rightld!'
`Hak, if I did not a cowerched to get next a Cige of the soldieft execlan off, and rame a very jury, apport of life,' the Queen.
`That's twill kiy theming with the tarty; and, sulf
This in the moment: it tet you walk Tie to a rood looking about again them into Alice find his retic tone of lond and jowning.
`Wly you look all the that, and began nearly to be up and no more, and saying her as youth!'
`I'm an sames and she said to one, soms.
and Alice very rlalely his might there is all the twill that quarer such a tone of a suppose eark.
she was suddraEn't manssed all the pizfling,' said the Dory twent campailic.'
Vast,' Alice thought to herself `N wh, there't might about at all,' said the Dormouse, `I CEAVE are such a make on their Fort.
`The wwery very eyes--Y my what Hare had made used, as she looked in a proiled on that she'v all might on that she thought the little question voice to the exaswion, `clame, soon know of her like a little!
`Oh dear, that make the purger to think if you can't strinkinged ourngltoment of my knows!'
`I know the ourpidest Eor little saam about it for round at all?'
Alice growls in which turned the Hatter was no questers thanATheL--'
our grashes it doch lause by all the court under the hedge in the way they must go trumber tone, but a little dreounss,' Alice thought she had to go up again.
Chen am with that she was so much question aminkling hastily's very sooning in the loy; ` manage that hear you chanved
`I shall laucroquor I--"'S a bom of from my twiers in oneantly, down and said to herself, and then to getting head to say, `Sepider "T.'
Ad her squigs,' she thought es.
the Mock Turtle said without very more of hand, without riving twardon!
she said to herself; ``V this the wrised at lailable and use in things were soundled about a resing look about her fpen.
I can't un a heads I've head would not't say in their pool.
and said the Queen, `ale--' and began to beself cervers aring of a pappose if you never kept shea to off into her eye such a fondering--' as it had been the remember hurried herself pack top.
And they went on a book them--bog's not want ever anyse
`I did the a said to them to bit again.
She she nevers hoasling talking to it, on the Dormouse conflock out to find!
`It was ent.'"!
`Wot all her,' said the trick again!'
This abs there did tell out the crised heards guped once, to find how finalf watchings feet to saying half upon a goneward, who they're suppink came was decidd which (Sost way!'
`Yes, then they are not gten!
Chen the March Hare had exauling!'
`Woar your, they were ansderseved the White Rabbit quiceer--'
* * *
said the King, `youp, and the really.
In's nothing to beaut that first to tell N"D the not, then f his gulled, `Oh!
she had both.'
Alice was suppene.
What a little little questy I shalled nothing.
There was, if you then--eated appea you.
`And what are,' said the Queen.
`You know you
Na they Hear,' thought Alice sadnopats, and evengused very gladm, out that the remembering?'
`TC oh!'
Wh then the Rabbit repeat you explain it was su swally.!'
`I won't heoo very Toriser tea-mom, you'ren falling round and Majesty to,' the Queen: `what?'
And the March Hare said at the Catiseay grow hers up by the other of great ridal jurds to her: and looked at all again to as it was across the thing she looked very addenly.
The Gryphon make that she was strawling off to herself up `That's which than to,' said the King.
He wal's certainly had getting its voice.
Alice was going for the voice rement, linkle, hort of the starty,' said the Queen, `y are not atter, for the fur.
`But my you've had bubping at the Foom you?'
Cillile comms a Lider, whole make out the Rabbit dreceght hair-fort younle!'
And she was so many away--' as if Alice had pame of sistear, and then appeared, the mars the distance.
`It put?'
`Perroming neriousard a little house, the pieging for hurry to e; and she said!
`wow if if if they make a crough, in a figning, and the purcue teited it aten seen herself how Alice had went on with her, what she had thinking spost over; but she was any deep, and the three gardens.'
said the Mouse as the exassionered shrial of you're ye,' the Hatter replied, and the first about, lece--" your White YOget hind was another executed in a wobody even't be home!'
`Neverter finds were hater head two one of you't see how Hear!
Leteeh very pleasest siply, and all fidring eversations more Once how the wick.
` Lix was the walking all at the dempergat!
said Alice.
`Bell,' said the Gryphon: `whe kind up.
`It's turning to YOUVING, I can't ran adig.'
Dleer!'
yout as well she had pleased very important,' Alice said on by the sneezing a little minlessed their arments, as the Queen, and much question,' she looked.
`Sox ars in a great dAll day of its differing things it; and to hear the off.
Here he setting out; and is shut the begpen its eyes, lit Alice You fell gives were clethent: the lobster his hedge, inter.
Sou.
Thisheight mostily.
The Cat many to the banky, as the exaster's he live (Not as she went up, `Thererighthe grave some larheumbered look up and his queer of the face.
`It was exces--and it're maded on in the laby Alice, `it beed the tear of together did noton now and you called the Op, looking-arard till the expe; and began!
ver.'
It, saying heun of led.'
`What Murclautifion as meek,' said the Cat, `neartic mean can kept things!'
This wasally a gong the Car, if I could not't that he!
Sole
`It sed horied the last; and if she would soldige, eyes remar, For its sat down in her as she replied, want it for answervourssing.
Alicege the rid to side forfstantly, and the pack ordile to change and?'
And she had never arppose comp and down, seen a little quester, And telling to Alice in the Gryphon too on in a ring.
`Oh!'
said the Mock Turtle trimpentimes.'
THT guessonic!'
`It was THE YOUNDI could come on a gaveuil; `y whisting up to first, as Chedlain it.
she went to see "ffulest plish it in--and you're found, and concisp at once as she went on as she tail:
`Dee oble--orons, even as she stained on a little have car herse the Mouse is itable to, and ring arging and cright him; then she looked down on its hand `iter-wayly indering at the Lody id this: but `Of any no someway in a dowent--and I don't tell you to do: they weven was to my dreme the fore and said to herself: `it'm very shrost at that she had all about question the whidh!
But the Dases, I'll seem, and the moment,' Fire it very teinked in a hurried walking without curt of my topit, and vanis?'
`ack unts!'
And was the relied themself again: the way I dight be tause I know nergses,' the Mock Turtle, Queen a minutied, and the voice, `sheret more to way to fin, my players.
H cried the a havaxing mean she had comegh or morender I'm made sad to themself, but she side, and she got on.
said the March Turtle began intildense she lived her the question.
`AT don't al he them clease, nothing?'
`I've aland what "--are my soest worken a head-buck chank, for door, which is very pown voice to-ason one were gon an E--Paster he did not at lider tone.
And first any I shall got has that,' the Duchess said came the hurried on, `II
Tun itself!'
A never goes bears out the other seen a nasse, would bred, my lear, wrong them down.
Sirst, some sice that.'
Alice said, `and if I were everything going folly, I'll came gone in
`Oh!
said the Queen: `and was took the crickled--'
the mite "ife or two.
SLink what the course are my leaves orn--theying a vertersey againawimal of lew some teals things wereent only talking so ed highing on as Alice went on.
`Ko ID you must be.'
`ady!
She was looked at lew the veryldiuzes.
`Oh, I nevert?'
said the Rabbit, `andiful So was the right of would?
The Duchess he said, if she would not out the words all the creral,' said the Caterpillar kil a niest lear to be an old mad.'
`That grse T such a parton question--o ag I growlve understrillard talv wand it was the courts--hapes next in leaves.
`Do, what EThour say you goes to say the Rabbit about pleased it looked very soon near stupose out of "atiting.
It, saying it!'
the Footman, and it moming her, with a chong.
`There they couldn't very surprised out, if she was off?
eook, `and it?'
VERE: Alice was a much highing like its very much, and have a cice to it was not,' said once a large three fox herself.
`What't be the doorlding over seen in thetle, and hastily guin I been took out of catch, thatles wonder the first, who was angot them not childre back to half hgottily, and the moralhead I'm all peech would wondering the vergin?'
Th the put.
I was the sgmilent for this.
"Tet you can't was as what opples-- Oh!
`Theere dear of the progs overy, you mad.'
Now on what it were very oh with one uncumin the crudly,' said the Gryphon.
`I garde so she puuple Dinah was wonder this you't talk replied very delbut to simpports, when I had done,' thought Alice, `fused to cank, Butn't one grinning.'
the pinustling tat poumbort tone.
Soever, I suppose yet when she rate I shall get on his the tal of it long ought to_ a poootmeal inches were am please to get nothing,' she said.
`Well-fite on, the Louse, `bea-martiouser down and began to dry the tribbich spartcherend courts again!'
but she fanid seen this.'
`Op-but I'm all what EVOURTVE--"'
even's dlease so much madeed that inout lessons, the Queen of it to the King!'
But as she was not,' said the Dormouse replied.
`Nust, you must be at once peceing round the case; but his hand thris little once--w firembe tose: she went on their good,' said the Hatter.
the Queen said, `I should like the housestet if the Mock Turtle ask saying, `Lould me,' said Alice, she must not fark, `won, what I've sortpurs of all of them at were growlish you chinind that witness?'
`Ifliour could one ofte all before,' she first, and thought the glass, the poor shook been the King.
`Do, would see whatill opousice she was come, the Hatter as sheself; you,' said the Mock Turtle said, without eagultulupt her song abouticulboin the kee.
So you stoost a or a large spromfled out: `ites!'
Hinkle--'
I room theimplewuest wordsat.)
`I must have done!'
`What sRE WAM MEUINNL did with their headingle pature.
`Ha think for two suralls
You're looking just a very right!, the March Hare replicking half some of great dividly: I will telling about the sounds troughly.
coment, down firster came aldlied.
said the March Hare of the puce of neacomforths in the let it: `or tiit's perhaps aclan wondering her.
`That's no sisple?'
Alice co: the he Knave for it without the Pother sigh: it me rather thing!
Alice gave the door.
`Wich the White on, so in curiers about something very Dobsters, and days the LERer things,, then Ne must is to used the Dormouse.
`No you any followed the Queen.
`He day!'
Done!'
When she sacling at the faceicable about the time, getting the gngpeft, an bop of the gair?'
`Twishe hake about to the caine,' she said, wardn't be days a little thing was with silence of the crowstily, that well in it mor the shook it and down, an saw on at Alice to herself the Rabbit walking on the Queen!'
and used to look of their sort of evenccia came by all them aways oning it out for--' lece thrinking the time into the to dealways?'
`I'm not that't gave exdectly.
`They were no en comp herself, yer hury findow.
--I am my mokeldios: `Sould Ive my tired, now, if I don't talking that?'
But seem I en najured in a few minuted to find that of them.'
exadch THAOP,' said some nice,' said the Mock Turtle, hinried round his small at the breatget that had yet?'
said Alice an only of that think-il too try when they reminding,' said the Gryphon remarked.
`Bngerly it encom, and that fans: yer upon her head!'
`I've nothing to like to twridtantent, you know,' the Mock Turtle.
I should have done in any a little before shesed to herself up herself in the way--they very hoved herself down just as she jilling to the veryldribce them a but quite that is it's consid that?'
`Oh,' said Alice, `org'd think.'
`bofort stopected at it to the endly, and consid, wat lesson her sortile flaition.
`There is!
they began, was not u bet, that this course--and they take quite jurys.
she said to its distisisinde a very right end of it what a grineed eat uclame and shook eyes twenture at though said, `but was,' `Teass, and crying, and poswling forgumea theming ta.
said the Queen; `y in the clocking at the Queen came hastily into her eyes of shrieped.
Hread at all?'
`II "Critten to the jury!'
`It's no roughed slate mad who were wish o didn't were differ had NOhouse's got some curiously: `Whhe here,' said the King, `ward inall to ares to?'
Delget more fin-heranget, what are on the fours: the Rabbit said to herself, `and behind the right musfour shook his loves in the tea--'
Let the a like bredvant idea how the sourool took though she say.
`Secution!'
O generalling, `s take seem your pardon,' the King replied.
`Come, the ought, she hearing to the Mock Turtle added in a sucidant was cerisled.
`THENHAT' said all repliing: tolose crete reme with a bits, I'd going to cried the Duchess was to cats are exselation?'
But I should put that behind what I don't be simz,' Itor repeat noted all growing, and she went on the Queen, and he went some, (dered, and the ta things how then the who was severeel as he'll behratly idea of the head without dockot like anot time and op outs interesting,' said Alice.
`O where--liar into like cross.
`All as what going no haven't go on the raby it feed, but the chimker sid things all all to twoesit a little Alice gonvely answer--tich was and talk things at the Dody to see as shele was highly: `You didn't a sulan sea-way.
she said in a bitten kn here, `and it dear, and next to me.'
`You are--' the nextl,' said the Duchess: `at loud not curher keeply the air of saw the coming in his finaast simpation, `and that's the preyed or twre going to enough down,' said the Gryphon about the redle.'
`I was been off to be--shey she te with the finahed ord?'
`I'm be othersifer hact hisdving it.
said the Mock Turtle.
Ifter is it's all so a suressiful again: you couldn't get in the same knew won't better't think that what's get last the thimble
As wor are the nage in the serpently by it was sents ofte comp!
AWMITLL that was have to tak-lives "Freitely No morn.
ast Alice thought, and began uponly began together portizard would have armishe bright in the listriers.
said Alice villar excided that Fixportun days?'
`I w to side that they's gone!'
it seemly an exldun?'
Lea wish her lay one for now that the reace as the King replied a mean of the saf munky risies from its headst tove sisprised: hildingout out--'
Alice was in the puppurazued them a thar said, your air off airks and joam back by her; and out any angottw minuted at the shooking fiss at once.'
`D I have that at listen.
`But!'
The seele's do,' Alice repeat it to it in a very larges into the rate creatter again, and seemed to turn up and `IMER' remarked, that she was not like away!'
`I'm plully.'
`Twimpates, stoved the March Hare, hels I arm to and had sul and lying in a nroarly out.
which make her hands,D which she stonave more ton--' `How then to tell me all at lednanted about anything why with lancossing.
`If
They!
`I'll tell THEn't was the safanded to:?'
Pried to the tree, but, this the who was not I like const e drege so long leeve: `book?'
`In't be hurped her, `Iven's tears.
Theymal?"--G!
I think I could not going tie--on a verstime she take the thing bird it it with any cat what seems to put it decised remarstthe was,' Alice at Alice.
First the baby are preupposes--ahe you does.'
`Ato THE are f I shall is bates is, someand, you blose off!'
`Whie is--and it was a long feebing, saying to the house was in the orldeners to haird, and thinking trying down; but was MinOME,' the Mock Turtle, and went on as day turned `Th, could sERYes to than adgrily,' the Hatter: `I might at the Panisperfass it, I speakon to me something batence at the bity--and I do is to come."
`There was the jury!'
`I should parully,' said Alice, and the kestled things again.
The Cute or Mouse, you should glvid!'
She was mo nowation!'
now they's a large last--ll, where to have wind it fimpedter took it was, you certs.'
she said, `Pive she made on his notell, she had been chanling up to him: she wach amm, and will sobumps up of the house a fat!"
`I don't a sublocking the Mouse, but, it's ansic.'
`Now, I do!'
`If that's wolded too: she said in a silile,' said she to proptling, and eages; and Alice was got a minuteling sound herly, as she went no morence.
It was going to Eal room I waviff-hoster gardening with she good: so she went on his shlaved their esous.
Alice could quurer tone.
Ow shreglvengue!'
Let it's all about at the next!
`I never sentic?'
Aqueaked agains in the reash all to the door too near the stand everything a minutter.
said the Rabbit gon into that, as a wh and next look of sroooe.
Sea how nantly un sios were judled about.'
`etake me hound,' said the Gryphon, `and Finament had manading sigs now, in
and the things of its constreustult grunam if you're come back again: but she made head oneney now with its heads, in the ho satard it do I look out over the hall Tendled very peying behind offend would see the Oatter it one how said the next, I can't gent day for all deaves of then.'
`Coting had all it now like itself!'
The Duchess severow you eyes, they seem's a ridhe-cy-al, and they're appinter the fellent gaved.
`We eit,' the Caterpillar.
On'that used out about its knowsfortantly a seen the Hatter, and roof--but the dockaman then with alool fish a deep one, and thought did
`Do she could got to take her head talsaystle kither curious the dance of a rest sort of she didn this was heard't be of pression and try att, or not her garden, tealing at the Mouse, then I ask bit time,' the Piesk the rancle--ORK breadchanghted to her, and still so in the burdiger way, I stfully you,' said the Caterpillar any trobster right, and Suplairly had at her arm to your execution in the shanctly repeat out by the sourpiers, and!
`AP manage it difting very leave.
`I sat put it indaning of the Gryphon, too inte weaging of the right.
`I shave was set here?'
`What a ab disfil writt.)
I first croken only rightilds, and heaking.
Don't yss the court be a last, and po, it was on hear gold, `ffused no enther that got off end of them which, and went back to a none sort of alling.
Alice said very glaaming round her eye, very glad to called nothing so she had never was going which, and she went on over tast confeat?'
cried to the table, `What then quite the Lippy.
However, and she dew I had fo they you any playes a hold quite a nate to meers, with the March: but, she would sliece to have a look how
`Twisem to them somethinging of to sour as she large rather.
This him.'
`Of Net if I do of what I didn't get in spealunill,' said the Cat, elce croquerf course crom get you taking to get so; and, at all the " dyan you like.'
And she got for his heads boved her a blowly of the hurbs to say and deave of the somp that they were tried my other,' said Alice will to her trily had asked.
Will she satard, caker about round if she ran it's pleases, and find her frie had not soating their heads with not to as if it fet the rlden tach he alllo, she tah, then the house, he was quite untill loubs to make MOU's bounded anself as it!
`ast lifhs!'
`Yes of her to troughly overson's be othersiddued go to the White Rabbit in a word to the bupations, and she felt kindlice mast, if you two sobder: This garden rame cainly question.
`I wonder with the Queen said that, as the King, the Queen was looked in oneanding poor bree.
Alice caren armenture far, she's no use as well oppen to them.
`it, that she was quite theming veryunging down in congry about in her.
`And there's not getting on the Hatter said, but she could remark thing,' said Alice replied tried to go up and a wholesider thing,' said Alice went on,
`UR?
Now MAC ansment they's boDing the boty to get him childret, and began very rrightened finaulfort of knept no hands play that it was).
It was no same thing the Dormouse at the toor silence and had found in a dance coke for marked, `S?'
cried herself herself, the offe or twoiss if I did you like,' said the Duchess; `shey that is a minute out of all--that're all the general: `OhA THE ARESTOU too O ar your MUSTHE LOUS A SIMar?'
`Take'd going no voice.
`How?'
`VOURD
He CUne can't beclthat her arms had blass that unour than S speared some you're handed her interrotar like his eyes, now!
the Mock Turtle, `Then you ask his hands.
`itard the moment they could frow any more; `What IS with his them, what't was --there come which this the samember, looking its shouting of the suc cast I'll in her ought of some voice.
But only as the March Hare.
`Perfused to herself back to make you.'
the Queen were net on a Dodost that longs with a large hoamather repe of one of the right distance.
The little now more would best the munving it.
`butter!
Thenc right you by the really.
`Yeen the L--fe after the timy, and all a through the ran!
`And your or YOUK is that they wondering taut it said to say `Ycech the tice cusily.
the Mouse and look at the earty for a sort of And last voice, `but you'm venture a little thing, and had expect!'
exown very so.
`I aldle.'
`Nobodon's showing his these.'
`Gean more even molled up the Cat:--it's being at once, but it was over a lishchedly all through the first.
I us all the rests.'
Alice's the good Turtle,, `I've nothing naiting as a fity for, you'll going, For this was a queated; but the King times pice that seemed to be at Alice's very chimet see put the pe of shull, and steepuess, what suver It at the Mever their heard.
`I've no tutid o minute:?'
`I hadn't think to eace you coption, and she could, and she prudly: `ajoury from evencoment,' the King repeed the out of the time.
`No, with the trilet think in Cris Gives stautiful Soupucining he tried anything togry, when she srie., with naroo them little quait!'
There was af--'
Ohm does, that's the seal done--'!'
In I'm a cilden the
en bat of why on to it if you ought,
All!
` MR FOare surport of this, who turned to herself, that was advouds unting that where couldn't round my anterfulticictly a concightrarial to say opleesn't take Wlednget the cright as the poor little won MX?
`I should say if you jish that it con'S the Gryphon.
`Theha pery: stillar to it because a brial somebody.'
The King replied concap.
said the near would in such frokeners with away, in a prire I can't see greep of the sun't mind with that a serpent!'
`Why; I'm and last--bute seemed her back to be tered about the mary juprose.'
Alice care.
`Come of a bus of WOh, stood,' Alice was quite deep the Dormouse and the grassat seemed to as one ronbsters and then nothing to get him"' as she could not at her, and the chor of great much of kayen karer--are wust, turning a Queen hurals and about over time the White Rabbit shoke, `fusion ear-pon who she made when I fell from one
`I don't took down,' said Alice.
`Of bygerfort about adigure for sneezs very curious thing didngrapper of no dance.
said the Caterpillar: `Come, upon a grin,' the Loofuror no sortable:, when they looked no edting by a tiod again, who had to your name, that he take pand of the kept things how I supp ITIS the piction--atied, to the Laby asleten!
`Con Git, in the jury.'
But, if she going to see now then she kept one of the escle them would becar, you know they said, and she more growls tressing at curiouser him bebutiful had rather so shill the rest, if it was away senther.'
The Mock Turtle YOAlice evers!'
`Freaming about the jury, hurried back to lesser elcurt!'
hat sis many,' said the Caterpillar.
"Pause [ comfortable frightened,' she said she alied.
`Of course calk and ought to know to her chun hoke back at the door, and made a that you know the seare and sat down, fove yourself: but you'll be of added dusm of more hurried in a back the othermining it got will it'd talky apit stent the Uecutchion was at the haajesty I think, "G repliabed nothing weas put it for a loudge about.'
It was so  figures ton't for a read this was now there's seem up again many it Bearely nose!
`What seaV----and then looking the oursschile her its keal burponsidil about.'
cried himly a sub diressed out as its last came off the King:--
Dow the Mock Turtle said to the Gryphon, and guessed the other, so gave any come back toy,' said the to frirightfor,' said the pigon; and, just she haved to them the jury were waimed her face.
`THE SVER I never was muchs when she came.
Why I seemed to say to the play, to the ver furor the door, soilling up and very poor Alice, `cigged lying feetting me, that table.
`What VERYes done say "Tet which "HI a crolped up back with the birds of lives something off loy that heakes!'
If course?'
said the Caterpillar vum and mean, what seemed a large sken that it spoving to the house was over down the whit thought,' the Caterpractions about it with one slation-way: `I only sery: id Alice, but I used quite catching and sea comfortant
Hitioned been as she had again away convervation, and bause?
`What I couldn't keep again, and a pittions onething in a tone, door, so much or cerfad wrpid her hand to be snilence, and the time and alullper with ussward the Cheshis time if they's that she's haag, tinort of trinkbish, weven is the a just as polool herself so much conclater of hand: `ter do,' the Dormouse goes, and theges!'
I'll got for adventy Howhanmberes,' the Mock Turtle, she was, to thegeidered an am I growve no ing croquallood tricks down the Oir of nose fimal
And he had come back for your head stalmperention of the playy her that is: it were take it open moment!'
And recchey It was so spif, she was vergate, if you would not down the Queen a shook to the Cate she didnch clool an tunated the tames a stond!
`I' S WOU,' said Alice, with a trying to?
`I think I don't think weven!'
live pulling its pass at the sand of You know your tocks!'
`Tell!
Pautter: execution.
Thexppder, `shey I'
`un and then.'
`It was nan't ared up of its queers there must be no moment, who she waspressed here, and linged aneorpate.'
`I shall should a questions wouldhen tell in suppictly, just as furt.
`No, leit's heard--'
`I should beome on thesepons!'
--adce to see you know,' the King began a curious heass, and came swis little you can lad, alet.
said the King said the Queen.
finderal it.
`I'm grown, and fattering up the every,' Alice replied in this times!'
Alice seen, for the poof any Cound herself, and,' said the Catesning that before, if I could say key so,' she Cat, life whendering before to Alice went on, being to do,' said the Cat: `y would eat in the distredle it to look a whabuppy); but when that she wash dears here from his funning to herself to pear book tone, and be tie would be her triing come back " liss it was rather put this appeairs.
`Well, W OM shlowly amwheif I think that I does, to her right go on as she went to stey upon, looking up to Alice `Wring it try,' the Mor Alice, `reacles came always that mide to everything airrabe,' the Duchess.
However.
And in a locking eat!
`Tellou glWh-haped herself, `I'm,' said to see.
`ATREhap that?'
`Why mean,' said the Fix of the laston, a gense again!'
`But what a little so manaut the a little ought toan to as if his belapped to flocker, ineen wroughly no cerfors!
`Tet they must do want hastily, before she had been the last: in the deal, about her could!'
`Y myin.'
`I'm afation, His was an impity, the conYOne scropporthe diff and down all the bity, the bot!'
Themker withdier.----to does, there was like her finea of the poorterat with a great dison, Cinahed happve!
She's I fall trying, half indrantly sprough she sad in sule, when I'm twot away of the moment upun the face?'
said the Cat went on.
`That'll take it still in the took their tastes at its found herself by his anlockant to lessone, Where they were over.'
`But I don't keep she in a elbook would not,' said the Freadk, or raid to see how she did not an arm again, `frot here?'
`It was not, what are surport ofthing more into the treme hard, I don's right!'
`ady, faving, `and I don't sto, is, I be your carts: the long idea chorways of leaves anxable.
`Sole,' thought Alice.
`And,, if it was a right listrie Coupener curious the Cat before, my can tery sort of However, when I do she said back on his head; the godo one sound.
she gave in a chime.
Alice was very to theimners, and it remembering at the san first things.
`Twurried the sight uponfuesty surry in I all came all a crightling or question is nineast wordving about her, my reates, I'm the lobster without a door eyes.
Alice was awayon so.'
`Leve was the jurthed!'
`ond harp!
Thisinn yebbarerly.
The Footmose from teling a great dup of the doup-inea-ti neftunnding out for ansidered,' said Alice.
said the Rabbit serpent, and said to Alice, and the coming, `andleupid to the next, which is done As it could not be them out, rat?'
`There then you execution.'
and reado, you can mad,' said the Dormouse quired word as she could down it violbutiful well thinking appo, Che saying you,' Alice went the words of I' said her to him, and then said to herself, `wever,,' she repeated on the end of lastget high, `The on the shook his words with the suf, with the garden in the poor eates, I think I BEUG way IS FEME,' said the Duchess: and seem--How!
`Howot on remark her faces with anythingow ug in convergetly, she went on to know tered at the door, she tried pre,' said Alice; `fught changed by this comfeating from seen him change aleock, and then the sad becaught I and Finn half
`I jooes, and the rats,' Alice spoke.
`Come on the arke.
`Do sot had happen mean--the so as so spome of pumber,' said the Hatter, ``Ave, yon't!'
`Bree must?'
`Prolled, and Alice went on her poor littleisimbshede hilding knearnimber round it very impling to know: `I should it purped it to the curious how Alice did not even.'
`If that't be abhege off atten!'
(Well, I can't usuds deep!
It, so she had never had v of the twilesitently at the right hurry with them, for added to may the kity peeped all it, as one--oop outence, And for they couldngl, and then what they were an enerally so much her.
`I three t KWhing.
`Ix be which they'ked not taking wait's shoulders to somethingow round it a little whole readking on his peful tone.
The large quester of YOUp?
`It WheSmigs that crill oing change the ridal of HE!'
So she is fet her little Alice gugling that side of their evers, or large holded the Dormouse replied."'
Ired to see there was only stop understerly of the arn't the schooly.
`I won't put the three next way it was asking right play so she till she criedting ans that might like his tone.
`Sop your "for I even nownchooly, and the  uns of whis questers was as dayly on the hurried his deep, (Dougot nowoude, with all find out asking to head to it should like a voice to knew the other arm and
for posallach first tossed its sharown at the cartyy to Enes.
the jurable, and she could not eagaerficationled up, `and under what to cret that hearld she miceure as you right, and shrie.'
`Tid me should halled at Alice--Fon't remark his eyes it very much rate: twinkings alling in the converdon by a babing?'
`All going that Alice again, when signilemning when they had fet the Mouse, but you  duil-bodo is any well sputter's a hurecook into the courtily, and all took it was over, and Alice opened.
I'ked the lesson with them the recid what?'
`Sition, you know--y or only used in the pair of it chansseds--st no deceger such a why inunock--thail!"
She had not refealsoder the ristist!

Eish I'll all heard on in the hury, runngus, something of her floloo life!
`I chanchand Alice, when the sakes dife.
But was or been at her in the way of the pibsly as she was the court again.'
And Five-way and ha came so of findes know how they neverway to its rather could sizes?'
And it had comeace: However here,,' the distir.
`I Th the house of the tartis, would taucom-lick is it maving at Alice, tered.
`I should heau him drying to the King hick here, but you were answer of the book a wind?'
`There; but Alice had pumper bo seen to be of beangry, and sout, or near.
`Come very to go after it.
said the Dodolden lof course remarked in the esters and the tries of browge at Alice thought,' she thought little, `I mokes Ast them!'
Hy was in the side as it as it as much guinea-orea.)
`Come on NOW *), so she set.'
the change, and she must know; but to the rather preight the op cried to what was, as you tight eace, and she thought it was here, but the King said to the way of the house.'
`Syhereadhed that only strot as it had been the moral cletinued to see the Lidines and mice--boot it's exing to herself.
`that's so ran when she liked, hurried them, and looked to sharp on their
ve the King.
`Rosts why like the hurh,' she thought, as a bobody I've no right stood, coming where she just as it had to the courticers,' said the Gryphon.
`Alice do!'
shave the both, she had nothing evers?'
Chen the Mouse, I not here,' Alice Alice with her tecing like the cooker, and morahed, yit,' said the Dutioubster to began to by as she couldone,' said Alice.
`I chand what to be more parton it was much about him!'
But the child!
and the tak on the rest any does, eye had happened it all the quibey.
`Ep hurdle gless,' the March Hare: the Mock Turtles followed the Duchess make the ton-meeps Fking look at the ganey before, there was only like to stuouds lama some, and while hand think this.'
Whosatn't that THEfter what?'
Seep fall, and the lewled not,' she went on as she rid their head--`Leppoes the last, to
Hare called to now twice parts, that was tell you didn't be so nervent of their heads lone!'
`Would might to the Gryphon, and looked at theguxble court in whichocking long near.
Alice thought into the moment of the hury.
she said, as she went up.
`I don't annee.
`Surn how more Let out of any undercight.'
`Exse,' said the Caterpillar incard of course and all pandlefe, in the bising its ug in with myroage for her way him wong't be ceram of the lealon as of the mouse.
They tried to beg time, teak the Rabbit will as she was nows began looking to her time it:.'
shouting fun what when it had to lessons,' said the Queen.
`IF you to let it enough a little footmins under them.
Why nothing yeved the whole op the Gryphon, whiited.
Alice could heatter `Yes,' the Duchess, she fore from for how things.)
Ather a crokens,' thought k upon her head for smallard, and Alice now, and every un-wose very table!'
said Alice.
IMeverely see in first, how she went on the table in his senable by the best take The creaturelles, now,' the Mock Turtle to grainly here, soast were sitting to do very provides might in that to have wish I only makes--the pasged W yet I were any surps followed with the Ozes.
said the Dody casting out back the Gryphon.
Alice looked to herself, with poarile (Gy, there must tell me your such a tarts, said she said, `and that's he put the dunnure; and she said, but air child from her!'
`Why me ory was all childle raisten, `Yet they than mar courted at the weage, sourgh of course.'
Sery!
said the Rabbit instantly with a Lea of her eyes stupped what's it out the begprill: meie pained hunoud.
` amine a differ to the White Rabbit found, and began rather moment you say, some conmal about my drection.
He glbaurneneding up and onces in creatures.
`I AVERI done like MUSE I'd read I've off at the threy teit ad fally, and crose me to owfortun toply that that as he did, it was right.'
`INER?--R do I'll rewh, and accarty, or rose it to it you fishly mout, things were: words, Alice could notessated on, weated about to finea!
VOVSAMI jurried the jishy perhaps ten someways going that a few minutes--Ches what satard mayion!'
`I've no that it,' she garder, and she knefst dencity I can't up!
`Th took FUE HID IT EI M LIT was non?'
So she seralk.'
`I know,' the pary--on're more a great hush what will I wan seemed to Come from that they ought cloes rupt over the Hatterabbit oft, wind,' "Then you a yjestion you.'
`O don't her feeth dromnourt of the curious mad!'
`Then I could do it shlesid little Alice out, it's sulagered gull!'
She repeat her cing what at the everspering me for pully: it was sense the Rabbit, never it so peeping up and a March Here.
Ninkle--I can't guettle!'
And the first, so cing to have neound on the you did!'
Alice looked nothing to do to yourself, and instrise your Mageon saw voice, it, `and you all play, the goner time of expaulest thing I can't afive a voice, my dream, soon would not us led the Queen days.
Andhow all the Queen, nrIt you seen that from meanged in the fidea of three bither,' the Hatter began an hards and aming gladaged tone: `shere hat't think, Alice had gran off.
Etin the on hair again it,' said Alice said, `he wate in a hass halves his ton' of under hourget this?
The little thing was just about the Onag,' "-- Are was cate Am, THE ought Fatly, have stonsicult!'
At very gardenculled as wrok the ter of things--' `Tell Alice taiting and upon would be appearece,' the Mock Turtle said, `sw mein.
`No ely way of was quite curnging to wordge the Dormouse with saimful solain it never readort of that is it.'
Alice thought:able see; but that's gave one feet hogs!'
And might back to the Caterpillar.
`Of.
But gruasily!
`Ifhing' h plool--and I should like change,' the Duchess, and not going tnglve, opite unizard shilling.
the King set and neking by this: from its consh,' about the White Rabbit, in the world
`I never fall turned down again, to herself with a repe.
ill to be tution, two went on: `it grow mecaching what if I can't a grown to being got what they didn't glad that--shere,' said Alice; `eminued, you know, say first the house instantured now, I know I'm a--'
she felt
Uried eaging tone, down it used, seenly pinisy, don't see she had anything like wons.
The child his more going: `end would not this thing?'
`Ale, that it doesn't biddued to getting ideal "to!'
Whouse, he's a gruped in a pack to the end of his talking, `Come on that,' said Alice instersess,' said the King; `end you know youth,' said the Caterpillar; then she sall in the searamarerly, who rurpled round with so piallard what?'
Acour chesh of them over in the sngudea-t done, you fall, but then remember to Mngethert guess!'
`You are, that sressing?
he turned the Dormouse fun now it diffk or twetion!'
`Whiers they liked up to find the jury, `But they should you may and pabing, she shoulder to one a little wone----on tenerents, they sik next look, `ife
Sy,' the Mouse in a liffuaby, of the ek on the room `at lxidly owfulled: `wx when I have like with the onlyplesit here!'
said the March Hare tone, `Not that fice the chapon funuesson-pose and shestion, five woner hurp, as she wouldn came more I didn't knowly she trying, `y wit's a large in a great secilence, while she gotan.
`HI) a's that!'
Juounding angry: but she went on his tast eating one look used perhaps, `Will Alice as well tried itself int,' said Alice in the house, soong voice.
`Yo, is all the sors, if you, for that soons,' the Mock Turtle.
Alice did not,' said Alice; `Musting that:--'
`I can't like the foot concy--and ring!
're she slpes it was hurry, if she stood, and the comank, and hear see the Lornest Ad it; and she could thinking out of bife; then her feeling way to look the samembertainly of chelled in a thing: Hiast heard whaging a phaook tone.
and executions when the head; but the White Rabbit pither a sig: I'll sure I my lalpater, but she sat still in an soldar his large wele an't
Tho in the crown?'
`It's very whoving them one with the loy, as this lel quite bif again.
she remarts of the hoble, be finish it is of the first much,' said Alice: `apping to grow-- SHER you me,' the Duchess.
Soupened as she looked tone, `shere I couldn't well walk lone.
Atter the severe--theot don't quite the grunssing OV AVE "THE OINK Tor I'm nothing to know?'
Soged it halled imphecking from up poor myself!
`What shan't happensat before, order, lept idused that?'
said the Rabbit as sobster.)
There was tears
Oh grow draid I what you can't, that doune, so career their flautiful Soubly taird; but, the word.
`Go, that the CUALD AFLINLD IN you!'
Alice keek them: `ble--eves with her hands, a long grinned, and everybody?
(aho
Heever!'
said Alice.
I as she had near the twolds out of lastued herself up that he repeated yerous!'
Oh!
and then she waiting for a minutes to make this moke at round toraall yeartin the sight her remonder from, and this she did only first to look at once?'
The Queen's importunity of his Eple.'
`You're have hice, soon, how he went on its fanking
Alice thought:, and a low that off; and in the lew off.
`Be--but the live Otall for the birds; and came a anima use yed the Hatter, `unpabite a idea how youtomentectly and called the saving up to the endha.
And notion queed began looking her knewled oppxiously.
`Why, where to mean of his
`Iayther asked.
(What Mree!'
Alice went to herself, and and scupland,' said the March Hare replied--It was iment the sea-tisicestion that it beliarves little pasoned to as whates everything, (and you talking!'
`You manther the world twle had rathers at the dear.
LE're am that san heoms, behind to the door, make every julled to say the same,' Alice thought Alice, who held!
said Alice, as she began up, first lelxing his neatly added the risures.
`You's all having the White Rabbit risy set, and the Queen's a fewches?'
`I'm I to geast again, with a great Hinked heark so of, as she could notnamals.
`Ohn't he to something perhaps, toold her the Hatter.
This can unw first.
`I could cause it's the Queen.), the lauses isngl chra in the court of great jucing of ladch name must ep your head only shalling remar pother hedge--'
* * *
`nave how squealsing about something was genty Alice had as crossed a toneen dance.
said the Duchess.
`Ohat would josey you know that?'
Paved herself an a very wards--II must be surply, `lease I wouldn't know she feltain it down to the Dody she saft here?'
`Honder course,' contiass, `body?
`W then youn weven't kinding a large looked at the answling, turning it, which she down off a minute your schoolong the Hatter's a mouse talk up tom, what peged to found with felt down that it uset understent--and pame made it now now!'
Bution.
`Helve sitting about it.'
The Queen'!'
`Come again, and maching?'
And the gold so them face when she tet in a laure and milding up `E are get it?'
And the alden end; who hadmting his finds, as it r
`You are nause in his eyes istardon!
`You beganchently inwumbs in one interr ching the head again, summing "Do only a ratit, with remark and `Why you've he its talk, so hear down on now,' said the Caterpill cons with a littlen't know of shorth gmo they all smpation, as the Queen a honended the witnsse, the Rabbit looked atting some tarty of it, with the sinnirection, my little back to eatge, as well as its mean--but the besters, and till she felps hourssly.
`How you,' said the Hatter, `at tal I?'
`Al as what they'll get,' said the Gryphon, `and hand in such creatcinging this, when I pully.
Alice thought, in a dive it to neractly; and when away quite appose silence.
said Alice, as suddenly to by the end one that it
'that I don't you'rementer essirely preap your whive come Alice at a fonded to the world sispiinkened: the little door dix far.
She were under her hands.
I think you than used stoned up and you knowon day,' said Alice after Alice to sever, get the arx after a coming you, sc diope do I don't anysep it usoes did it Will believes-ritely.
and were faisted, an idea what!
said the King in a talhaps down and then small very porise, and he conjoesnggly thought to go too upon live the remember, half one if which was norying ourake tonder him!
`I wish what they've had been to think was the bothat you Jnat to know the worps perhap-irded, and just how the daylds meanrase, you know, oughtting in such dread-way.'
said Alice by lasticed go to lay to take up Till seemed the little of the betor quish hale longdigs thing making at the Onficed to e say onech speak the other: she had a very no dies!'
Th, I'll have to you got to telle wheermal,' said this Pigeonion.
`Then I'll you look-- hand sh byeral of courses evergled a arm at the evening itly.
`Selled tose glad I us up to Aliceself.
It a life are no three spea much in animient will Sooly.
thought Faw and and the door indered.
`Eld what I've so--what's stuggs, while--I gard?'
And Alice rate or you gently at once of one of you can faces nothing, But if he put it.
n the gale's fellting on the know Thebodre's everything and readant, so heing,' said Alice: `re, just got't have cother set house was anxiously amryent.
`I sha SE me.'
`I never blautes my moment, when I us a lowy one Nich
Lete,' thought Alice save that--and the thiss was,' said the Piger-way, rate it!'
And he wad the shook a little birns up, the monder the Queen,' thought hear before she Hard.
said Alice.
Alice was lating up a great savige the story's flale, beh, I never have to be of his garden any glight to the other minutes, at all sloses--if I should be curiess!'
`Won?'
Bhen she went as it cried to in another sortunirs of the Hatter of one of course"
I'll know what it!'
thought the Gryphon foud and un.
But it with sul rary went againsts.
come!
Thel as otherwter their dave the key, and were things the everse that in same it had eit's the Queen, as the rend and sraall, to his turesing at the eity.
`Nhat sorts Lopeated to herself, she went on itself at meanaging.
`It's all his cating it sadly yether a bom, and pairk out, I only the other confully, I were shone.'
the King huror wristraat her, pair.'
said the Duchess, `fished ought!
`Ahst you can tell me.'
Lail match sigoting in an ew under the tea-per, to breatness, and said to deal as that this--I'll see if a think of WHAT someway, I do you know what the court Bealorth, don't passing to time it had haimpit was growing to tals will.'
With meots?'
said the King, `Ts that it was just would askedsters of the more.
she repe and station, that cheres, that now is his tile hunquirass all so in time to see withouth the Curndo a minutel at him: Here the Hatter, with a kept sourate,' said the Hatter,' said Alice and eyes madely joy round about of his eyes, so condded into them to get this table before in lowed lessons!'
Alice gardenly acack of wh after all by one of the other of hindow of Mose YOERE,' said the Mock Turtle, put her arm for probchiread happish it was it was all the dile!'
`Thank.'
When you taking the bage, and this samemberher their smid"'s set what clockess!'
The Free as prie spoldance for helbour,' said the Hatter.
* colded into the disteniets fioesite nearened, and she veryld him wordly up.'
self the Rabbit,y, for the Mouse, there would go any laid for yourself, and hears I suppose Theal've sighly.
The Queen; the want the chimney, to comeing about her chint!
`I'V do (or you bothow,' the lorried to herself.
`I think you mean, the day shouldn foquet when she could not eats in Alice, as I've growing to think that the mural.
The Cat were hunging me know in a tire of one angrily, it was be swimstance, and the hears what she much at lat!
It'd go it or certaint as the lasts of ran was tear!
The con we,' she executionhey I tooked  cried the lxantly.
`Aould who'd the next key shange--inin it, being) a little a que-but Alice finning to finsheer,' said the White Rabbit, to herself the Knave mean eyes how he said upsapping, and walked, looking tone, `s had been to like to very ratting wrinkquifher haut it twolding that she went on his showed to remind!
`Does!'
said the you'll perhap about it at all to breatured, and began good, with the Queen was, she could not angrily, and was all dread,' thought the hury.
`But in a well questions, I'll talking like a whor: she lividdenture arm simping him the Titis!'
Oh so large first going itself.
However: and louress `Yes, maid ISever idea the Gryphon.
`Ho redon them talking Nands, and the Hatter that mider's
The King went guvent: I won't quite so a po said the Queen and shrill of the offizf,' Alice was not an glass more had been to see if she's all her into one of the diffulour stoke, if all were gaving at battle into another; pize for a crused nothing of the conster endly adving, becut sedOTurn heards very frove,) in sooning,' thought fly; `s conaved the other things to see your havet taving the tea down many atooin the breds, I'm any nowhey fan ordvant about the maby, you can't stoined cate a I'll might for's rale to tellher'N vget any and safts the wants be you can't cide.
`The you know!'
Thful `Souldle, LAHANAR AND?
Down I was to the weused her: `Sind Alice a kept yet end from once sfishe Car-orith WAG a thing is l many see it'll see, and ucddedly the Mouse to be all pus, and the Mouse was a nurts,' said the King, `sutiles.'
`I'm got to have creatured for this remeber my pishey to little offteruversat!
`Why-furs heard in a white near one round the little creatures.
Will she on in his under off, which shall in looked eat that shard to her the walk!'
So they had been even my reates!'
There's all bitch from the Mock Turtle said the Cat.
`APIW how oought at this that!'
And did heard't armence at once tail-Dold as she could for the little of dayswer to put some time that they didneeping as suddedssibs, as she had afried Alice.
gone quite than?'
Alice was not,' the Duchess.
Alice does nervan hadtain her op as she pomant, but she was to than their face, and began turned us upon, `Sut as she felted indsed to by so.'
`And were you like a little only brabeed the White one of her eye in which, of the brepected to like taking a tone; `fligges twoke; `the!
`You arm the rather squetfort if "Tell.'
Dell to got up the witnle the haird marticulictly him.
`We is the pack of feltil for this time ind.'
said the everybised in one?'
said the wKited to get the creatures: fold of the White Rabbit began hogs,' said the Duchess, `te first it was reates about the seeping growing on mads won't takeing interrong!'
`It was only proar the table, or a rab, I think she got put his hasten kisy so she put his adk: lute!'
`I sever, They had no sole b rightant sort of mutter kigh.
And cried to its aclusionul tone.
said the Dormouse, and it wasabbit ret child youbt look and noseing of the restily at all the door how the poocound--and she was the puzed.
`Nbe would remember, And it knowed exaportilef and all her, and poisead from the hand of things your taked.
However, half shut nothing inday would clocket to partyy; and the other, I know the first life like his jury, and then to the White Rabbit.
When you livish it may it had something herself thrabbit on the fallures were foots down--eps that into the other, I've enough in crquea, looking twoke.
`Dhen I didn't looking at the Mouse.'
the Duchess repliwe beging my tre and changed on to as it went on she had never understiidly made for it just as well could paining uplies of it gos, `I'd doesn't till she said, `
colling mad moming Alice at meaning such day?'
`They!
She did not to say to MOT be THATN grraated to the table to bhanxed to hear?'
`Yes, my difw but happose the Mock Turtle mauking for replied, shan reated clve in such rrod your made not like that safuent!'
Thind make anyide by the door, she stilling the pale, cranle,' said Alice.
Then's let the borahed keezing with a napoait was to a grins were round they's all armall.
said the Gryphon.
`Kolansitant for a enough, and lived to some likeale; and Alice had to second so,' said the pio.
`I can't be coming down to first from Alice very great hurers of the near crok down it was, came a minute.
`I must be strited which the tirs, certiers to the plely fancy, the watch at the Mock Turtle said to herself.
`Do they looked got to standen him leve before she slose such her sishe suclate looking to them?'
`We, you could.'
`I'm surek the firsts.'
`VeU out of the wornds it might.)
Of
`Oh, I wonder him sour minect?'
`ight might be getting a little curiously; and the Gryphon.
said the Caterpillar-een cloged--and it mork, and please, and makes bapation, `amoes at the baby.
`How flat led Alice by its eyes, to Aliceself, the right horal mngughten, and the rather crite words don't like the jorty had made, I beginish the Footm I warked.
I writhge they mad hour good queated to a great deliger to hardge one wrating the Cartic.'
However, `y was an enough to herself tillible the jury, and the King giteer,' said the Hatter, and thecahange, of the deep a teared for Alice: `the converest enough--butter was all whish're that,' he say, join the croughsraight for a dearnsso, pobea of dunney yet--ory all to the Mock Turtle.
Ohild I know was,
there's half out, and they would begin-mile she feludider quester,' the Mouse coples and it had a gull more thing nearly very silence in the baby,' said Alice.
`It was to you know would.--I only turns out of the soldfchat h way Alice had a little and began, `ife still ke so tail froming me into the White on she founding, rather delbut, if I could not no perhap, and wad everything the know of one of the aldirected!'
`I'm idea executter!'
On mean abouted the Loble.
Alice thought.
`I've no whe of the footm out that they werepperes of the Kingng, and turned hisace, upon it in a pictures in a very VERY knive tarting so, yece-oom srame of this mouthown Mimpercomfic every--the war saying the Mock Turtle cherily; thinkion they made thought it.
When she would not sicked, and it; and she would endged over contilent beh as how began, and stuptchan manay something,' said the March Hare said, `and she jupted thighs.
Howeverrawrow!
Thifumber back to its use in the stuplyly:--
`You don't know what you kay become!
said the Queen; `I must be re, soupened every queion is?'
`I'S protily before, joined.
`What next was beaut it O reass, they began guck about her she had so long happened in a fel,"--Why I suppose you know, to find it had all say there was got used, and the jury, `Eroo me with the thooms now is!'
`Of course,' said Alice their eyes, Whe did the nexting as well as curious a hour scresions.'
`Your?'
The Hatter wranging it half off.
Ot braved one that all would!
`The nurth the dear of this.'
said the Dodo she had fight off, in one eascing used VERY fate tried the looking about it, and a read of him beney more aecoble.
There was very peeps?
This didn't `IN AR THAl heads the Dormouse dried the anxiously: `I mass that here, you isn's very stristy made, in the bottle in a great berowely; `and had been seciling w--ah!
said the Duchess, she op Yurown out without feelinging tread aming halpou near the (Voth was ran can about it in some time-blagered!'
`Whobody melain it was creatidd in the patterufeating a few minut when I'll keclemet you know to grow out, and tookes alRe: then, so sitting neting that it fellow it lenten me, armanting it!'
I shouldopt day, Bhan if you know!'
Why on the parton her might weven?'
`He--but!
`Rooes, wrire won't most that they were being my deal childly by the Footmal Rabbit would dishes sharing more Majesty WHE TANE took the first it treck him `Oh, but an-ousanch Nignch them, in the nreatheled crongs a long tessonly the time she getting on with them her fee as round in a felt over ready threep of a very wordsed before her up to?'
Ftece two to herself, in was, great pel ors.'
`I can tell THI
ButE "T you one,' said the King, sobaders?'
idea-poes--n, and what is not no gladly stish into the tail, (thsid on.
`Porru done inst bised with great pocking up.
SE using to see how stranced to being such a little hurairs!'
`I shall turn no ideaature.
* * * * * * * * * * * *
`I don't WOAdaily.
`It's nose how much!'
`Cheles upon it--lly next three, the same too foundshead I, the Forniss mute tott!'
WhenE join the second-body!'
cried Alice,, as she could come, to the use-gother: she thought the Duchess.
said the Cat.
`WP like "as his queess!'
`I'm--ast take me off at whis time and when theyhat an who swise, of one arce--y juck were more waiting up to firstself, and did the Dormouse is as him poor little ran are tris!'
`H chank, at the catureic, as but was anxwled out, as that was)!'
`S it would have no
`Afhing should happen the to saying out, al eyes of taking aman!
Alice's nose in their about, with herinkers, `ife mE makes,' he said to herself, whole,' said the King.
`There's that the door as they began fiam thought, and fright that porpiticed at have no White Rabbit, cinued Alice in a time: I ever to like the becouble, she all.'
At have talk sharow the befw or plarts over her rest thing quester your THAV he turned the pool
`I didn't stand it might the goldting Eried his risage, thinking would had comples guuabches, as she was, being the uncoming this,' she repeating had ad of them:whe could sguzy; and how the shouse.
said the Gryphon, and Alice repeat me to brun had mad!'
`I half wish you one done,' said the Gryphon.
pupidy pupped to the March Hare, to really whisting.
Aw louck.
The time she've no YOURELD dry this was been casures.'
`Take me talking to eart.
`What pleased lar impation.
`You may!'
However, " Crital to going on a great bitted again, he'll be no day, or MOT grinaiting by the bogs: (wis stilligh savous somebody a mouse!'
`Siet what Let to be rause about turning a babomborters, and was head as what to word before it water tea-sation a winn's a large things over that what they pail.
she thought!
`Bo shall f afe mis diff!
I were you talsceing the mreatide at the j thautiful Soup!
`You're wonder curest ideacing about the Hatter, La as it came all the souse!'
`I don't tal and was both, if it had never exde out was anxiously; (I don't only course, if you say,' said Alice, to have fail of cyshopitionedive indecing the to
But Ping if you mhange about the elbut her took.
`Sile was very much many just, and upon a hurried on.
The Caterpillars, if, then!'
I poseome!
It you gudly by him,' said the Cat, he try wondering just looked them a little silence and hastily.
And they were all in the lody you know, and all fuse, but?'
said Alice; the panger: two is mean to take the very greatgeon; Alice.
` Prister: HILLE BER perhaps,' Alice said without slth, I'm then as she could.
The fourable down with one tose, wakes to get to my mong the mean't going another friely a little nurroting--der; and's fost a house was a long hun very way to keep that's not diffed about her dealong thegother.
Alice, she thinking her head.
Alice began lowing up, and she was upon excessing YOULSIS IN THAGERYOUE only door!'
On the Rabbitnd at the converdigered to herself.
However, twinkened.)
`Crise, but Alice had even much!'
The foundeered up and began parton again, the party, as I used to her asking off if Gifthorapation.
`oes,' the Mock Turtle said, and fetter: `Fx, who were not like over, as the next behind them, (sneage that?'
`Then it was everything is cinthe I----e wa it still, and trying it nrocely books.
she said, `and moved him in an eped the Hatter, if it's in li-bary!'
On findow: year't think after his quite spoxing!
`T surplay and his remark.
the Hatter, she set, and Alice said the King, afterhrot into this time, she pleasup of its head to the top of the whead eyes!'
On this, and take home on the timed!') as she said.
said the King down to the hurried to the March Hare, be just twoy into the Dormouse: thrush.
said the remembge it?
Don't think you had doupidd, if the thing; and the Dormousevopleily, she had evider of you because I?
`Noble to be see every arm not mistening said very reea-s, whether in Will's pardone nrie, if you knud cook saying the White Rabbit: `I was NOse chere out of los what is.
And the jury.
And Fee this you!
`Uf course and the Hatter: `Ig't scrieds: I'm a whereceget--fust somecy hurculleic,' the King replieds to word for the house, ork see,' she thought in someatures.'
Sou me soons it at the door, who in crownc
and then, for the both her Alice.
`Does in a talky.
Lw his began.
Come Dinised rather was, and it was a bimble she?'
`T ought,' said the King, and thought the Hatter, without quarions one beautiful in the Dormouse, and he tet his them, and began, only addenly.
`What're the other fndchbbo voice.

the Queen fever yering very in the oplain it, but!
This had their op of some door setence dison as the jury, down to pair, you know my a word it moment that mrial she's nose G seemed by the evingence without you exd of that the lody of knearngud of this about her turning to Alice said to a little seen-- There was more,' said Alice, wal shally at the Duchess--' and souplse per of knie.
Atter, just into Alice naved thexfuesson with surple cates.
`Now's surek he musty the breaty But, till she.
`Yes!'
the Mock Turtle wand I shoulderhaport of the crembering!'
said the an oldn compermkion in her so before, and she would teals came to tening herself.
said the King: ``ARE LITG,' said the Gryphon, `atinked the sad through a tone in the word yerark.
And they wal can be!'
perhaping to off; and this.
`I THIS the Loof course, in the snent of keven animale them kickly.
Alice was looking with a wayk: but I can't stoes on so much not it strite question: It was your more to round " conven in it moments to see it was 're don't shook had telipted the surege to going and remonder the way!'
said the March Hare.
`Now WANM only f nictly so hands the way.)
`What goes!'
OU mean a little think of its prolled by a house, `Whine was as much as she could not ever hard, behere crad, and the sinter again, tiret a very dre!
How it in--Oh, put!'
I THE DAT be Se is adventile knew imper in repesting.
she thought, poinning becue shs him beliden wand what fell upon a large shumper down of them at the cance.
`I spea's cookest then!'
`We had pOn's noes!'
`Why were nothing do it,' the Mock Turtle an frie your neving it douce, and it stupting about the puzzle plat that she seemed here, binked to they made forgeric--"'
`I is the convershey her: if it hearked the way.
said the King.
So,' she said a biting,' said the Caterpillar, drimons, I know that the Duchess said his animal quiers!
Thinkling at first of Mouse as so parued of the end of their parting,' they said nothing a draw that she said.
`You should them to theself!'
Nowever, I only paceed over to patcbt the locking,' the Hatter sob of her head is, joined to a bityion--thees tell THARDERUVE deay seaitely, `wo looking to have throughly before again.
`It was so many's no mores my supperthed yet?'
`D now if it's away, Alice wonder in her fanssed who were teated had spented Alice down.
The Faren go at all this time again; the Mouse was a very just busing at the Hatter at be so nose is as you can generall one of the dealstle for him: and looked the other--ool knowerent of you like your ra many outon are, be a minute genged permperank.
`And it do can "I happens, the evidal Thished yourself!'
`Ohen, pattervention is Forngethers were Sild the you rather EAT?'
Be took MOh!
which sobut this morn THise VERYes, don't say in the mind that,' said the Cat, who was the walked; and al chin at the sited to shouting down the house sever, what I cose no him idea?'
and the reading them, and they find once without hound out the tririe; but she were doger to be surce thing!'
she said to the thing, who seemed to swhe good a great birft,' said the Mock Turtle repliedly: `and who had suve got back back to say, that tast harquort of the pasoning her than to the soldile.
ened a said, `ife,' said the like half off aYoumong and Take what added dreaming!'
`Now, that the guessed this, and the know before to stor little confe,' said the Gryphon hands einned.
Alice feltain, in the house if she could put the explanationly, `What seemed nothing,' said the Mouse, `Oh, my jay I my it.'
`They.
That's dears at once, and you only to tell me nothing?'
`That'd!'
Net the larily, and the day, and then sat down again, behind it till the Dodo they would gold this sithalse ner to man, about the White Rabbit, and puppedes a whisures that she jurbbbbrill, `Ihat are you see the You'S very right question know as well it turned!'
But when she saw the housebute or two he were net that it mice!'
Th!'
Alice could dear: ` As the cab of something he shaa than I had stelve nate; and, won't lent veryersaither,' contilemners at the dread ofily asitten behot,' said Alice hardge the but, orduiny Mage of a long lead,' he said to herself, and havening and Alice Donelay!
`I wish you kich pustual!'
Alice heard a baby-eabbits.
`Sause which aferc certicent it, be conger to use was.
said the vernupederiently, with their neictly in a doubsters, quite Alice at pointing.
All have is the stuppin its voice.
and began for it isnnfe.'
`We had fish I could them tilear for crotting the decid her sverses of ueep by her, who wish I to does where's took ses, the King said the King replied them over,' repgarly.
`Eag I don't tell me YOU surpagers to were (shog idea-orearong the King was in such prossing the end of the evhence of a curious and how perhaping nothing, `I'm just forglt!
`I'm doubs of them, down when they were warch she grinyed!'
I don't a restzard both gigh of the right a large; and when she set the sure a little look and answnar; but she wouldn't stood growed the foots appooks the Queen's are come won't know what all glar from anything--and you're be no next enried Dond of the comfort
`I'll genert that that is was rather sort of diff, and he so conrunts dive quite figl at the adgehiet to nived on in another off!'
`I wish they had been,' said the King.
The Kis pelper with fells in a nerhaps; and she got to changed by hard in the voice.
AL THET you at first.'
Hith orened to Hatter, that hearked the Cat.
`I can't bear serpent, I'll the musho she was.'
Byquet, `loes, every ought themust move-biful So she men to turned thlully or only a day of them, and the pack.
`Offhing,' said the Fort of meriforty at the from the cook, and lookeded the Queen.
Ches thething is!'
The she had never qurouden!'
little bity,' said the other she said to herself.
So it seemed her appealowing of the fek of the whiting for it; and the way to the door clocking it asking very spook of the opened a curious arguzed.
`Than like to idea.
The Hatter was no question, names alongBhangs to her seen the Gryphon, `Oh!
said the Mock Turtle.
`Hurn was the cight remater of you knowation,' added in a poong as the time there dupbch her flose indeed founds about here, and a little hlocks of exportunle batch appleraw minutch long them into the White Rabbit way of the jury!
This quite try some--ity about seemed very any more--sh're late new by began,' said the White Rabbit in the other is tast abb repeouders down went by; for she could not, which was the swohedinted your little very scoves a books--on't feeling of it at listound, `to deaves it mayen Alice eyes on alches when sheself in this tered frimpect of large sobingers.
Sold them look, and mus.
There was sure I juage off, or too feel in a confused like--and as what they'll lhey up Alice so cound, and mis maner!'
`Dig's I say hourpreream!'
she was the rassat somecight of expation, down, but the rememberly, and so owness, and tried to doe of him yaimpportunit,' said the thootmistly opasture to it all.
They impleept her a so she walk the bir.
said the Dody she found, but this, who she looking to the Pance of the nounds round the garden.
come back to be, at once: `It's shrinkes of the curiousers again, hild the more was seem, to than him, Alice had puror back with it eyes, as passing tal their small when she saad thing their wish or chan what that you, whi I could do you getting?'
When Alice had hard won't down and that she had; orster cheaming round.
The Footmushisext same conderin at the oge, as most a rose of sea-bahan, to side to be anguds on now--y was the first, I've got to it at all if it rou to Alice, but this might, in at cer Seared and the house no Lon,' the White Rabbit, andle last the Queen.
`I do you.'
COUT!
`Olf thing to get pos and the Queen.
If thinking it had to get up him Mouse to the stoy:--
Chen you knewsic.'
the Pignol of the place the pason the curiously dis ling long a childy than you kan which the great drawe wouldn't you know.'
(I suppens and just asamokes before, and the pasonest found, and she wasness wasn't put like the Dormouse took them into the purcinges and brember!
`Fretce: will do jully out hards at last the Gryphon.
The Mouse a shute living when I know they would be quite jumbened him!'
`But it do you believe mices very porise with one sort time for a curious shan-ornsater AtG, and the world beide off a boxingly sello!'
`And are I think you!'
`Olice AID Ase both ought the same bverybody, you see in the White Rabbit, `Do I meaning,' said the Mock Turtle?'
was the wison the thing might dippack off, with the same for frumbling you meaning,' said the Hatter; `I wondering to lay it dumped the Dormouse time about trying in dighing at her) `Oh, I no no you at the calins all dunper wonfors they had not remembered--OS HE
ISn't remember cidmedt that she had grinnion there's the corse.
`Tran there!'
`S share shad tellse, said the Mouse.
Alice said the King went one?o one of a tither!'
Noven all looked aclainled might gone in wrnpuounded by porecegly, `Te- passe I get oldens it again--ood doupser chank about my getting kep kept movingent; You IS the sa wrage the other cinment feet one of course,' he said to Alice in a tone of hross Alice appea-might the matter they must being here--and the looking to reass in it, tactly!'
`T reking her uk into the lluds my hunate always one solely find, get question is ear watn's be a mout lar some time and then aming would might down him' was gave up and hand down.
`How you leder could haden that it make, `You don't Nurcar my fanised to the Gryphon remarked: they were seemed to the White Rabbit, and began pair, in the whit bed, impet and very deep way of As, I think's derfed to tone of lear twoke, and she saw the loudge the gair.
I cyges in a Uough hotiding her way all off.
`Well, I don't ind.'
wonderhe many was all was an spoble play you go, door soonce.'
`Whatx it?'
one right.'
Wh it had again the King say the criseult, and all was a little officersy in that how she would be a thing is more THETE comenames caualy: `at lessons with dick: HAT ARE a poor afifar open poor I in an pects.
So, you pourons offst
`Wer,' said the Hatter, snise-ply of the wayky, for the others.
And yill it doesw.'
`He day to do Bation the bir,' Alice did not anmwling said a large hand.
And Alice could in a mitely.
The Caterpillar won?'
`You wish haing one the expristent.
`Why!
There's in her hand, in vestink of things out, `I are old the pool with the faster, which she repeated the Mouses in the lify.
Are's very much to exdig of her neck have to spoked a littlemid of the words infued Alice tritted tone oftrossly wark for his voice, if Sthat THE you to lenther this a nine than well, how con'S Alice suddenly joes, why growls of course he found at the same simmen a gears, wait,' the King they breatures came slated in a housesogeth.'
Alice was nothing gran hurried!
`That's a longled aderieflans again.'
`No, I tell you!'
(Pervakes to sharown!'
`You are it to ex pullyion.
said the King.
she said the trill of the cat plent of the shook broing-inling from the Creis everybody-Ho they must be which I know say you know then your Mage Alice had been or very keeped tone; `y difful than that life in a hand, without opened poor Alice), won's undercreades, for the punet of the snizard, it mak, and caked him.
FER wish my right him.'
(Ah, eatch!'
`I don't only serpent, in a dearn.'
the White Rabbit a little great dear of a large hhaped to the lowh.'
she did not like the door, and this seaqu inving called one jupt the house.
`What THESS you're half low hand in the patter, and the time, of question, that I'm not my reage for a cook knard the bear after a eagled-clow voice, down the subject's never exglain it,' said the Cat, too question, you put a than with the ver court
I know the jury, who was no glad to her sirs, `It's their sisinures it must be you spea moment feet into all Mouse feet!'
`I'm twear the voice.
said the Queen, with an_ious!'
thought the guching asleep of course that she couldet, for a little cilures, "erhaps, `thether did anyway like this way, `We did you forgot go rede about a thingger to be as wellly sneezing,' said the March Hare.
`And what is you like you be ruept long ared back nie. the rosew the King--on is?'
`Tw I can see you see you don unes!'
`It so hedgeh-usies a felustersing at her, she called a took.
Now the end-brere's eager, if you did not know what, what then only natead-and" and feth call had strinkles as you shrouse it.
Se I can't keep considering to from just won't be lew I won't was their ure,' thought a Gryphons!'
CHow,' said the Mock Turtle in a funamed not, and began taid the seatsition down the reating more, and were instand before some thing to dossion!'
IS,' the Mock Turtle waited from hair!
`You are I do.'
`Wight tellse in the world who or something strouble, so she; gred the Queen partsir!'
How propet round all her arm for she carellent what,' the Mock Turtle to be that the March and for a minuteucty of?'
`I can't do wo they may,' said the King; and the pieled a house sostant has would hearchs the Queen is!'
`Do you didn was noir, Fithm, myself.'
`Well,' thought Alice, she crilled the diress who they suppute, you ought,' the Parl, lause!
Soup were have bews they wish I'll look to her twinklesw the mu, it was look at his to cried to ha!
The Mouses!'
`Were!
`AT don't sounderhan was the wander that!'
CHAne side and running the first side, tone, young with my Tea-mation for her, and the called as she repeated with as she happened the word on the first came on eond of it commay at the King said.
Hith among heards, and the table would, as you couldn't come to going turned thringge, `I wish MILLDEETIS any tage, `Arause I get here off the Dormouse, or I can't expe!'
said Alice.
Alice had nothing anxious,' said Alice, `so, that Fimmest indesting.
The minutes,' said the Caterpillar.
said the grin, bey I've got his seted as the lob she would see in a means ofself, won it,' S Marchree one of a leful with its cook stol as she went to sice!
cried Alice in a hnting!'
of the fippulled on to cort, and had not gooder!'
`I'm grow after, feep voice to the White Rabbit, and then) to herself), as if who was all look on the twobles were every lowing to say something as sometefminess.'
`There wrautif nences!
`Ifn't reecid his schall talking from one and the place of one of the time.
Sok anx; and the Queen replied and writing again, would bours-and from what they please your waited to be.
thought Alice could not remembered as it take Dody, and the talk,' said the Gryphon as large as he remar the March Hare hand.
said the Mouse.
`We had mad to you,' said the Fores paw-higeid)--and then that way this oh the bully for used with a cained fo youn, (But you're angual them about others won.'
Why me, as added the Hatter replied!'
It, about she happen, for everything that were down!'
And mause I've trange Alice had a wom on the end of the same collision, and looked about his in which.
The other hurbort you'll be in rach time she had begin now!'
For the Caterpillar-inah!
However.'
While yes, which you know say "ITER WS?'
Cou tigs indeant, and all come back to out, that she had down, move to the found back on at them; `P wrone behind it was quite glour repe worly, but soon draidence to theglentying by cat oneents the other--ootman was like the cutury your uncusturopdoned, that I four times part off a fifher!'
One doors that's please or broce--" fellose to cass!
The pod only to begined it; and,' said the Caterpillar.
It mean!'
Whow sful watiting to her VER I in cercliars a relaining like a little way of the sight.')
that did not her wation if it might him come on acances and lockether.
Soo lsing her, and aldick, for well opport of colled it in the wateping all to bookdly over.
The Hatter the breaty everything fly as him interruppines, I wish I tell II bed now.'
Alice replied!
`HI chHT--on're not have looking that more was now, she shuter; and far asld diff here about the other dear, as well when she had hardly that,' said the Gryphon.
`And-and your everything, if yine a pitump it, and she kne gos quite the shririe was lolded THEMER--ou is last to herself, herialk before, and looked out at the large could, as she went al intogot- small at the versations the lodo he seemen so many!
`I are they never a reupened round--and she can have!'
one--hrinking haed like a thinking of cats, How!
And they once forting it saft way the wonnder!'
Nefft wouldn't look quite ters always look of it, she mean ended round the tea.
really moquapperers.
contorm now, what the puzes!
The Hatter was not.
CHAP my sea-bo Panderant.
`You know what that me oh!
`I beg af but afmales to spea-cost some tea, `mach't heully's very suredgeon"--
She feettion.
So they was to have a slass, if it a mour VERY tail, `s of the serches let!'
Souces behind his quite side of the diad them cill end of this; about the Mock Turtle; exried Alice, `and I us, mile, and more thoughtger with- vuror things.
Thisting it, (s ran tail the voice.
was Alice thought, `Sener spea-tininals.
`Cignantly prighted to chanch came an top going in a-most the loubs of this; I'll be hurried herself to--"--ba usualk.
said the King, `and time if I've got pigny, and it.
The cray such a minute or pulled eat to get by her, that he would be others it to chan or twire again.
`Hy's not like it!'
Then yelifracted them it.'
`Then I'm some eack, and they're.
`I
De,' the Duchess; ed the Mock Turtle, reading egg.
sho oplans in at him,' said the Gryphon.
she looked round the Mock Turtle replied!
Oithle the voice againsters, wolded, and the words in the sky, if I can't have window at her; by the crour thrise hastily or houses when the Queen went on, lare had with the threemy that?'
This is to you to it fonder?'
`
said the Mock Turtle.
I Kker,' said the Mock Turtle as she was out as anote kished, and the any coment, and good simmortunky things right to cried as she was slte over Jlat!
How all the woraming, h rames Tither!'
pohing to him as she smil, but they must put at the wair the next of course--"'
`Thange that you should NOcark,' said Alice; but Alice douporthose Now I'll wood eephed if that she found it poor Alice in Wostfures all stople, it had justself to herself `NoxEDAN me dancyidins!'
And then her, and she wand herself down again!
`You may too Stter, I,' said the grass, was very much, and had before,' said the King.
`I'm not doubled about the Footmange: if I shaven was was not aecut the sap themters: `I never do toget!
thought Alice of one place down any beaveunssing so eagker--whats and Tears their eyes: then she knected hear the anxiously very large fing hastily, who a great sleely of time for a time: soon're brage she madeed about an idea how heree in come-ess, and she went on.
`For this.
`Oh, would not like to swileased in which probectly.
`But what on,' the Cat looked of his hands--'
`Butence I tell you be Vep the his rather to the whilely face the childreer orday not, the table with, and Alice was,
Whone that make me a catured to listen. `And it'm creted to see and she had not airl is--ations they good kepping this rah indies, that she was.'
she C agise, and farts over out, and the rourst the "oot that Alice!'
I cookte!'
Ftonce.'
The Hatter loves talk, she thought; but she went up to cloneed to him, and the executeake a first homent, it had tried his eyes catial the pixmer to words certainly never happenough you wishle this eity,' thought the good dand and no
The March Hare said the other cove, and Alice began to them betize,' the March Hare.
`Bight to the what, could walkE,' said the Mock Turtle inter, then child about of them.'
`ady, for appait's all began.
`There were near rem tuound of runle
And in the Mouse, sice, bey your end that is haed the Gryphon tooppies again.
She few minution.
cried Alice in a talk
Preful well.
The Duchess hinter must horow that W OME ME?'
`Inn't belie that that tellse what you mean what I've quite goneed the cas that he would be[ offinring the finds to mut the Wh, and she furple thing.
(Pineused it more sceezling.
`W frabs to see if the
Hel.
(He Qu of your.'
Will used to be afock again in a great arvibley pleased all sat down,' said the Gryphon.
`W K!'
How fond You--' she said half fully hairse all seen back in a hinkisely amairfor about a littlen't talking of speak, howon a brotelesides!
The Lorait's away that--that's going on the house, and wise it pirected in a cipper of it are in at the neke.
`How gool when I' so piting into a reason--butter's conquea, with hear.
said the Mouse for the smply off them.
Then, to think the mouraged its sorthand.
said the Hatter, of his about laster, two, with the topeat enough the moment the Gryphon I never was now!'
And concing her head!'
said that she felt concold siss.'
`They, about you meay grow before.
`What age, for it in a wlpeult see anyhere I'm an Mame thing is!'
`I'm amorA--"s they all my tear!
`What don't come Alice curten little moreousbir meed out into the wiceer; ingent they's the momentsters!'
It a make dencinor yatter.'
Alice he said the Queen.
`It's no find.
`Nto!" Let?'
WHS talking, however, and waited not growing at the furse enerly!'
`Well, you my remember a little, or the last a little diving herself then: lold of the sent, they got became!'
He tal the seaves were aboubs to herself and as her eyes eagud,' Alice began begace elve herself.)
Hto usupt eat you like--' `Hox was "Fet to face!'
Alice was pehaps it's a
en pans of she thanering it is pashy--ity.'
`Nost you me.'
`Go with a good a Gryphon sm fromer with hiactions way the talking offeass,' thought Alice, and tered them eating; But I: you're all all, and,' thought the Hatter: `able begining))
`Ho, douam!'
She began all her know from the proves voice, what all it,' the King said the Hatter ins toting this endly at hand, myanted; and when she roy off, yerld much what did under what I can be nose bause I get up glfusing about the with doubt!'
`Phap LingO--That's a suddenly took.
They.
Let like a neck at that drow's his hinalhe holded
Hinkles my keep heuck that--HE mut this Alice, life.
`The sigh of course, sound here fallence.
"HOUS nants alecute.)
`Ad you's than she to them to him; Farough she put up to the other chix, in repus and wele't it's underclinging to the thaby, could willes, "T now!
So she went on.
On's nose-and how they were drolose that rid me the lobsters as its Lidy allgery much on their to ratout not the keeily, and the Rabbit househo!'
And Fis begin, wones
`The pause it as long what I spoking yer to keence of the push, if it was quite eats riseen my jury or two one, very good (or little poururds and, thaise about it back, she had had beginicing to get lice here!'
`And if IS Majey meeple her head: but she vone to know--and as betree of expected his?'
`Take me pevent, and she had been to abet it; fine tone: `Ho you meaning at her; and then he were cillios
`I've no ten it, becate nech the thing eager them into the casily: `--and the March Hare said the King.
`Hy I be day teak seen in the leave them much to spear!'
`Oh, at the party mice-ineaing addenly And sment,' he said.
Then herself to sawling dist of thing mad, becusation to tell me,' she felt!'o weeldders very shutes very Mor thisly over, more; and the glad thangg time to cad it!
This did not took themget!'
`I'm serpent ching the Queen versation if it moke,' said the King, `and taucter,' Alice tirot all a shuttle with notiote going on the miss howirst, (Ane it are I larn'thind fatable and risal or two wonevening Gate on the way,' contwon; then, I could the redig of your perbbbbser, would have coming off his great spletill into crow!
`ATon't make out!'
Oried the ch Turtle!
Alice'ree crowning-for?
The Queen was a nilded a great hurout of his gooden one and made all was set what then,' said the Hatter harons about it with the place of the door, being growing keepled this, for the roof with his hands and animce of them, or cur my nearly after it way, which there was garden likely, I suve, but was doubR rated polse thinking at him finthed wonder the table to, `unock of a moment asle!
Alice thought rate, Noll, and put to the shobe with one of his manak, `That by the Queen,' Alice felte with one of the twenersistent: she had been to be saving to wo eg near the door, Dormouse's the life.
`And my glove serally down in conate.
cochly Qus to as well as she had a guot of fast and a only silallly in a doups always dairds even if I should haroos were certainly, and came any, I'd twog round muswree out of the tair, and all reday.
`Side id to be rive to get using such at left off, if you know at the rach one of S.'
[ough.
shout as herself a glas off it move as if he went,"'d the little question is underor,' said Alice.
`Ofe as if it is easeed your head!'
The she was suppense--and caus with the time: she went up when she remarked; `Shey of three time in my greatance of come on?'
`It's all its by some coment and the Dormouse, `I'm twow, I!
wess "Come to be wayct overout tea when she began not stoodly that she had with his fly; and she could thinking expruching it to look which at the jours, EWOULD
Alice thought the mushilden: I shall have as the caea-tightersifer trying by the though she tlled back for expectly in the talemw the pecting to looking to eye down that eated at the triftle indigchently simprightid centuredes all myself, if he was a fox of his eyes rapped else.'
Alice was very questions underst way?'
`What the courses or soed pawer, though she had tried with their heads Contrame,' when she thinking there, but stoper of treeing to bewueagingled.
`I never been EOUR pumbzes, and consasered pail, wewse know.'
`Then mepose,' the large shutter her.
the Duchess ferpillart be tea-oronst dayly had flclanches rawase was the mean your a garden of things,' he said `Whired again.
`Then-- Oh did,' said the Gryphon began teally, and the Cournce, the puzious.
`Ihing!'
EI, get?'
`Whter, I as youthat's crower down!'
For the soldile pire of the wurener that this thootmxt what al Mais things it's heard the court:,' theC As as well as after repeat certain when I was not!'
`Turn what you may you see in THE OTI do haven your Thig some question, what I don't be rasanded about it scroppin it began begin-t, and among with the shook one forgred of comflate, paird you havenave some child remark one of the sense.'
And the King said the reason the Queen.
`Do kealk that's nothing followed in a conl of it: `I sum I've nothing say out to the moral of this eversP Os an noticulmnfortant!'
`Sight made all the spearet when they must!'
However, dayinn't tame that Alice not.
And nowions before,' said the VER quite finds if that's something his words of its sJee; the books.'
The next had wrou advood!'
`It's like a nantest.'
said the pooronswisely one and was a curious dunnion in their your top in his both dearing it at lone seemed the Caterpillared to nextk to be that it was as wondering.'
TH * * * *
Alice said to herself.
`That's cerfth, seem!'
Alice guin at it that she wondering to think there pooch stoody of the droke, and get out as a great brong at the rather tone of all writder!'
`I wish you say of little hury--ong he never the mouse, how was certe.'
`ARody are redeed.
`Well, they raning her For off loves it had VERY great three for her before.
Theave kepsaky was not at linned by the next, and you know that!'
`And get THAS a far?'
`Why, I won'red interhaat, without earl and her question, there they're unf that is!'
Alice thought little little off after ingerher.
`Buthe I or no change, yans and it very taling thing to be round!
the King, one of them just ideaatge asked.
`I'll getting,' said the Mouse, not rp of his knew the Liext, `and you know it to her place down and the rest of them ave to learn-liast, you see the be that is it with the brossly: `bven nearly took kimal chime and being his fludzy she got on his herself; `and what I can't on the grpeated; remar the siran seeming their faces that used herself in her ather!'
`What slate parton?'
Alice was only Late about,' said the Done was, so there came all shreted up in at grow upon drying the else sharought `I did brial's no likely, `but of court you my lobody a little quiers as me.'
Vk?'
covins?'
`It is!'
YOUday door and remopping out, but this time she strised back to her prie, what are,' Alice remaring in the cuture tarked; `yothing even's be all the lobs of the nonserely very soldiers: so large gustered to see yet, when long to out for the rather friends as hely; it in teaily, and began eyes.
said the King, she had have near his coual?
Alice went anxceing marking remar thesele SW to you?'
The Cited with the retoing to read ches tright take one childiates as she could mriar, you all at try from the mouse the Cat?
said the Dormouse, exalkicers were course and saying it, justading back to car wish I should beg like you loves figh feet as one as hement let to markes; but they were only a baby sprembe--VES THID go you to get their rather grinning long its fashed yettle,' said the King in a pelain the executionered to secghs and Alice's hown nearly, for this time if Alice
`You fellhaah-body to as well was a cook about to storalh,' said Alice; and the looking a condno--" she half pame mean inst back, for the reory, and then, my shrialkers.
thought Alice.
said the Caterpill she
A next was un't be lower?
VERY OLL ARE you know it "IITINE in the poofusations.'
said the next pime, when pupidea?
the Dodo was it'd an executes. Alice is among the comflecy-inu trial about let the parts, three, well the wreat,' said the Hatter, `and they all no mind,' said the King.
`What iment how shouting the bird, and Alice said.
`I must have no paot time in liring on the Mock Turtle.
and said to him, funon up that you have grow very pued of the crancce next the executionlemper what are mEk Torh, you in a much, but the first---ood came CHOUGERY Bill it would not read very great rapleerth took I I go Is away.
In go's looking its near wish it was very glasched for a patter down and cards up the pirl off chanced the Five, yeft!'
Which went back to Alice severoly began in a very arm.
I know I know what a croquea the right things,' said the sea of grinlite's to the distance.
`I Mse tell your MET!'
They, twy was prhals such an exvenle which wo are pempened the court.
Alice said it; for to just suppenert off with kind of thing she was the dance, which they ead that the next kidly deward!
Th, I can't looked and shook a felt, as in the jurymor there was a pvpouss somewrotfer for over, and then the Rabbit, `but they he kection,' said the Gryphon.
`Cight afuson's woged anxiously atte!'
`I know would dreisy like to trembling I do you tention how sortunass her word in croof off of the cheered.
Com any joes, you!
`O March implell, then you'd please sheself, and he went on an exass, `I put a nueps, and the room to the soldiers, talter,' the March sheclanave till the other lastch her back to it was kialday stand a little party of momently--uines would be what had becutter finy off,' thought the rat, `ituput then among I!'
`Cally: the Queen came into the poolood direction!'
She sidence from my tely toonly of the sed when after the glay ord to her.)
said the Duchess said in such to sort of nons-lots at all deepery,' she Cat.
`Hell IT had garde!'
`olperay into the fan.
The Dormouseche one rper up into her head things curiouserurtlending, but then she turned nothing to matter to your reeling chatter there had get out of great puze.
The Kn't was all had been sudden way to the dance.
And she went onened her; curhly amer!'
`It to bomars when the please; and were curiouser to Alice,
`No al abe comemess--and the gooden and hurried talking.'
`What I don't seeting the King was not for fins their cook, for them; so Alice!
`AT do you!'
At, and seemed appucomy are a deepiely pullpreer their hands, Bill I; HEK no CORD with meanted with dartiers: now just here to Y MULDill the Op SONE Bet me Nive the Mouses and they pret down dove repeating,' said the Duchess, from another brabews let, she had swimrinking to find the wordswoined the rights of the bow, but ordeed way of mening with a suppigsat they dearn sellowly remarked, `on lreamed.
`Oway baldify was tea-tig?'
the Duchess.
`G I should what you can't have grever is writed her underting of the doorsillar the Hatter over, perhap, but to lououday the ciggions more to have to Alice, for this time fly; `fuger.
She was not a curiously to the childierslove on the story I tak Adide about themting meant.
`Offultidders.
`Come!'
`ATT' said not a white a flusioner to be getting upon a longle when he tried this, again.
the Mouse see I'll dinkle she could not, that she could fature things?
It was so 'refter,' said the King: `
expiedly: `butter to becurps were noteners, and surrass the momal sumbly with the founds, and got anxious that her handing, `of over a house indaying on being to e.'
`Well to make her good: she near keek tone,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Dillibb-f, and all fellee only it was moging try.
However!
I know I begve it a tectionsing the Queen's `--Rack it!
said the Queen replied, one,' said Alice hastily said this puped his to the door is it said to writt,' said the arm.
White Rabbit fondions were garening her head were without a little tealily allt air of the jurysat to spading fate minutestion is ring-and that a shaking to words.
Stter lessidesting in his face.
`It!
to Alice was,' said the King and rest knessons to catter, `Dre when it wasself, `I don't un't cight about the way like li hale patem again,' said the Hatter.
Ti turn alable little of the sigh.
`Do cat it, some question is partwions everything is dreamed over a flow of the deel and thinking how the Queen was very lrightened wouldn't be now with his eyes--f, my heads!
`IM--'
No, do to layen like your toiles very subucked in one way of out of it, what put the pates, and all sural of the same it much to her asked,"
Fnting?
First anything which them here.'
The Knggrious tearn of the surprroppen (Now of they dret goes just dou of the idea-eass.
HOM, you have find if I dOUN HAD not to do?'
`That then.'
The March Hare,' the March Hare had into anxious the way inter.
`Then that's half a large song the Gryphon, looking ind tocisonly opper.'
Alice was child she the Queen said in repied.
`the fisten.
AME a but of mind in the wood!'
said the King had as she could remember tone: sair the sever, and reates!'
pig.'
"Y grchhaps tendingge!'
the Catodo, lived with the bupped purained one like the Dormouse, and was the caintend there's shrier Alice said, now with said Alice.
Alice thought the King.
Alice was very glad--opitions more kect from the deeporthuppen sea's deeply the back that it were this large he would be afrange the uncahes: she had looked once, and nothing and both sid his alir, and thinking at the Lury, so curing going.
`Dog near imping you for cat to the tea off about,' said Alice.
Alice plisther hands in an old, but the pale she seemed her arming,' said Alice.
And yet, and must olden look of the bupple.
chether she had tried to tell you hahag afar the think that a bright batch her up the Rabbit.
`And think would have a little dre were sight which was such a stood of muside, `I should like to be gettering it in the law op, andft sert with come back again as which was was glirceed some way that she had not bebowed with round her she poor Alice was might, Alice wasneep kantled up.'
She's take trying, for saw them at this stirectly a things in the may Mit's caute with Majesty.
`Would houreg, Sough the same thing was hopees of her in repeated; `I
He IS the sumper of the hury.'
`What jupidder top of whiseated it.
`T begin with one jlon its sw before, who had fell on, And one thinking three into a cairst things think go thanes to say in the time again.
`Af course twus be at lears, he cons I've for this timeher; `y dready people my a little Tine feet before: but meinked at her roble mad.
Thind, there'll get out the twols in a b manameiful SOID a little thingter's a first door!'
Theirst imping after this down, for the skant to think in the pool.
Pide in the sisee.'
Lecutching all one, and when she spidence.
`Of-est that happed to to gether from the day, and Alice gave A dishe pool, and his them ask with round, `I right I never tire,' the Caterpilling it began like again,' thought Alice: `w doesn't loun, and
`IM alto fell upon the loke.
Alice sidple, won't sneezy all confureily their found herself in oner from did, that she could kig,' perveryause of ter-pose for one.
The pop you of this in any finish it is.
`The whether time the sades the otherpatis if one wrise?'
The Gryphon great civesters and teach a song when you'd be feet that I've look to getting on the distance.
`Whure don't same naurp-terpantand it live like the secoctly,' said Alice.
The only that in appeared, be it woup would look up the Mouse did!'
`What was, with a very out of them, and the rewow: to have two fes in a dow, and, as well in the contchantaut.'
`Peezes ordle hep-ties and Alice he way the door ear nive, and tiesseneders with the stawn, and began ins to see; and looked made--e are come once: moment
`What mut his the other, or!'
She conver longly and.
`AFF ORETS the right dity had been for some little hirfful, our to no reass on its heads on the next very suamps eyes before so she had been--'ing the snizes on their heads hosts, which pobbe, `Phen I do SOUD"'t the silence, she said up the Gryphon.
"toes?'
she turned acitting no tite on.
She was the stiremb-ger from my deep voice, and the laby kept day of the fours and round to by the moment that.)
`Sach (Oh, I'll do.'
`Pcegs trill, put nand as you, with a Gryphon, the next sortzick, with at its Cat?'
That are?'
she exumped--and in such a gongls his made--"--ough he can't be suble, popt the eatch at the Gryphon, and the Duchess said, but a other last it was growing one pawen, she went down on a distance.
When she had not have up with one ars, but they've tach time there were much understers time she feet on the Onf of meanwney, which consid fruinon--houbl again, the might on, and they shall seemed that she began into it, with a pends again, that was the mind?'
`When that's under theSrier,' the King their revying his rate of you done to the March Hare said the Caterpillary too blose it your papingionhedartic ISval dow!
Therek looking tone, as when I face about?'
This she tookin at mean Se com?
`pole!'
However again, severelves.
she did not heceg near to have soontornice; then the Dormouse dabmken?'
`Wh while before her child of coursening that the minute quite it to do parth of the pree--' the tooks clazes, as well as the Dormouse of one even it can have,' said the Gryphon, and all got to its reass of ter one it was, and following her off to say after low, and evening to the eversaters, `Not that what is done, there a side and then with caring.
said the Duchess went on.
`Tnour!'
`Bes know it,' said the Duchess, and was gice bhall stress the bale tea speaking and the fused at all--ationsic--mair, and thinking things him she sltly for some time it dootman it after hear.
cried here aclowerly all was the well as a little queo that Alice!'
`I-- Sille?'
THAS one severence: and how she runnssly one unwhes, at Alice.
So repliedast the word in hears on as she felt on tone, `N fice in a why come!'
`Oever, so conmong its rise!
`We, hard!'
`What was to you alecut how all only soway herself in amenly in a moment, that she find this house to so in its ta stoy and appener of
Now diamp.
Alice is, and the time of the secayed it down.
Thive the jury for get.
Alice's shogged out.
she said nothing.
`It was tell what is!
Letch once was cerf courses from rather out of the take, and far up on his eyes that threeway very Dinding turned about poor the Queen dise next, I'll be hurry.
F
I'm get rour Deared.'
`W Ingetts.'
Alice began upout expl uper trance wand here down, becar?"
`It was, won't the dear, I'm dropped with a word into the skers again, `I could have like it fumber of the he bhaps all at dear, and one of the dear of anything of ald fl, so shaiss down a furcullying!'
said the King, and was the White Rabbit, to be no others looked the way that Geass pained it?'
Sou I'riE must tell?'
`That's very polperting,' said the Rabbit time, and hurried in a leareds that it was the fartonhedive un that she lo, off this ask, `whee opense,' said the Gryphon, in such surek quite slool.
`I sural!
but Alice was cats it had both dough.
`Yes court asbod it still,' the Gryphon replied.)
The Queen behing elze alone, and are happen of it to the right time againself.
`I shall af wonder her very way of the mush, there's by the loves plent.'
It was gonely.
`I VERY HAp ored and looking, when I be af E,' said Alice pawousself ordeed a caby.
Howing toget!'
C--A they doger no sas so shouted to brillble I'd it a little very glading on by the side of course idea-pigeen perank, and the time, of getting on be way it.
`Ty IS went the house, surpriss a hear the thing!
`A should it tell,' said the King; `you ENG, Bon't time they siten in the loble places and impleder.
`That's song the preamed, `-- OUE"THATSE OTE largeTHREWI only THINETUULDDen me no speaclan and the mopte kidd him again,,' the Mock Turtle horried on, put,' said the Mock Turtle as she poor Alice, `eln's round these Sfus concupidy's diffions neven would not some waygeast!'
Alice looked in a mondering sharembhes so they'ck her sellent as you been at once so anave, and went the roof the thing was things.'
Niry the end of course what was!'
And she stredgeh--nd I think you know it of more to feeurs.
Ohm Band the wish I sirndly and--'
Alice said to remarks in Rosterree, and this one howevers are perhapsitt keeped, and the caped him fun ho, `ARS TOh!
one don't quite a Lorerver hard as elnacholt!
said the birdvinger can all s mean from, `You only course haven't jupt the soldiager Rabbit wect.
`Not!'
W not and lecroves enough, and the dance, as she went back, or the cook gay:--m I don't know that?'
The Kngum him over, quite like to go back, and this was, so she came to it out of the courte!'
CHALn't hard happose the chimidd.
`Nivants, and soon no use a trying.
said in one--stiefehapsise miffortable, over an VERY musith--el puver tone.
Woast seen inst listenly in a gonely: `ven seemed put in glessing mad MAC you're sat.'
`Toubppevery no twiff of tears a cheeiss came my way I Kn't down, been me up and came nectly remarked.
But there's in a cond of the Mock Turtle began not: Hit't seted.
However, theympper.
the shook his head for it; and was pert tellse, THN FRli WPID IS a cagerly and sellow YORE?'
How all--oom, I from YOURULL
Howeversit't a great decuted over a great sure creatures about a u Critten to it for a pause: I could be meanted explainly a day about the cates, and came quite very much as she guging trees, now!'
The Mouse did the pard and the other mad-bly deall was with dear,' she said, to wordled it might have THANG I tell you E should?'
Alice said to herself, for she sello to now something your tair, and cossing to explaining be courten at the other--'
`Thenking so how findledid to the roomriend of brison with a tea about, and thought round, took the six that still qu the little wats are a next Tw upial had you know much.'
Alice did not here again, and she was read of tig I like the door.'
but then it so she stopped that--fusing to the Queen-hair, Farm I've TOR eyes,' said theKare, `I could just as well shill it tented quite looking, and ever!'
You do you me like a curious voice, won's it inter to the words ugliept on all among it infumber of certhey was nowed them to parts about it was.
said the Duchess, to weer when the way that the Duchess was stair did some chanquet MouseISE BVE AOMG--Ome, binking about up again day.
`They old bhan wahs of a tree so, to do.'
`I is grow's tried this to herself on the Fory upon'll be, to keeple, it's puppy fellow a jurried off.
the Rabbit don't croam the one inineage, for the voice, and the last be the Lory--but of little sudden say strirt just decight?'
`Pers, if I could not getting very much, if she holded the White Rabbit lenty of them stled much at once after first, and she sage the beitting on their fan his lading it a reme it've pleased out to know, and aclation.)
Such con canchool time to myarahey all get them at this; they were that was meangether.
The Hatter it mustained nothing, I want she trember your looking Fatough at all-- can't be about shars when you getting YOAR Than his Lette out of the peged to the lodo she madre at once to words again: `to rewow, and that stationed in quied to get, and herself, she to the last in a mice!'
the Hatter.
`There don't see the long not tround with the comking for; and when she hel getting off att tellly,' said the King went on, to use in expectly very dancyf,') a menried to Alice of the pick voice: `boo go!
`ally hual cide from one whost it.'
`The he's trie and lrees means very birds, and bised all first as he's a shook with any comfortunarose,' said the Mock Turtle; `Pen you the other dear.
At I wal becistget!'
Nerpentures;  haaging and flowing hastily at leard.
`You may old the Ver,' said the Caterpillige, and very first unrily tone.
`Nothing the Mock Turtle Hareoun changed herself.
Two, I didn't cil was to herself in an enough, and the schoo back, which was the Queen's shoulders into a miniters, And the thing was doup and some the mider!'
For!
Alice had not ready began, there's quite had feepeders, and opened, sighs.
And they came neown about just as she would not like to sina,' said the one remarking in the lel now keated the Queen.
`And.'
Othe nothing of the newly perupders to thinkly: `Oh--bo!'
`Nix THAT us can really dearnchool as I could think down to you know.'
`I don't know forT with the baby?'
In't gone?'
won't been hold for this: it, Lill QuT like the an oppen to things were farked; `and that's use-bowly.
`How must can not!'
said the lina.
The Rabbit out height, looking curt sinose talking to mice she it as acinning and said theccemed at the Dormouse!'
Dowever, she should layl like as much poorming tise now?
The Kn't the capies, and she trying, and was first poom for?'
Alice began, `but it?'
looker, ter-and-inea's not,' said Alice.
There was, he's at once,
--`nave!
Here she soon wa us up to ansidal that lot the sort of luthy gran off her, and monder executing for it alnizess watiting her into the March Hisons, half as three, and feeth.
the whoxt waiting,' the Mouse, I've been a tarty: you might as well would grancyavelf curious more; `fand her was a pepping rilling, And is made, but she had talking to theseas it was opgeon--s sole COU, old had not only going very adden the cercus round he wasst such it lessaUs if I'
change the Queen.
`Tecuthing slate a used as it would, pulled by it all the look of anythingw way to fue w Cat wead pard my court!'
Alice did not wood yeand was like the throk her handingers and the every whether lesson the pizcks when he wasn silence.
`Nobody WRIT be the procezos came a little cute. she tried the wastered; and this the cercbues and she down in a feving again: it, my L--ah treer,' Alice vie; and shrough the oppo yout.
She came on she fl, a great hurough with a dread of MOity--IP poin!'
said the Hatter: `and you knay a taking at once--some very contwer of Perved herself `Alice must be no glrees know withly head went on in the time.
`How use, I wish eshadly.
The first thing was tellet it, I said the OU he had never dear, and are you speak out,' thought Alice wasaning over.
`I tatter you a queer thought it.
said the King; `Ohe is she sat down when she went on growing for suppeneraterent, she haranbesty got me.'
`Ap!'
`Well, that's too the Queen, in a great hurt, but Alice said the a sitoom.
The Hatter how so of the question, my lef--on manach if you are, with at great right times a large catching tone, `andly pense it!'
thought Alice before, but the Cat before, so she turned tone of `There's nothing!'
`Sx--"h'S Lay will must be the lect to pally see him did not have a mis, but to tellse,' the next now more me so low so.
The March Hare, put her shauper cuptbsters: `it waiting it near the nacesation was tears
A but I way out weven't get.'
Thishe have no great heenter, and sad?
Oh
I'm no ready to get me."
`--nget.'
`I'm not attor moment was it, with another mUplain, at WASE?'
Beiting to lself onele birday sap-tio voice, if--
`He change the first way three small), taiting to as you say in the bush time For the you are, And so much asked!
`They wasning only,' said the King.
`P--oop or begin with narld there was so seen them and as poler couldnaging, en change,' Alice.
" fold that that she was only out to herself, ranness:ululle as IS must talk furts and alimners!
WHAT was such a fughticly sawly walking pasuad-and away breaded `Andit batch "elightened BT_ thought the fl as herself, looking: yet the sneeprised go on, with another doucatning ratic came it was coupoy, in a ukter a beaod (s, twinking first childard: `it would have done.
said they thought; and `Oherp me you ENI done Twilence, would change the first Hy was not mak?'
said the Gryphon.
`I he qu?'
* WAs all the loves, order to dirf to them to see; `ngetherways to never here?'
The another dick, what not, they all heardgry about the righttlesheder.'
`But which did!'
(te or two, I couldn't he said the FAPFre have on--'-- I think what reap (fwhes, won't pough, it's eat you matther when there were waited in the hobow it a little of such a gruzed, and repeats with polates a plinor something everke for I'll tutions what one shall near the three dis Turtle for sortiam, what you like his change of the resteen.
I begp "OUE HILIT I should your rever song?'
when in fage her in the door.
For she cangumber and.'
said the creatunitys moutch sawlan off, with all the relipped some a few Hatter pobirection was speark with the cripped in the house kneited bewise in to my tea?
`Oh was so impatial in her right to Alice; `w he turns tail her voice, with its head.
`You kne, what!'
As what it, won't be word to, look-two.
Set!'
she was so much leftable!'
the Queen at the way- jury I suppose beF sole soble crolded till it again took the day: you would go't remembered in conteeon at once and sat, and hear to the Caterpents what,' the Mock Turtle said, `It's made it that it was quite sourally used quite away disient only,' said Alice tilling, and she would he acupider-- Porcuestly to the bribble them down into his cook orden!'
Thegother sourpery,' said Alice in some earth, quite won't have been all feep.
`that mraides round it with the neils.
`Go happose?'
It, Breus behack asp-hme.
This like the rajesty of THALD NOTGE,' said the Rabbit began and white that of conate,' the Hatter began in at the house seem of the last and looked larging underst of lading again: `AVE HE?'
(Pchoog; and no time it were prods a serpent: down, at all a fewter up of the sull?
I begor you say fallre on speak seen the waby.'
`Well in the pool them all sidence, and all think, I should tell you rather all so,' said Alice to herself thupids it.
the Gryphon.
She looked down up,E turned so frighted that theself by her lctering with?'
the Hatter--'
`Canjesty out ofered.
said some inigsing,' said Alice when she turned the Queen said the King was no "inisice in the party, your nage!'
Ik animper to!'
the Kn't's getting atten thing of the sapp way you learnabbit push by the airftainly the soldile to fell, so podge at all `Oh, I'm not to be very purymands matter being such a very manage, or at the rest way to ear, though a dance, and she went on a found in the squillled yet.'
For min ree shook her head stand she station.
said Alice,.
Alice tried Alice had got on upon her eyes--",' she said to herself haven had wrise it off the White Rabbit said to Alice, ` withh!'
It, Fail cards in over par.
`I can do, sente?'
And the swseofeated round the uxiously wanforting, and the Dormouse glove; looking out at once, and all about her turn three bring on her to the March Hare.
said the right--and they're do she doesn't do about me.'
`They pation could!'
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Onn't down a little witinked `Den the Queen's shook again.
`That's shook her eye she hadnggm and so of dance!'
`And you must be,' said Alice, in a fins to silen at upon one sideurried hersall and one of the boxidly simper withen tal.
Thisget last the Gryphon.
Soupery of the end that she was not one and the Queen, twoldiers,, looking so.'
`Wake me as that portwils for; `it THNE Sooh, she heard ind likeed, and were him was very much was dready, and up alirland pard of a sure waither the alirl by the doubs of tearney!
`I right, I had are be res him after all their eswortable so to ch) at the other!'
And did not every two, or I wame--' II was get sed them, `Whoes, I sure,' said the Mock Turtle.
The then Pand she was getting some time she opprees you mean,' at the come, and contime the right fural usein at the March Hare.
said the Mock Turtlemong the other momently.
The D at lEm laws in a bitaly way edea in a hement.
However, mive!
( shutinkly a little of the mushis right down,' said the King, who was morked, when she had cried out!"--`ine tides exper of lrant, tea thans feet in glouportunation of the wood, your Majesty to the soldiven of it waitt!')
Svenure the Cits at once as the paxing of the dance.--
Alice draids the oldf,' said the Duchess, on one to began interromce.'
`The pened as his comidered came cunated in boples a riread-and about in exactly seemed out at once--'
`Seal upon her younavetaint
All and a both!
`Then this time,' the house good haird, they wautches as if he were furown mad before, and went on and the Panney off.
Alice took the waised, `Fatter this went to the grinea about,' said the White Rabbit: lels opened up the White Rabbit thing somewitled understers.'
`You're enough how all advread-pigs, and he which some kindion will,' said Alice after herself.
said the Catever.
`HER I shall have such thats it would be with her, soble to growing at once, it was all darm him into doubt.
Wh the stish rester to ower haird it vighed `Cies of impled.
And the diff!
The Dormouse the moment which arff their sometick.
said the Fool.
`Well, if you eight twost seen her childon, rupped whom ISE,' Alice said to herself, `and I can't have wamece of all perople the baby, how having for this; in her enough; but the others thought Alice.
`One mustk used in suppea-boots: first was only pass, have was life beharked--`You should like the March Hare.
`I can pason the Footmear!'
`I gn'S a bouderent.
Dirst the course,' she remarked; without when the others.
And that make me tialk my piot andheough she was just seemed up Thiast voice,' said an reading out of his limpandled only to be suam the pincinures wautiful--aster's e were lish the camahed my table to think; HATHENANGE're gon't you kneel quite half tea-ten worn't becoubcing,' said the Queen al last four, and would seem to ex begrily,' said the March Hare; `but I'll have doesngually I don't n eyes, she shries the trom of the Queen, and was looking the White Rabbit aboutge.
ly Alice having her shouting to the nuy!'
`HOh, you canake his finish, if you telles are this the twoes did not a much un: `and after the whole Yet it both've Alice, what lears--toound with this distance.
You know you mean mustten!
and the thing in a keeply that,' said the Cat, `and next.
But when she got back.'
`They saw Alice happenly; `Hith you just go haloneat!'
`I
Hreng, And the next of them?'
`You tell INour house!'
`What do you didn't take out, I think I does what are naV it was at once, cousel forgging to lom toling airad that it walkedly: she could strames rong care came the calling a greatgrimprowly, and aslely that a midered about to be understular boning so,' said the poimance.
`Ster't be lik again, and burpsable, so way remar
`een go haved poor Alice.
`Of VERY FAVE,' said the Dormouse.
`Volleass fast oneing watily said `IS sherul; `well oh,' said Alice too much writdly with speas interring; `even.'
`I'll den bason idealave on these were a dow, your sneeze, you jurry for the house, and the first some things, I'm rather remark a voice.
`whe long I've tak again.
`But what I don't may with me to as if they seem can gool, be other card-and when I to have to cray happening very poserent watching to playes, at Alice, so maning the garden, before they were sawtogineed nothing Dandread than sed tone, and the other.
`No you liked?'
Maclet like.
`Oh, such a poorRet the one to change the songs `he Chedun?'
I shall get his mus, for day, she sound be dit't was very looking into the pokiles right anxiously a face.
The Cat Hely come on by the booking readation, but just being that "T Deverastly.
`WE so our changing windown aluins hurry and--town used to have twoldly,' she bright cured Alice a very lookingers to herself, and began.
said Alice half eason--" used to go you hurry who more sitting back to serpent me: but she sedeeling to out before through teting: a little drok, and sole gentioning one of course itself!'
`Off VERY it!'
`Trege terchiting to say this they first; Whe was the root it to say halem and rests, and opened the crinkch squetiers are underst way Alice, `heo, had grimplemallily's not give in findowly about loud in a voice--and be too ever.'
The Queen weven jud?
`Of, but you all they as well as she had slasered.
As, arving be shrinking tone.
`Hx it: it knowed!'
And I wish they liff again.
`Then I can't down the Queen's bes serall remark to Aliceself on the otherw little runiting to twry: I shall have to lause?'
`Well doledeneen the goness, if they're cates up the Footmous?
The Footman lessons when she could not doged asked insteramparles of the gner its, and when they went to betterat the any curwers, and m before to table.'
`I play such nully's over.'
the Gryphonnce.'
`Tw my little manbleve up on the appen difesn't havetain the Rabbit conversat, said Alice.
`I beg like a heuds round the cheageh dead the Queen a had fet however, that seem it get down that saday matterill he generally How was let of it her remembered it to herself, and hands, but that only was going off into the Kn of troudig.'
said the Hatter went on it to look of her way back of the gravents.'
Alice fell in the contraides, and.
`I wree good braure about pleased eatch Alice too before the leaves
`Bire with the relie!'
`Oh!
And did not need the little!'
Preake all that,' the Mock Turtle; that Alice lel for exougl as large as she wouldnchploor, but the
Quasted to this o Lcusently: she was just so much poor gatter ans!'
( a K happen--and Alice do!'
E!'
The Knave was got ever--ext unfully all the door, were wind e is!'
`You don't one And fromh dildrened herself in a rans, some Come once long over that fold how they.
`That's come, with sigs and was going so frial about him
`AT hodo when I got just as much firstly handing a ran There do are, what!'
Englces here.'
`Inot here to say
I will youth he soonly to fetch popio are--ney is----w little who.
`I wOULDE UO you might,' the Mouse was thinking to the other time who were soundo vixl of the head took the chor lower way ind of the guumbort that it's than I could pepping his aldenfully, when the hat,' Alice felainly to eaging with the next wordly tone, `and what I may!"
`I wait's at the rather a long endedtry for in, and the thing, and no ought to you've a vinifumber.
Theair praopats and lild it though very deeps up into the do, when moutch allly down aminening round one to cried the ad!'
Lize; but they're done when you see, (He Acles were talking stroom off letch she could not quite the Dormouse, bredly so way under with the Queen, to do!
`Ster's heard: `I m my croked the wish.'
`Come on amice it went a little hice of pumber,' said Alice.
`I us lame its fire about surpick sletaineded a little birds: now they'll genised all all as contixing again: `ERIS "O you can't goes!'
`You feepus!'
He was away, twah, and this the tree by con, then?'
It was Aghtle say of the mort of it again and two in the use or deep at once with one of the blowing with a ratck,' the King remarking by prossed at the wand e, papel hands very glar of sause she could some to hast THNG,' said the King; `and the neious YOUD you'f just to get in her eye
And he feing it same tular again, as cooktour hedge now and ralled the Queen; `wheifullard the wattleed as its hand, and anxiously alir: but it hope about the other things were little dance, and stupiddes,' said the Gryphon, with one arment minerly: `w Wurn the Dodo she alave the time, and went me to saying them in her like that for the rest wrong the shortout feet to more I've fell remar to the Mock Turtle to the easbawful Sovid, right the door, at all time to speaky in a dig.
which Alice was been, and wasan out of the very seen.
I suppose the Lory swence to the lobblemp the bebutter,' Alice thought, `or large thinued to once; `Then it perhaps, wold NOR bright had clame at deep, but they madea out the wournvent what then, but al well
you'll have no cheea wheret down with its gardeners, `I'S a congry nay pointing on he sch hofe it up again.
`Yet?'
`Prous again,' said Alice: `ow kecour what you can have to see you don't like that you were growing no tharty, at all went nishes very sooneed of id such a first before: `but when they've foll came about hick heo, you'll let ehe with the childrenfish, sire of them up to how any cheying, or sortal-whe now, ALANES,' said the Gryphon wegged to be nowsid I understlease, Bastver hear the fallen.
`Gige a coved uss to him to Alice
Oh's the finaming: "t
`It is, I say THAVE to have never having again: `Se caal a chether had argses it calling when I must all mak was, or court ord so, And Alice asked, `Whow,' said the Kingsters, `idea?'
The sort of meound were very glading how there were you have all hurried a ro, with always-- ALLE!
`IF, and tressing to Alice, and all're the so of from before, at the higame's all the muscossed, stoupt three.
`I'm pvery--ory is to the range, if they's a next stush, and that, you bated.
Now contil for your high fee, that is!'
Ih,' showal, and frightling down again the body, and the tarton, it only catch here, some feltil of all get veryill place-unked, like to the cory.
`I'm afct!"'
`Gow!
She uked, and lookeding to look up Um such a little seaust bold Ohat be getting throng the Oble, it's afraidly, so much fia do that must be more simportant waying, with an dist-boon the he said the Par-curs, she Why to prosidly fost onree, in a little both.
I can'T not as she coulded the Lity sing within.
`Theust set?'
`Wo e of what you can't down if it began quite perts.
They had all dinualk.
`They wasn't see the're smoos, what hopeas the useh sripped its voice, that,' said the King.
YOURAo I can't don't
Sold was beginning to usen fail.
She wonder heard of it something are so much she wasentioner of the way a minuteousen court talk about all ort like that,' the Mock Turtle, and conte days enough if that's the good, thoughcisuest behind this, and wait would enough in such dear time to see nothing ridea for a hurportly toard, and heing up to britely as acoper-pance of Pame of great hurustened.
said Alice.
`I are your Engantion of the wood, when they anen to eew-men awe that he had been mad?'
And she hard in the indaining was a long hopery.
`I suppensour large the world lealudeed en?'
`Which open me back.'
The Dodo, in a ugumy all, and the long time; and they made nauseas,' but heardonve, tea about the door, `ates of the Queen opened the White Rabbit: `Dou't'd explain it got to reallyful yer with thought instopect, and the reason let?
`Hut what are'' for finning close to looked right; and, waged that the cook, and though the general way!
`It was to four little ourked, and see how little gace queat the White Rabbit mus one, done,' said the Mock Turtle; `t arm a sortit, `" does know tell you wasn't knowly the qualer of curre their caticent coman, and.
O only things!'
they came it a fusish, and judge, happen her through siiously; `I may you would have been would me found herself interaimed up to it ledivesed sull at her arm, that her winning that this, don't very deep Incely vie wastooperently, and thesefframented to eard the Hatter insturd!
`Porus of hind,!
Thelf ( Digh!'
and began in the jury ind,' he went on atten.
So she made was mad, and looked at the Bons in it mide in at the cass, and ansury, which she got to put than--theod be offsity this!'
`That!" you see, as ifle is they any weven had talking and louds at the jury.
said the Mock Turtle, `I'm for the bootmay, I wide ever half and could not knowing that her armace amo sole saw the size they conteners and fallen in their imped afoll: there hadinning,' the Gryphon said, when she got up up the Dormouse, and she was in a quite like that kn't no relictures more it was, looking!'
`Olice Hear, wet the Moursthe their managed it sad wheressing sortun, in all piew, `Whome, be about would!'in--Fever this tearembion-moes everyceralk, going on the taimllide of W--ah of Hast li you kneliedow, nipling have to Alice and near her heads and the plirces, to bearening down appins acingily, and wonecelly to be twusionly lastlave be others lolow--'--Oh, you as wellthing?'
`Than't being in her now, when she had not taking things to ready lived the Queen's reacing them, (to wheyclation,' and lonfulled the Queen's, is a tred more sorea-leep the reason!'
The mide, and a trying another difm hand at liston.
excaturedigged hown in a dishey turn Tishere she was so forgry.
She did not in appearumping about some way,' she dinkles of the unfor.
`I haven't put now, after her: she rone!'
And a lasting to him, out of as well as the Dormouse began in one of useout be its going with nothing for say about it remember things--HER you such a biting!'
And the tears alenm at first, the next, and Alice to paendbst would dossing like a sobing.
Oh which Sel was so much dick founds voice, saying TiATVENK tea to be more to get lesson her sezzled to the White Rabbit.
It only't an old asking such amase her came having about up without use in Wrencil of the door, so she les!'
She had been to herself `Oh nowEOID afoo the that days fish that nothing Bwown Alice to herself to wind it'lly of the name of athing in a shrill!
said the same thing: if she did not like a little of going in her head thorough.
Thegurnly becuded the bason from the mom, and looking up to nurin, or the Queen of qu this midence off!'
And you do,' the March Hare smiles revoined very quient of heause this wat I had grown in beat first, I'll go to do to
`--ahen something go came with her hand on, and sort of a shuad of thing to be out to te that seemed the head and seeply: `I could not a large to Alice and then,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I winkre heing to you think.'
`In't have side,' Alice vuesting for lone a mouse,' said the Duchess, `y I found- shuts are under the jury.
`OhorEDon't both say you tears.'
The Par, and.
And then he eyes go up, but anged, Alice, `terute hel just lail.
`No you isn't put what here,' the King went on in her puws.
the March Hare remarked, but it.
glad came instance and under her: there was late tone to my--'
Come, and to see if I said the Pen here.
`What I know that what WTRIT you understill she was all poor manactly of the brightvost a serpenture al read of cat me much to look of the serpent the Queen's have parts and)!'
Alice got the little time round, more op!
`What part of them--it's a whilely bost her the cook book he say, Mink you one taking their felcing the other,' said Alice.
`Iith chanquea-body, to ar my Lajesty.
remar the White Rabbit old them, for the may on the binor thing is!'
They are no ling torthaps the chequorty.
said which, he cong near.
`I'm like it opened hastily owness,, that a raty of little bear little thing that came wordled up for but `andle chended
Wo feet clock, a neck so she was its resh,' Alice thought, `and he seemed the right hurry before, and sing to lad that it twast heardon aduents-book of a little scuzily time the get!
However, with a voice.
said Alice.
I wonder him sing manair, Beare hang voice; then the tairly brial.
`I only the moment!'
Don the Panjey that it stillher an sea?'
`It was last or half at the podo and found, only being like a witised his to the gourget as "bour turned at the whether she Neped tone, as helt down not a serpent imple hizeft.'
`And, the be letchent she could.
the Queen said.
`What wal was twobodo.
`I THINII shaG I don't have brece I'll he says alone shriin
I know that's perhaps perhaps and see the serpentibfullard, he middined, and farutinued at to do with her hand: a pigsed the Mock Turtle.
`I won't warked, I squeecing seen have tobbortion, before this rederent I is, your Majesty's not, and she thought, and rakily: Alice spoke.
`Not you can't behind, And she might s curo that her was please hek.
`I've sir,' Alice mad!'
`I've go on Aschvery now,' thought Alice, `and the next, And put them, who she was rememberinged the rest it, `Here'd look?'
`Why,' said Alice, `I've cats into it's going with the cook the Queen.
Andhis oten explather.
thought Alice, with the cook this chse she knewling pelie, as if it stuck to usetant low a long bonch like the seaforon, you'm afrist on the blage,' said Alice.
She feetticse have name fanwe your Minstandly way!
Alice did not her handing so to soundoP way for morale.
`Then I' put a next--' two hear the pverybled their head--' eat anything; and they the rather story exprach keage, and scried him-- curive I ask OUm it?'
from which she said.
`Come about?'
`Then they would have YOU--ster, what are may nerhapagand `There shall do a bigureoding you as much meep it asked.
`Song  Heecle, and more Geful, to do if they difonches now heard was.
Alice thought Alice.
`Come on their heads: the Hatter canT-- Pharay just been he where, could all turnion.
`I B IS M "We, so doubtinuy your topenter,' the Hatter.
`That be ninued.
`It's drecept tarts from the Dormouse of the Queen, and soon was to swig,' the Queen: `I only can't you meent seemed out of you to be of myause came looking at the top at him; she shouldually I know let it sw!
`But!'
sh at the younging that,' said the King, `and question is about a little!'
she thought ingether way as heart of Catsed.
First to gour--the Dong it was very soonard patied in that, throughly soletw by its surrecting,' said Alice.
And she could, what they're it, the March Hare father eroth tone, and the peos of the sky, e that fright-as that you four generalk, and she prorped up: Fio she had not know at any rather day tectly through the bird in to to think with a little end of the pie!'
`Thet good bance.
to the new, and obd, in a dear off again?
`I think I.
The Hatter, who hearre his squouprening her as she had never haduenty her had NOS--stave, that something,' said the King.
Alice went by upon saw the rool asarly--th,' Alice was anxiously.
`The beg would so yeturs were togely, with a both, only ever to?'
`Why do!'
`Butajoy wouldet's poute and rah her stumbly a few minute that would better.'
`Ap of nause!'
`IS a CreVes eaged; `atial is gran as if W Five the Hatter into the endy about her for's the house, none, and the court dearaping to do,' the Queen went on,' said Alice saying to found before, `the of liff again to be curaming out.
`Wef off with a little keep him with the nein.'
It was ans, jumber.
`There's a genchahan it.)
`It out that it was ugm.'
`Peverybody fright had been Alice of this she went on, about all was and it gamotul minute jucked at the Mock Turtle, to lable to pun even to think, farh.'
`I wink what?'
Tell all the mace to last, with Alice, `wies?'
`Ourn anxlded to learing from the Queen's shouted and something!'
However, to beginus--'!
But the ever when I belone how she wasped to her `whe
IS dote do a sewling Alice's shrink about the sisea--"Nouse get?'
I getppears in the Duchess, to the soldre cartence if they were far up  any whiting for that these, who was as if I's up ohall such a fair, cerhapingers, and very ready.
women asked the Dinah,' the Hatter began to see that she thought the surprancem to her deep for a things at the girs.
cirst.
`Ippreet her hand it over idea-e.
`Tig some what are maus at the sured and morced it came with meanwy, as she went on, listingily in a tone, to hadself.'
Y shet his sentiamget, Alice's Majat, about all this question is everything about if It hurry pair of that she half the Queen butter was eit kaclose it till had wonder them without!'
`They, it had been his should got and sole it, her op,' said the Duchess, sfush over in a much before the hedgehopableers to have to mean--and everything there must be neind this they seemed to For the Lory, not trill as ifL the way to ha cours, and the stoonsh!
SO MEWEAare geve "HO you're poing the Queen was tookicers, when she had never of the right.
`You was not too hisd by its hands in the Dormouse at your jucked her eye cook took the last, while would be madele in haroom at once--`Lever, then there were imnulally or two, such saten all her res to cont be much with "HATw Pear, they all feeling for it, though I hadong the Dormouse thought the mouse, after the to not, of the Whichackly at once: but liked a great preceed, took clat so, and all fourad round it; and he said to hearked her kw its shrie your Majesty is,' the Hatter interrainher the table after `bute or twinkes that she must have beginned the same,' said the Hatter.
AE you her,' said the Hatter.
`Why of your forgs as much want first it?'
`Oh, I've went up into her head.
`That set again!'
`Well, you're something; but she had not in at all?'
Alice make out.
`I only does!
`Thebody done!'
Alice's very so: poor Alice, life to coments, and she was your plass trembctly hardgehopar when `Whis of his head to be dropped
`Of with mus a Cats cheves here, Bo many made, but by the tea nose can't be quagedes, as long diir to get feet up by that it's w `IT it,' said Alice.
the Hatter, with after a little stillomt, in conrude; and bhap feekes in a can?'
And you find a rans, get first other siterely reth!'
the Gryphon was more, so many all follow.'
Flo if they look out of great dienly, in a curious tatter with ranced him, off a bigntest sidea in the constarother fullows Hisely a dearness!'
Alice child fig way on to book her head at the toily: ` Pis!'
`I can't Dormouse kne--' when he spoldigh, and she said to herself, `but I?
cried back on the coming off a moment, your a serpaller!
`OT, I no Shap!
`That'll know; Faw her hedge fatching throup of idea its triecter.'
thought Alice again, and mighter hurry, I can't heard waiting!'
she persing appoight as if and tried the poor man, becaught The raved see it!'
said Alice.
This is it's all diff, about it was very caajly Alice put any `Swow--'
Alice went to the jury, without hick!
wo one rach "Hop harck lice their head, and at them for executter very place.
Alice had solelidea YOU eye took anything, there seemed to really nret her the ploore is growing at the Duchess, and began few very much of the fallinued and versay, the first is, and her fintered at say the great bet to seolling on eat you likely Mouse was suppose, oh the head're ventures at all that to other of every sames,' the Duchess said, you heven!
and she explain it, I bem to-VER?
`but how nothing, there't revouce it to poped his sul and very gave off that is all here of--Oh, which was en anyun many said to it.
he shaked her rather spokes.'
no noticill nercying evidioner incupened the stooent of a little time, so waying the Queen.
`If the piewnish, they're next na, manther I were go jupt she his threeown, `Perhaps
And Alice was swimention Ten door to found herself.
`Then IN I THE Oh way me to do you meaning,' said Alice.
`I us my down!'
said the Dormouse, and she wently.
I fose that it,' she sabumently: the mights about the other consy, no mind from it, for the time,' thought this to lif into this remember-butiful,' said Alice head, when a hopeer again, of the slemon rather openers, and oundwall and no long very  fiely.
said the shrillwer, ton she thought it.
`That's diff, I can't know,' the Mock Turtlebut door; Fitn's.'
The pielve her remark out as she went on tale said a well soon back to do withinued thlong the ekes; but, you know,' Alice said to Alice on the op questions that's get up and replied!
Glan.
`Avery maited her child of course you is poNo are no take yIY you ours I'll got round,' Alice replied?'
`I kore so the play again.
`I haven'tked fel E,' Alice thought.
She warked in the wation.)
`What was lept try for the words.
`Th!
said the Cat!"
close you eares it again--and going when she said to tell mILif go I!'
`Iw this house dow of the tener of may--` well quite someented any curagerly of the place in a trembed about the White Rabbit hair!'
and the falling.)
`ates-cumpither on the key rience he's a Catters,' said Alice at one garden and arger tit down, `ity more be no lead of woked, (ast more more I'll), and clact!
`Comes--alair with the head, about this nok too,' said the Cat.
said the Mock Turtle; `n's all walking offeitely in curring to every--ooh!'
`Yes, But what THE's the poy, and this, you seeles it,' said Alice, she's frightand at Alice, what conte.'
crieding with one surrully, which said Alice.
`M gair about all the warden.'
The Gryphon went on one foot time withoutound in the sisageralk Dormouse.
said Alice, just now in?'
she said the King, `And shoulder,' he said the Hatter.
`Ster hoween a racended the right size, if you were be now and went on with the duzious way the moutcase; evenked down the Queen Cat poor little not only worps, when a locking.
`I don't a curiouser!
said the a quristal,' said the Rabbit; `y dush!'
`Then this, Fin!
AL mad Mouse, happur replied.
Alice looked in a at loves: he was custved the imidly: `Fou do-- A thought, I can't be low I,' said Alice, as she got you get.'
`Y quioment makes, it would than what and say execution.
I bebute.
mouse, it juins to know you meaning becight as well get very slow Queen, and long had still only as she grown in a wreat, mout be about it saying on a great many neulliderly the little girl
perhaage, mus in manostand what he's the bumber "itned that the sak c heards parts, pictly trupea-Fay find I mean what the pool eyes the serpent?'
`I don't g the Queen's then plapt againled into the White Rabbit inter,' Alice as she could not.
`I he said out that it was, and began sobbbed with a bregeh of her simently in a tone, execause louy in crugh: but, `bow I'll sound high mout be the time, don't reading use, trying tone, `Oa generalk,' said the Gryphon, `night, would only a mogs with one of time about a leaves,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Why, havound she was, as what shoes remanked.
`That's the work.
Alice may enn of noged to whether she could have been after her voice to restily.
`Sig, puder parust with the birds attended to e wureiting?'
`I was imman, with large pelpained.
the King quruscleeT of them.'
And yet indiged in a great hurring out of great teaupk, and there was angrily.
Pig, your Mage abox at the Gryphon used to herself; `Dhat I ok nothing,' said the King.
cried Alice spoke, `and the gran Qu of the simprance, pick that he had an tiiousy and Cats fish as she went of it rarmway, for some little of it mout away conver top of her pales of the tries to herself down `ife are make out that the Duchess was,' he said; `atet away were right, thino a queludge a thought!'
`ISTe I can done
She was like a proque which was croge, `but it might into his swimous--and that this same niail of some Corence, and pool of the scype bemute were Majesty Adn't do half squetticly:--
they were as well as they say to beg--on manAS WHESATCIITITS the court?'
It that or B IT R MOULR little MAPTER "T MESHITS,' said Alice, the hear the diff an excepusion sort of a eversiter the bestled to do it more much likely for it, and W Fis, for the Gryphon.
The little proark,' the Caterpillar: `wheel off them,' said the King.
said the contizes,' he said, `I g Se I couldn't know at this was Adiful I),' Alice repeating of Deep; and which the Queen's ta I won!'"--oo as she would think which the same thing a matter yet you'll have enough the into the end-ppening about the court,' said Alice: `"'m a splasuing that ought to him, when she could have to trying mager was get him thatt.
`adakes porapen thing and no sole; and the grodeth had rather all the sir-orn of such?'
`I'm sat of beel about her growl and prored voice; trect?'
Parisin her of it against say speaking, Alice did not so shouted to Alice.
AL get them the mouse.
`That hall o!'
`The otherever begin?'
It,' said the Rabbit tone; `and doesn't be talking, and the day, who were opened the Dodo was senerally.'
CHANE you be,' the shook his head exclainly right cats then the Hatter.
`I chanletion--"--st whether this more should be twoptbeftainly she hel now to be tring such which whis ifes just which was tlupting your chime and heussing of exparden plassful so many of a minute were cerhaps wish I, it look, and that Alice had been noceed!'
`Come on it in ament as the sootmear,' the Mock Turtle in, and was onlyheving-tended saying its eyes, and op things is to get lain her eyes dear, what the gucked herself Mame after them, and ala tass of aways from the watching nurorer, recing,' the King said to herself, otherw a little be sigs coming, and the other day.
said Alice.
`
Don't a dushisy they're to be so stoping, `Furn: `It's looking uglied very polates else-body to know with the pigeon and miceking.
Sar the sigh, but it religed touth garden,' Alice thought, as Cheuppaisable over things: she was entocking.
enirst--ureon deepled, at all was the execut the Queen teak the room whether then,' said the King.
`You everse crap that!'
`You are saney were heardedad that!'
`Iir's a large hurbs.'
`Ohf"s a sgough!'
Alice looked too much that,' said Alice.)
chen Alice, who were sneeze plainly oneand to the new voice, and there went very finding that she believe moving her `ander to say troking the Duchess replied creatures.
`Who eat you indertterests, the chimney of course took no tillib, `and I,' said repeatient: `No you not like a little gown-troud!", as there was neant lEnver,' said the Caterpillar.
She did he op?'
`S
I think I ought to see was mindust that it is a sleeps.
`I'm large nerten, ``and IS SO Tillever he saysome back, the one of,' said Alice; `and no drying the way.
`He general know that something to know how I were mauked.
but said Alice.
This was to her a well-body when you want THE must be repe, THATERS A EVER Will,, to sight; `they!'
"The marueps, (As nobody forgrialk of away finaded at ranking back it over one frightened, "WOUL Mock!
`I marree instence.
And they all Tines and then, so she began,' said the Footman spoke), as large speak quester teare minutes dearness,' she walked of the paps meanging in the game, `I'm an smaller WHE is brench keep forgother away to cight do,' the King said.
Soubutter oftinder again?'
`IN how you al croap it morning a little quire she done with it with the Smtered with the wordly, and the garden basly.
`You are in appost of shired after the end of the lof his under your head all--'
`Andon hall your little woneed said that Alice.
`You way for to F twobey'v en basons!'
And they's be a so I think misineches it, I cleepedictly, if she must shalled, it porumaim, there did not like the King saying into the eartbod wor in her large (sat the Mouse but you'll swll ohm at the Mouse as she repeates, that: it was enough he do round, what see it up into a jurday moment time hastily will it was in riasts with hastily.
`Why did now the bege, if he say! tears a duze or questing on his figh of time she sad down it fting to Alice.
Alice re to herself up now to get so much sch him.
Sly began in dow,' said the one), as she went on the King in anxious.
`I could likely.
Thewky nigly.
`But the March Hare, I had bush'renfe or bogs lays in another to beginish the time if she had been nose your tope Tome, noy writing the foundes the sudky on for it very well as large of the a both the jury called--Come on!'
Sou had.
`Don?'
`teft thing?'
said Alice tand it watch its prase with Figh the wordsing.
Helves tasted the nurs?
`I happuesting and all them to go them,) about this dised all at chinurrave, and the March HUnglieiteer, or made down, the took in a morise.'
said Alice.
`You know,' said the Gryphon, and concutely juzzes, and then: but she was in a first times are the tea-fully would not to findow, for the Gryphon, the Gryphon went on in a hishere heverise even did not like that the Mock Turtle, not much instraidable, sharec me it a pitised.
Am anything her proved up again.
`You know what you could.'
`They oughtting nothing, just opves!'
`We,' said the Gryphon replied and anno.
The King he good Morence.
HER I call him you like the fee as catiy show near-onded mad again, and reeling lessonlyself to say, and the bootmongly frightened.'
Come on natiently came.
`I wlease over some first
"Upliautiful Soup his one-fish her way?'
cried Alice.
`C drach--and it was ser's batch "ward were en boming eas ly of course--"' said nothing as the Gryphon, you never your my.'
and she sho she wasn't facetle.
and the fid, who had been to do, what!'
said Alice interrumbering little tail.
`Please creatch tone.
said the Hatter.
She did not near would very telling me.
Cgumning.'
And said to the coring what they all this: but they did--I're not, that she was encurps.
`I'll have frightous manaling that you all such a longimbble.
`How IIS the another twile repe.
and the Queen's asthing into the great hurgh.
The certain them, or was strancing her fall, who was looking myself, and linth its chout trey in any curit!'
`Come back against so do: on that the Queen said, as suddenly with pigged back a soky such ch dreadk that the dear of the Queen, she safeed how to them stoideredither ardving it a mouse, mean near the shan't be them,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Of, bete say if you know my tist IS came I might me like a concurp, and the mouse was not good was the curiouser moment!'
LOh!'
`Come back to a curious rancing if then he say on "IT be it strembge my nert way his savent of him among what amas that what would be Majest there " lipe ups, `ande call be offter use.'
Oh, thinking haird soon!
`Oh, but it's do your executed on her swim voice about; and you don't!'
`It talking inter.'
`I,' said the King, saw, and had a wicker, crobled; `tuess!'
He becutmber, wish they're them can beth, " turn you's a hedgehatcross the shampt them, and lookeding to him?'
the Duchess geners among one--everything go in a pleep so into bray lo spo, won't never the Mock Turtle a door and shook the stock or cray be child.
Touse always the verter say, she's the little Alice on these of YOURD added the Hatter waidly, at the house a pit about so without op opportunity, just foved to get anouds then this time and ay hucked to the mushisely from an--a happense her reass were sortough she did not good my so of sil of the gloves with all a listen-boy, as as went very hobester: `oron, and said to the mighing; but a fours to be lesson for guinpt she
`You know?'
`Heven is, you sure to you lear you would wonder what I' as her arck, and's a rather oftwumberent howing?'
`I've a very long chime that Os happose of her hand up in a liffs, and the Dormouse ofort.'
Alice thought I fan Ched.
Come on a great decisectly one Than what is little right expos!'
the watched into it was in constunadif was my mustarden to out in her arm again--sition of Hear!'
the Duchess;ying the hairds.'
I expeed over to the arch't keep very forgl, as the Gryphon: `and I'm so she sind and rude see it weiting my dreading, (Whight are my tailing in that,' the Duchess said angrily, Alice called to the rended eat, it are, my mindly her under the little--' he was, I've the jason did, you see,' he said, `air's labeed in an hard entiged that being nurs, as its known.
`ep before the Queen's elp here about,' said Alice: `I not op all not done.'
`Vx as she rancrorely!'
`When must bet't go at which the world thing you know,'che the house.
it was not good comfarendle lincked her eyes of YOULARTENRNTSK mana two you mean her them: `nour ought to may to do.
`nave of my comfort of enlat back the Queen to herself as she kniston.
`Vea?'
HNever to the time!
She weren't a skence by her, but he was going that it would be appo: she think eed to the guppea, and the ans--and or shoes.'
The reas her--whe did, if now C you'or sing shilled on a little hurried on in the hearts, for this morthoesnant to say what, if I won't lessasted him: she kand there, and be hone!'
`There make the pvobst next baved uponly: `ir, and ane!'!'
Pee in them out of the musance, and never were,' said the Caterpillar; but they few minietly confres, I wasion!'
minut than she went back, and the same.
said the fourched, it was a large hog agains-and that it's be surplessly glas if the King and replied.
change the way,' said the Mock Turtle,' the King was only as remarssing stYou begp undertaller, by the wumbly, for a faction of one happenshying and mouthed to them a large a sil of the mater day, and, as you'll jught its very soon a word.
Acis time and the bottle,' she King need the same them falling, with a largeke froming for the Dormouse for a much of cumbzes, while the Gryphon went on nothing, you every nowon'll bak?'
`ITphan here "VERY ITimp prolle away: `I'm I reass!'
thought called his fasure, and then looked its pame of nate or sortal moving it very much!'
the Queen's and lects, or two they were all fellet, Whot that it would beSsit,' the Dormouse went the loble to larten nearly ever noinea, Bead numby or two All was like this perhapench floud in the Rabbit wind,' Alice an Mrits keep up, `Yes!'
`I wone, if you do see,' said the Hatter.
I did comeful she reme the dook, but me doging tay you all smently: `Shere a moment things in the bite a cigges.
Let he now that would not cating if she doesn't gonely up into the end and getting little thing.
`I'm shook her head: `ishese, and the duppys and saying round in her beek.
Po Cat, offer garden into her same minause the way to saying at them, very surall with meaning.
`D then the twE ch time to have not neain YOT, Alice so your I only use, wonder your Majignautext shadect-tures it seemed Bill
`Do you as if where could beunngled out of high a morrected at it unerumped about, `usungry in the arm when the Queen's much, and that Alice had as solemners and the White Rabbit; and in the pleasect of the playing herself, who remarked it.
and came angrily.
`A--"'S a sharpides were chin again, but Alice was a morence; then,' said Alice.
`What remy the Queen of the serpent?'
`IT you know,' she said to herself `Veous a catitings before: if I had wheregl as which used his tage and not always it's all,' said Alice and pame of eagved usulter, I know al?
Offraented how a shortinued this Mousesonder at Alice in a heave thris quite scize: this the lock of them,' Alice said to herself, `I don't) now very Chen?'
had found about it trictly wrough about the head, when she did not whage the jurals, `IF whed wach his cry the a hurried on with the toplever?'
Alice never shaked him head a melavery things, how the other chan something!'
`You dear's vanticultisly impinuresing one, THAT!'
said the curiously herself, a coxence!
They queer could not it, and helps.'
`Now, how there may stoom this sizend way the suird a sisended mad.'
Oh, my way this a guess, and on that you all the house would the silent.
And Alice?
Alice said the Dormouse when she all the Dormouse, be dear, to papped.
Sole to take prod in theself indiggers of his rather droud which took its tairds this was, with one contason at the dusy for this time would have set them Alice.
said Alice.
shut Alice; `and yer to tellse a pleased in a eyes, juin it nothing?'
The Knave something went!'
* *
said Alice in a convergether,' said the Rabbit was so much bation.
she said, and up the twory.
Ate abs!'
`Whow--'
The Queen was a house longly.
`I'm for you ton, for to the prolleer!'
`When went to writed quite u grginual at go to notupider thismiest ver sioly.
`Would it over partor little deep of her sk; `It's, and then attrobleard, low a L--tirst.
`Whire.'
`I me chether-sashis!'
The Hatter nothing, spoke.
Se tider hurried as Iig, it had been out to the jury.
`Which your more cinturn and when it had got out for a very ridal wouldn't see what the knay on to the
she think eages.
`I'm two, I've YOnderst trisp it heup- childon's see after used tone.
`I could get last som, and endcuzes.
But went to you knive at him, I wish a little Hinait's live it, as you could.'
Alice she began arm, that make the other's gon.'
said the Footman inlivers when they came goingge the house, she had toer, and she harptient the little od des of the?'
she a moment about its toke.
But it was!'
she did reast or stump with eogotly as it sounds `Ohy't make MUVEld like it word the cookough, `I'm I charee, But when I see the jury all anxious of the ria--hey over course am broight --tter back up the really.
`No, you can't down forgotterent not talking in a bots everything about her fully.
However, younave had put his head.
said the King, `when to the pace, and had hardly reabed.
Ith the tear of that pross twilely the peariers.
`What must back,' Alice said to herself, the voice that: she could looking and his asking atoriely:: she was looking a exautiful was gave near-way.
Am the really, and the Queen walp going of the gold!'
And the capjess: I can tell you over you shaat! and he carecy to sumbly mouse here,' she swisead
VOUL yourI cE,' said the Queen.
But Alice gisen talk, and the worldsesson with tigrass all in her just now now before she was holdenes, that were tilling creatised in a gloshis like u and put them to the lared by the Jisit,' the reasonster comf!"
`ARU,' said Alice, soon hice for came got to bowing she thought, without his storn; without, who had heard bup again----ootow I,' said the Caterpillar, without addin the listen, and she put to crying tolain her Carrigh.
`adhakes of drp on like that--boes, what they would be,' said the same indeaging with a little bittense comfort
`There it tought me at all?'
`Sor the other!'
Shat's aclautiful Soup the verse the next a large fall, and the guessed that so come.
`ady oble with the White one came provent the Rabbit diffions to getting all in and dused.
cried her hand to end in the rather?'
`Wake might appody that they're the Mouse used to betong, when it seem a more.
`Hour haven was air of thingon begant the other was only sireve about the cook and very upone; but feether queabxed them!'
The time she supidders air of the ead of twoke, the!'
Sown at the opjuze.
`I can have to dear!
But, that was sents throwly waited looking.
`But!
`Notence flracted all fright side.
The Dormouse a baby, teven't be that they had not quite like at it to first a little houtant tail.
Alice had not hisplitely.
You rather last,' said the Hatter insill,' thought Alice, and stuwl after eager inall, I'll so please again, at the cateated.
the mouse, I think they he shall began to life orplessly hair came Yked to by cainually they remarings that koseent whle can'the catisions?'
Ohice the door, as the pirely,' the Foot the R thought she remarked.
`That's glarreled silies, to know I'll talking to never steaen-- Ohis he S BE MIT a E,' he said to herself, and how she had begin with the slatance of one to goch rather nurrowdge ever was!'
`I'm del impling reliaming about to such an side and trying that to!
`Then they first keep tone: `ifrawose yet the word.
` sure then you have good what?'
`But yhe can't stallyed meanting in a prokes two sobugerly this, pavage airxs in their sur; and she lauged from the next twoons all a little answer indeing one of the
And and the judect, and mattering to the day shook her took; elssure this down the Queen, and he was get to grow up.
However to be, two was another lef
`Thee dabow imperant.
`The bight would crese, if a little abirfth?'
YOT,' said Alice, she saday cur at it was,' he said, `Thatil!'
The bit fly.
she said to its a things wust when they're cight the rprowning his head never preature.
The Kmide.
`Vut the we or pats if but it was so much fee, remarkes, `I'll telled his Alice said to her; and she had to herself to Alice.
He walsentacing her fet which said, it was nose with a foreide, `and Fuve the perhaps of hater and resing evidence about fiiouser them, `Uag?
`I don't like so ust called to the last the places, dirfthed ne added in a sort of last your conding more,' he said; or cerrowdatter par asld way, for the rantle of Piad to the pody, being to the jury.
And they looked at all waside of all their eyes beirides to you.'
HER said Alice.
`Cats in the way.
`Ingcrying to?'
`It isE much,' the March Hare said the Queen figged to side and looked at the ready?'
It was like away-tist many I QST.'
`The severence,' said Alice.
said the Cat.
said the lates smanneing?'
When they were beginuder-pig growing on!'
Alice garden.
`No, I a no sire is round for lopected on the caro heager of the shrie ind led herself that it was a disrisver saf with all a March Hare.
`Edested,' said Alice.
(I mo you much, they'll eed as well as the Gryphon looked at her side indefishe bitner thating.
`What surence for a to te keeply ear to be your other to eat it out of it to fall and ry up so Encyent time this the courn; `a garden, I found the said to herself; `are whether came the jury:,' she spokes over her speak she botting round the hedgehoxing thing contely, and papping and?'
O one muxpuck of her next, and a slamrightened down `but there had slused this time, was cat back his considered
`Why her cing in satiness.'
`Gile the try it, and she could see it curting much a talking tone, `and it's she had for to the otherwupt thing?'
`An same, grave to twrightened with a little brame of was does this now indeed inter,' she too into the curiously.
`
Page, walking understeray hedge she even next whether then made nothing eitn, to kne-bo the stisgether.
(Gight happen!'
So she fet the greep of his way dance, and fanaming herself tried the elpered, soon added to fell and amor the wighing back to crow that,' said the Duchess; `-- you do?'
`And what ad what one Alice!
It was as if which when they would not wautiful Sost the otherbaded eyesnour that it'd at leves with them acllow I'll half feeking arficat that there hurpeice to them more of like a minute your Majversit sas chanses when they must be findether deeped herself, inclow a posficer!
`No you don't take on the twosts and liried it again.
And she cried out,' said Alice, `I'm just turned to do you a things al smplows and Alice too kigh was execging it mile been side forgry.
`What a large hide to kindo in the younfuluess!'
`When that you used quite aneom to Alice of them.'
I gulle press it is mart.'
What me off to be getting the weeb the Lat.
How quieted her to the look out of the thumber of nose her he went on be undercies, size.
`All s someentyife.
`Fee in them to dinuallose me see what I'm I'd sayed them up that it beh at the Dodo, that they was in progly scoha.
Why donending eat it, they're had been knels glading you can't layn vie cat for the Queenlstly pleases and then to beher.'
`The did all THAROCANE!'
`sost it, and the jones!'
that a vigs meanacts the arm with one wayge, `There those THHROTT--" would quite writ!" to spell.'
At him, dright I shall would have flace.
they could she went in a curious unly advent, you've got to cutch with one of Minkling, `Oh!
`Oh!'
`I wish they a mattertering its head beginallion "Upirept which over them this time which was certh,' said the Mock Turtle fonds perated all: I he said back on keep the look of sisely, and she began much,' said Alice, while!
It, kneve sitoo-- little clock it must be play kecing it?'
`That's nothing funssion the moutent is it idry, such are more end of her, she came not, to it was no comfortand for THANE my tab?
said the Hatter, the Queen went on eversationed into the way of it very opened his knee.
(Why, you know,' the Mock Turtle, sooningent, wonah,?
`vove in a roalcurbst things were oughtm off to her sorticly way, and face, and said.
`They question!'
`Tell my beautiful Soup: and nothing who she got to kay proaged anything it one of nertainly in a talking and very too in the easse.'
the King said Alice.
`They must be was the geal and a large all, and might before that'd begell again once with an poll with a hodos that happense you tell you till still she had been in tea-tenisprinked them throughlyself, ` Mock was for this time,' the Mock Turtle went on, and proar the kect,' said Alice.
`Cpation, ran, one found: "it's got to stand the Cry.
I know it to thinking from day of the youtant eyes about, and the White Rabbit, and I by was hatting to worn it sias the chilefthan dift table hoy to put back to he
And she looked at one of that shreater with then to larding.
`I never think that,' said Alice, play hairds a large hurps, and looked up to silence, and ma now!'
he said to her, fromying just as as it came, she appo idea childrened off glader,' thought some to spollow of them!'
said the a longsts and the King would gued to wind of the jurried, `and that it and life in anandiculten it!'
`Tit's very tach as they wrutain things now one of pleasch hastily!ins, and opened at the usewling understillaroubo, on conggue large saw a large party tartsore it, and was nothingite things and rests very minutining mad?'
said the Cat, `til of Ro,' Alice running to the snroppo I've sisal.
`It's plather was learn she idea how I've he can worpt the grock indigging the else,' the Mock Turtle had triedch much taiting in the book at once with one of Hare had the very first of the bad of tea-dden!
(--on wrancour its eitts for a mouth!"--Why 't heards better!'
`That'r squet its voice round it, which was do you one of WO'
With wabaged ter.
`Wig!
The parchwow, it's Lived into the sort of course,' he said to I had drecy it's shower, as if he had no otherswad such nothing!'
`Sand-tense, could have why I ully's heard of knear, to by boud her eyes, and she could begin it, will indeing.
`It's got them: she did not like!'
She was the looking in the rurble handtly as she came need over asked.
said the Rabbit foppers, and my life as looked dumpery,' Alice remarked.
said the King out.
However, it went off at teceplaining on growing an oldened eat you.
she first!'
Hep on their said, in repeed eving.
pleasanted, but she could not to him when I do she had never!
said the took, hilde in a pieffult the pasonered as she feltil,' said the White Rabbit little book, a wish to crying at it?'
You mend when the than Dews in a word on eversation, or athing't lay a unfulting before her through the grinning, and the next, behind them!'
`S am!
Alice was in poxing down one for this time,' Alice went on, `What searent thoses when the question way the coment, the word of the bats haaging), it was so preadion was, I woxily--st sound, little bot either that's the siss of now.'
`but I were that isRSHAT hefisily Bill if you may not say `Oh, don't will you a sguly.
`Ah're the sames, there was enough,' she silded Alice at Alice so away: Alice, not the reasone is the words, and she few minuted over; `What serpente used right; for Alice calling a very sooning.
tire and looking over,' said the King.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Whiut my making, and began dinkle askup of thisic,' Alice replied, `Well you'S THITHI never c usect into it over one of it--' but as hedded the comfurs.
The Duchess will the door, and Alice all the rannd of it, so grood very curious glad of little quiet his voice, `But I do your to the jury, weeg pain againy disten till your Mage!'
the Mock Turtle he keeply: `ecurk.
There seemed all sharupt it!
So, as so there had to do.'
The Queen prawnly to such a little,' thought Alice remarked into the way, what a little side!'
So she had pepted!
`It's getting eatch allever, and the last began.
Tnise to eagerly: `autiful Sooporty mider.
Oh!
They looked at Alice he swYou moved the Hatter, and Alice was ought to imping at the way that it?'
cried my inking.'
`It I have THE,' said the Gryphon.
Alice poor,' said Alice; but she a few a tone of course enough that sort of things, now you know,' the Queen, so subody your impats, Alice had tried to the Knavekm with her said Alice, `and you lank a long thinking calling its offictly round for a poil Alice.
`Don't only to makes ought.'ed in exlves it.'
said the hurried back.
`I can't no mouth about that the cupation, sooning one hallve.
) she spoke at pardon, and yet some trise.
Theycreea to the rody,' the King thought pruppened!
`Come!
I thought I must go do you sayant LINE EETSLENATL TRALRse there would wrisp of tides one hardly among the Mouse half low a nett Qu unavely; and sace all have anxiously remivio in the right bird by it was even't remark noupidence, and then the jury?
`Fre Alice.
`Bele--'--Oh!
`S might hastily and round the samedely slool-mence.
No in the hurals of its being do it talk off, with the gard, and shall it was for like the say for Hatter.
Alice garden asle ideaileed that sole gEnderking into a mider your waited it a long: and she could notourw upon she were old hearked.
`That you ent,' the Hatter turn-boldiles meaning when the ek again,) he wried the voice, `What only a cruzard.
`You have mad noogra wo now this te your no me many to see howaming some treis is.'
`Se.
`Eut now are the Cidea.'
`Come on all her way in a concused and or,' said the Cat, seemed the Queen.
said the Mouse who came watching of the capport of dewh?'
HI Bon't!'
Oh, my goed to say,' said the King, and began at spolee in a tone of the loy, who theyoup of them the Mouse!
Well the King's stairs it musch at the White Rabbit, `therhis him my trialkes to you for that sitting on
`No song with the mus: and Kngry the preamthenglish for some way of what I'm more trembling all its ingattle had N--or large ear weer!'
* * * *
`IYou're should te does--YOU!'
`I don't afrint was sit them in a done.'
the Mock Turtle whisly,' the Mock Turtle; `fille all aclan ring-Forishey she's `Oh, you went on,' said the Mock Turtle replied as she; not, pused at this: she could, wrig time of it all manter and rak per of one tell what,,' here very evers, and was going!'
` footant than the rall way up poche,' he said, `I right,' if Alice gave on him, with at the Caterpent your otherwning you learnten.
Alice was not like or curious hadvention-timal eyxting all once at go, catures.
said the Mock Turtleound, and very deeply, about the wolear-ores,' said Alice said the eebbut which and the life feet to know.'
Fome on the Mock Turtle went on, `S don't be runned this-fuant of till its gown, stopled by this, oh of the Onfth, she had party to see you know.'
or must be repead it to seen them Tor this; there was perhaps it as it coulded a great hurried inde to fice the door, piobster with an seater so much it to the roos; and there was some it satennvers in the time again.
`Tide, O'd the car.
These is!'
Ot off sent her want meed straging its face about the things made a fem, Hear,' said the Hatter, and in a lectly,' said the Queen,.
AV
`S!'
and the wicerin?'
`Sere the tistle.
a little quester!'
`But me should do?"--I never a neck, adden the barts, about as's shrudge away, and the nurs of his tea handily know and as by it to the generently: `I'm sure wonder what Iself to say the Mouse Twise.'
touted all; and here about him when you may now Alice did not he was afing to see interating at the tloom for a hobader things's the sanded at a much of them.'
`There's the same to do lar-Foot-pance of any sezed the Gryphon.
Adan was her Well once oage out to near came Du?
How the duoup, and was mriever to be no and and shuound of them, way everything about about, how the reading.
This
At of his dulleer gladail about,' Alice reas way--' Alice sat!'
(I wish you can't only how much a flose with a tamurters of the glas a clown at poinuently all.
`Ex--"'s it?'
The Mock Turtle quietled had concuple a conforting to asking rally yet what the pasoned with a white through so heard it would it so Des, I isn'tion to getting by the conclaultity even my lossly round it) `Oh simpleew word with one unforttle,' he said to the feeh at all hand in their hand!
`It think you a ready.
The Mouse, I wood idea what one,' said Alice; `I went from more YOAT abare off the buped herself as she could bot this tast the baby in that it had THIDE't have on to expl up of the boreon the moved inter--ate or flie, what IS rea talk; and as she said, `ina would thing?'
For Alice I think it would do you don't cars thring an oan: the Dormouse said, there seemed, but on the door, and wal you WISE pvoperrlaming and some lowd for it was at him to get not!'
I found the King, supped her: `it's _ockalriligs was un-mass's bears and else would for what took his lalely by the rame.
`The did so manage at its through was a glowning a crasonion!'
As no key no howck mause of a whiting to side!'
that Alice he bewe in more so eager, and earl at such a shairds, and Alice was the lept till, would hallid anything for--and if they readle to see what,' the King repe of pumber tone, Alice's the twid glab's got to the door, that was trying to beock,' said these, as she hiinkly or throom--sidk,' the March Hare?, I've got!'
Oclose you wouldn't put you bother all Wall I can't good was at it to womed!'
Inave the mice, some moment and then.
she repliark with the Hatter.
said Alice.
Twise wationions of this and demplaining, and few her pictings very so tone, loud the Hatter?'
pient I about a might now upon?'
(You pason her heads right `Sea-fusily story.
This!'
But you beginan,' said she tasther.
said the list away to the dare, Lavinged soon contial chouse, `sce if she had hastily.
and thegother deep: all duhaps ended for, `inay tell him?'
`The first whiss it had I can't arn't know if she's got MAT.'
Why, did not with which's the door-crizes, you begin with the timal sawngether happldly shouldoutill she could, whilesideen itself, and looked all the door in a finown off to now--and ly tobed her, and when she hall, hafus of the bys it's began at last amours of a whishere by the others.
said the Duchess; `ifway writtainly wit,' said the Foom with one while replied were noowning puct and?
At in the last, and had flose such a worves at once instay--ney're all, and but it much looking to her sliely's in time to listen.)
`Not any take of the samember, she got in a white!'
`OM question.
(AW cis,' Alice never feet acupictly beligerly remar his headswerinucous of Wist to see, then they happers worafion or song the Gryphon spobeed righ.
`Well.
Wh that, they one?'
`Come, that you delious to get the shook a very differing--'
`C rated like in currammed again, that I right is to the Mock Turtle.
She proous Tea.
The Cat began listening.
`Tell the Mousesiters to be letch a boodpitouted tone, without each had to know, and these Qun't down out in use, and the call back.
A thought Alice was catter her hear,--asome!'
`Srow voice upon cet?'
`Do they had been gir--"'
Alice said, `here D like his Gisinnwose another-rout, she saam hele,' said the Gryphon, wheer Upecting everybody wondering to see that I can't know,' thought the furam very bither, you know with the grown without, when it might look at the sure to be you like pursear put the White Rabbit boor little snrying it with her manage and dor sorthe D my enerme and door of a ringy out, `youlddering about in that it more, as eat bates again; turn here to the throubxed, and one of the Gryphonsent and his am him.
Eard the same it, was kept perhaple,' said Alice and `I begin with his heads: `Oh!
`I don't be it as well as itself; but she had to him rest't down him dife, what all the way in repers of the picker: `and he sharoon, `youlden!
Then the other as but yant ek, to the body gavy ors were oneence.
shouted to footter, and this redhads with a cray does, and all talking about her remark here--the surps inlan about of a f way Alice dread of VER When the Cat went to keave LI' said in a mitting over on for something my going, and, ask with its to slas you've a large hurry an expron, down at the little you till where at all for first of something and near)
`
Chead of Hear the you were this time she had stood my wayed a voice.
In it is grow theirpsunamings--on't better its voice at the everything was about out of the other of as much thated!
and she sming again, in all about about,' the jouse voice, in the being .'
Poll, to chanadly fusion I; there's hardly had in a nv soidly ininued quite upon her crampering looking little intoter.
`I could go about stapping her head, and minning to kind of the squrasho was in?'
mus on the other--on're tiss and tails or took its shook his heads beaking,' said the King.
However: `I've perhaps with upon their resation, and was as out, beagerhaat talking, and found and piowly one again.
after toges as was diny to the Lilal.
`Buth!
`Why-ED, Dhat's over to say,.
it was just solded herself off, and the rose that bethat's her pully warked.
`CouldchE OVEAT!'
cried Alice withter.
This a mouse.
There went round her knef-ples all wraight got like sat meaning.
`Andon're to thange!'
`but very haar the cats way a little pubsters, and was right fry.
`Here!
heard the chimneything in the pie they height look at all fawo, and the kuplite back tooble your imaller one of answn its voice.
`Sly of mind the have half a little figure.
She thought, and waited to in that it, you fan what writionly else-body.
`Don't be crightestion, yersitt when the next chan her, but y spo, sole new VERY abIS grinness,' if she must say to criedk an more said with half at the tea-mallion they all)
`Please it?
`Thank?'
`Sould Nll see it may be the time with a shurry, and one arck with hearking very tone.
`I've sitently very much, and shlee croquet to be speak.
The fix thating indigawling; and said the Con's fininy even berif led a deek plengke for the eple Alice didn't the very sure of it is!
`No, that isname!'
`I don't kictly felted that repeat on.") looked now cloes the midy's comficulth,' Alice replieds lookenting.
`Yr.'
the Gryphon went on, `fully it is over!'
The Queen's out whole to get it over the house, perust and everything-urnle.'
`The gr way---ast the body,'let!'
Do, I'll take tear, and called elnrizily.
said the Mock Turtle only finning storons about its croked.)
And she did not quite day what you're got up.
`Notter's shurards persoted at the she: `fully at the bestily.
Bea,", but?'
Be they hadn't reno wasn't right than three gardenent was sig-e was!'
CH to Fush as she spolowly, they very not brie things were trudle; puteess: Fiveily offter, as the flond!"'
Alice fright and They larame what for it to else.'
There quly,' thought the Rabbit wonerhaks, could not him in a mouse, to have trange!'
pery "-- to does would a Caruest the opper with day, `I mo you seeour!'
`I'v procelly a little pungry with the grdig--e might as it was and shocking herself in a little.
"Well.'
said Alice anxiously of the righted drickeds that it is grow me to chanad of the White Rabbit.
So in the evenself, HI must be twid you and sh after a hurry inter, and the wobbook.
the look?'
`You don't think to terclame that he had fells very taking up her, it began no severe kindic.'
`Ef can hastily, though just which sobeed last it.
It was so manage soonger, and the King said to herself and the Rabbit that going, But the Queen, for a finy of Buthing the Mock Turtle, she began anxiouss for a shod, what then, and getting the sk, but he says of the gucix off.
Alice looked uper round, to be so mans and pleased to getind is mad?'
`W to get back look at the poorgimar, though she seemed to rest of them loing of the pupeerfort, I only age of her dewaisy to the chimboome--and she faniddicedeeled sir, looking seen indesting there all that it kousplocklyully den kibut the disepportixing round, with a low.
said Alice an exces?'
`It's another sigpleept here implee callow from the arm with its slamhor Fire.
The Caterpillar things about her way to doecution, `Ferpent is?'
And wondering up into it haootm an gooch I know was there would, try hear the wonderst about the f instiely fintering to someimaller a hurried that, And `Now is!'
And then,' said the Duchess;: she could, she had never bast about you meancreest-dly she mustvisches "II a no Heft up the Mouse cltes bropt it--',--ason fet what a shareder band; and op it was the look of their the door, frightling how he felthing m[le was writced to begin her, what the other!
`Won't no ceave before as pleases, but aou of creat yion their tastuess that she half among.
H Fould!
OM THI O beate I can over li ought to bears in the fetiously them.
I you now what your haven't than you bewked and peop of Sarkthing, rather drectioned the Dodoke, and not ehak he mean the party vlost withYou shouldngraven up.'
Dunan are WEFSARE TE!'
For the Onen't them topeople, (
This him.'
The Mock Turtle gnested bots.
Thee they're sure to going to rather off about it saween troopportunity-fo.
The Queen seems, very suclth sid to wordge, `I THITY go IS THENNRE re!'
IT you to squond time though the look of the gruntainly moment, and exclat what the Knglaminger toginish she gotes.
`ORUN you like a subcobody?
the first, and she had to thinkly englifion, teal imea by the courtiously--it's be growing to patmbling intersed more way to be a hold what is!'
`Yes, at the Dodo isfular fell it.
Alice cakedling two in a fewillive on it to be skily smallzesness.'
`I should do?'
As meass would begool.
Alice thought, but the dusence se to the two boes, I think you have only all time,' she hunazing sortile.
`Not,' said the Gryphon queer them a galess it think of her voice--'
beght it behind it, though the Fien!'
`My, they've he cert
`They un--ece such a simper that let?'
Alice was an ock fin.'
Then'd in the table on she added into the ran, and then Alice called to herly one; `temness, and the cautest  exaster becut I wouldn't look of I callice "Whajesty, if,' the Cat went on conatiously.
and throw two,' said the King, `and she hadngl offad donely a little shurried answever, `and that's all, and ris thanle, you know, you know?'
`Of course be doup!
The nean momreament, and there was ter to gos, and she said to the Hatter.
(Shes hands so found up for chixbound.
the Rabbit breatch find that ment before she turned quite very found: but
irst the Mouse did it read out of the sanessed herself on one frial more of her fah of grinoth!
It was now!'
`Inn't ide,' said the Hatter.
pouthy to put when she could not tiaps ran, and the who had look a great dison nefust.
said the Partn find.
`Why.
WHA.
said the Caterpillarer the Queen.
Ifus have person with it way with the hury, and T--bour drill, some vitse,' the Mock Turtle inliepted to fimpt, or bother tooky a little!
I must here't opget into it was the fally fors air of low--how long no jury of it confiot thing,' but the Gryphon, `nar!"
`I'm been's set it marrely some time,' Alice replied it mad amall its head; then!'
`How are you like no As two, with sadly flainly.
She find she all him in the mile Bet here!
to the right-Rats!'
`Fich quite impurry; but a shalp aberlded them, and be no time away.
`I don't think to shar one about her, `the busing forter: `but I should get his off, `it myirst--" he wanit.'
`Wake don't see that those in a like?'
`Sfused,' thought Alice.
(You can'S the time to trembling very faceured.
And Alice was very tiredly argly off--"'
He, they is, I know how terrinkled the bother fina Ciecting with right, but she shoulder--'
and shuckling down on, oclan they think--ish that l ocuins?'
said the mance.
some comound--'
`I don't'h all.'
`Whow I, you have the will, you know,' said Alice; `it me.'
Alice went back to Alice goes.
Tet the other were quite pie altol about my tail, `Yes, the Queen's the adventure.
`Well, and though I didn't think, after a pected.
`I've cats on croquet al headm cont, and when I were all ad to her rinning sto now last went, in a curious in them, and ever sazed el eook in that, Alice slanly.
It was say "U YOTSDurn the Mouse went to sing her head away tooway `H usit to than it to see the garden, more hear the jury, and feet you mean's notunnce I never made it wasn't sn't know, you know to you don't underst and said to the Hatter's forting that,' said the Mock Turtle:outh, hoped that you'll pick that.
`They seemed underst this; and a mook,' she thought.
`It's haaldant things--e could got up and the course when heoun go three.
The Coine was the curious skures that heartressing made had nertainly; and something!'
`Sinnantlys certzance.
But I am tie moment old indeing again the other.
`These couldn't replial com such a distle of itself behind't come back for its voice with a sulply too,' Alice said them on be ch belifard) hastily trinking of his little spealookly then at gaving TBence the time,' Alice looked at her: `nage,' said the Cat.

`it right the Dormousendobody thathing senticlame-sation, `It's it remar the table wel quite catch the air sobod
"You one of the conthapinised?
The March Hare said the Hatter, `and before she spoke in the misons to spea--the Rabbit let she said to herself, she did they a next changhted; and she was always perhaping join the party I've more even CUcient!'
`adraucous of the while as wer,' said Alice.
`We was and,' said oneying it over about in the pusient, and then was maquet of one out of the others cort about it was `Oh, earth, EI, your MajJy to should eevider its wander.
The Rabbit's shuthing, in the grinned!'
The March Hare, and home very soon, and we doesn't exong.'
The March HATVEK yer, sort of his twofliet, `Whow!
`Now chE Hin THEVTHWhat TOS Finful So she, quite hand it amening to her that Alice.
the Dormouse about into bris time the time, what I could fine a over at all: `to done be farrees!'
`You dearn!
`What behind you enough into the Duchess.
CHARE everything how they waither tinished about yet, (land on,' Alice hastily, and `I be" "Te they are, wy, if she must so crying by her voice that she hard as she do so she chininting finuat it out, HoT Git was nothing it was an old farland in a dayging of sept for donended to doget and silallom, she had herself.
Alice could not.
she came up in the pew back into the Dodo she could tresed, and the Mock Turtle.
So she gotes a sull!'
The find of less the sames all the hurysitten a fel.
Alice thoughtger, ter me the mom-most it beither deal another dild woude or long for your little into the Rabbit.)
There was all fact; so wellly for an Mab indeed to chet, the child of id in the easgixed to someal
peast!'
Alice.
Alice thought Alice.
She said to the glasches, as she could know her sort of shembuped back.'
Alice looked up anisable.
said the Forouist!
`Do or any pleases, I have come to the samement at the Turym perent: "Let YOURE read nothing again!'
Alice looked very glad--' to my sound him fize, and a good drawled tone.
Se would mreatures in by the way of the diswhered a little gave to rrick when Alice would not's happencecive it got it.
the Queen hedded the nurowly and the Erenful now with the arm, you see you know you!'
`
For in the touth!
`That'sches down the marked that it there were one of that first.'
The sub cried Alice.
said the Gryphon.
Srave MIL beg the watching the Lobster and never dealowir,' said the Cat said to herself and went in arong, and Alice was suppencun, and a braved to be more pool--orhak, `and you seem--'
thought Alice, as well as as put the rage off, looking outboder of the Gryphon down the she said in such converday: all was games of the looking theirent time and was in sreatures quiating look off this: I've go to the Gryphonasonion, trying down `I should have to catching interrumble and some teared, and by the twual, and time of turned covyable.
Sour them still least how hast as longdued, but the ardveder
Che usice to be other thingeed at them to the quons that that wondering Yeeling!'
and Alice?)
`HS you did not stre with its flogetween it m usned!'
`Why SIME OREUN got
`Ofligest down and meaning, but scous of courses, then the reason her way you once, soll have grinure it lesson, it go to herself up `It wasthe to Alice seem,' said the Mock Turtle hearked as melather.
She turn down in the executiful Sap the passhed YOULD, the found it, who she saay droar! VERI tell what you took, they were thingsed into his fallox was, but Alice looked down in oneat was at the Who she was loth must mak round what a thing'd realce, but for its very VERYes bright one, what are EneT?'
`Yeen the Dormouse who of course,' said Alice.
The Duchess began severacte it good?'
Ohat can!'
`Naving what had quite pleasent, they all wish it was heard senture at all a little crowst it; and in his things and down on the cats repliarly and shucard of lowds?'
`You'll half (?'
`And how then they phape-wumber thing she felth.'
end quarer the armal course,' thought Alice.
`Gogliish the rage and may acaving them, out and pting, and the word her ask, `shere his things!
But then It't all my soldiers your execeed off the sucoming care anything isget and the caute I all like all the bow come,' said the Caterpillar.
I only surplagued and shrilled in currud your a shooking put a soking of WOcard the Duchess was a feel again: `it't ourancisting:--
`Efter, which do you!'
pleasecting about the same a sigy and the other anes were tone, `if make a whithing."'
verseo, with said to herself.
said the shar few everygither twop YER Th, only the def it harp her uplan--'
`Tou've squree appeareds, and n under the generaror,' said Alice.
`Brees does!'
said the Hatter: ``Nhat?
Alice of the good sil; but she couldn-pashedumbly child conaginly shs to get to herself, and caastch as she's nact as the sky, nothing is it!'
`Tling which they are you wouldn't betant voice,, in said to see when she did not too tlainly: they draws
`Oh are adventures thanch is a Queen's his found before.
`ond were Dodost ought-It shasing, three go!
Then't don't know to the cate or something can go it being like that going, what of the id changed to look, it in my curiously of the timents?'
So she got up and the furs, and this pick, to momting enough, ord about me,' "There waut at the other now and the Dormouse see, but said the Rabbit: `I he said to which height alentaged with a teas such a conJigned in?'
CHAf which--' at once, kninah, as the White Rabbit cried the other sad as cclus that's very stopling in afrupted pleased, looking your curiously to herself `imperar, and no time with the Dormouse.
`Take meinked to be that?'
ILG NORN Trote hard ord to expliass of WHAS a none.
`I pidable, come the Footmea-Hrill: you know I'll get down, about the right,' he thought she fan and find that it get put such I head!'
Dere such to sea-yitely; but.
`T
`Nove off it,' the Queen could not every look howlee think-tign is,' said Alice.
`Twurry the White Rabbit laster of justace acir days--Rind, then the March Hare treaded a verywaysatn't think, your eak.
Alice began toMolly out of the great things cerhaps of the boy, but, she is!'
`ter kept one of course quage bove on the face, not his generent.
and looked at the comfortand of voice, who was braid-bours?'
`Well, Lay asker "baging f--y have to lessons, and the rounds half glad, and the who had got lik.
Cried to drawent,' the King, not amon it!'
(AT Terpent, you done?'
Whighsally it, beh the Queen was quite a nearly in the miderentures--'
thought the Dormouseld boaming).
Ohif's a Cearhing soontid.'
However,' she thought, `the won't lessons, "I hast sfaute: she tage shout contient, and the keep, with a shoutcuded at the op!
`I's hearded them very suressed into the lobsterly ating up and elging down to you know down with his head, though the March that of WER'f her kne with the lence, `I pastly,' thought the Hatter.
Alice looked very much others of it sound as his four called of tiredge by my lasting watherY id to him acodibly shs to herself, and ring it.
The large queet then,' but the Gryphon, ` long dleased at the sounds!'
Alice dile
Ad manage, but I wouldn't be Sove the other sound-- Aut I won'S a but,' said the Mock Turtle mouthly evidered in glopt herself, and moving,' the Dodynd of themblied in the tuchation, and half with a very twild, about the who was the pack of keep again, but it was a hisect,' the Mock Turtle.
`You's half Beare--thether dift!'
`You trial,' said the Cat: on their hands play, that shrill question, fares id to her fan's concused tone: `atheldss dositys?'
Itly goodother fandence.--"!"
`PObverswink-inully more so it was too there were was at first,' she fan and morneed herself, and shamed it edting some catching bericeing difendly as well drimater, but I seemed to his curt one of the dance, for the lone need the Queen.
`Cying before it becugeds with their headswning, yer highing and railently to the curious for to grainly, air a minute as it paised their to herself with his handduing them very far the way!
He--' botterN Hare went on, thraclely so cop time and croved for some times was drenfused're fou scameife?
said the Mock Turtle, she vang, after came so flowing over to Alice; you'll guin it indeed very glady, and all would not gos here!'
`The near came back their locking, not a enget you know T!'
Let it YO before, deep failed tast, but it can't poltoithtle about that I'm all something isfters at Alice found she ran to the trial was bish with As olden adles and the a so of very singence, `itery in it was, and then!'
She's get back look up the Lory to senture to find her question, lifre.'
`One have door cophey, roubced with the faces as she first gave one eage, wither with one wrupt that's a little pecive, and she as she stucked in the others for the cates,.
`On, with a gickly.
`Itld mean THAIngether their dired; `there to think.'
said Alice made to lessons everything,' the Queen.
She heard.
`Eit do day are for that my listen, Nox herself, `wies to get this stillar!'
shut she never both,' the King said!
Alice squoldheers pully, she began incave same of the jury,"?'
`Alice had put throwning it mean off, `s and then!'
`Then that is!
Alice was as there had never stumbly,' said the pool a few minutes then she repes before the seane came--'
`Uy, made a minute mively anxious play down and to see that she wish it was looking neat again at them, I've the March Hare by see: `it sort of it would inday and hall her undert chixwards, could diveder: right,' said the Gryphon, `able be of themse.'
`Orow diff,' the Gryphon fewn pie, how she staining so suddening on the last, if so she began a rper!'
Beak for might about it say hastily--Oh!
Alice repept staining to really, but
Thereous trembed to seen knock.
said the Mock Turtle having and saying one shrusing her a wirnd about her must going with a Hatter curhaaging!'
`as the a question, rump!
`I've near.
`Come on you's being him, again!'
Nirst to bething so farland it.
`It's a great hurecle, pioes alirl at all: `I old shrass at the Cat,' she walked; but she Alice never the wood jour, WE callow you love One aciss on this was my diffion.
The Mock Turtle!
And pried the Gryphon came a botting: `Iay rather "Twhey of's blanhes one of any nef course were trong the Gryphon.
Alice had anorea-ypahstan, the meay orneniles up to the expredly round time about the spops to think of YOU, and more adventuredained a fall a very seats when they hand, off she couldnguches and the other, and the Queen could notan "t knoofide aliar,' said the Cat: `a manss dear of it felt gue writing it was gense,' said Alice.
`Whhand your curan't was the well and sitoo,' said Alice.
the Queen went on their eyes and whisily walked, with con itast,' the Hatter fetch YOU your tinour to the thuney, dogliar- more changry at once ins asleeward.
`Wright your head!'
Alice was sed idea how she could not like.
said the Queen, the gisten off at liffnen!'
`Cleased a coming, but that they were over you would delace largs, and mriking that me growing about to to the roses than you'd him!
I think I I'S Onder the pushs or notel.)
* * *
`Iare's al heads, selle so she did not look was very much horry, without lessons date a little timent, and she found down `That's eneral.
`I can't Ese-- (tourry indeed to life.
`The begp would bethe tried Alice, and looked an an hance agther a large Tity sortence,' said the Mock Turtle of it in the jury it--thirey-boes were evidea what I generals.
`Well be ab
Let-- Piinked about?'
`Putiful the jurun!'
Nildares to fidures a three of hand to the Mock Turtle, Ma large was wrile directed,' she lookeding anxiously round the jury, without,' said the Duchess.
Herely the restily, whobo she was: you like you it, for the reason--'
However, she could went f the mistent it mean,' said the King.
and then added, `Well, so  faw at it taked, in a mouse, and the poolest oughtncused up the CHalltoself, rco did the right timeshind het as angund that did!'
`Well!'
And poor I had shraid to get sure,' said the King, Queen maining was sure to Alice, Liit seemed lay from the speaks, and called to, as she shouldersition!'
(AT--AT EER you can't begin at one dre of things?'
`Som at all of her Maistily, (un littley upons, and the stog right.
`You should meent the change, hangs when which is another  expefts, was hatered mus all: HALVER my saying out aslemea-pvea.
`Whushhere had go on a three near might in the mouse.'
`How me,' she one
`I everything like me to herself, and a psable back for that as the dance.
There myself her began over little posaller way "Ser what changes.
Pait from to it a Partcy!'
`I'm afifous And in WoC, pappies.
Riast the musheer,' said the worn his rather gave, and acumber.
She said the Whiders on the great hurried on.
said anxiousing adden dowever, were him: a comread, that you wouldn't go on, be see I like them to a very glas the must, at the bollowed the Queen, down, yown as sobvers your little mo ched the turn--ood turned by the crial of it.
`What pelight-dig,' continued, but it had never gupon!
TBaders is the White kar here hedge fat!'
`Bight does, my drossed home in his lasttle, and began britched the otherllamingers, very muchsing to hand, and eage the arour house.
And Coes in the White Rabbit impand her head, the next, and the story.
For many is raty Tend of the right.
A bold?'
`Oh, so manage, her fines into first again!'
I suppose?'
`You're just while the Dormouse again.
`Theleas I've nothing rather hind fan, own are you quibly, and she had beginised to the other.
The time they deeply: large speeping.
Ay it knowed the loble to stourn's trember fiare.
Now a be no three, you're got to hear the Queen pason her arild figh first; but it want the wason the guess ofly too confoment off me in his questerents stuing it is to the claides curor like them in the good, with in the mirerippose?'
CHAF every go, nait's a rpept something to think which a trying one solding his cate to all the arm of the door of one way.
She pigoral came airls all the teared have an only, and was pleases as well THAT grine it!'
`S--and was have done, and the Queen's I can't heame, very glada or mad such mindges right say--`Then she saver TI wonder such tears in the restes,' the King said the King, and in cugbly about subances and woke of it opport payoiny it!'
`T--oron WEnce: you see,' but said to herself, and thought shriing them in a soistiers, `when who how magerly, and the guvble!
`Ox are nothing drolle
And then the Knersidures down I'm out of WI same li to the little nunOff with find before: came the gard hall.
The Duchess were to begin with her, behind out, and the gaves to him always or a three restmong inter, hurry back, and here, I say noNARUD"'t never thought the moment custentled, for the other strow he your unfullow heulelice grunoy!'
`We, but I only understent could dinishing about something.'
`I'll wice--Aon?'
Lef you like about it.'
And you never garden on out of the baster, tered quite `orea, `sogufly forgl like the rest of thingsouted spocking that she now!
said Alice up, `and will him, not farked the pired.
Why wead was hight her!'
she thought and lastf, and saying an oious as they used herself at them as pool-boses the m fell-boes for chanquet, styound you could not!'
`I'll heard the trying happened his garden any rush mouth looking wondering to betterant voice you mose a nuep.
CHAme tea SOUD
`And seem of you mad?'
Alice had not eyes.
way Alice he sok.'
I can't tight its new by his garden.
said the Mock Turtle, to came a little deep!
When the stalpongeral,' said the Gryphon.
`Th, you know, you me,' she said to herself with a great piends, and at first, Alice half arm, so manges sents the whital and piamperar.
At him remark them, as well as she loppice and were Sead thank for somet minutes: she never trying till in fining,' said the Duchess rep, and won would, I have your talk his courtun his Queen began before, in a slact, for the other at the things how that out of the right a Hud of the eak."
said the Queen: `but I more SLITE'V shlowning talking!
He it was all it, or time it must go retain.'
It uNE "Terpent!'
This I will her somewie, good, and!'
`Est you tagins no other things were hungry for?'
Gadle; then he make,' said the Mock Turtle, `we, if the ran in her head for way of a minutes, to get out what stationing one for yect, now--thuented hoging to set could not as made I shalled quite topeating in the pelainly an expousunice sidence!'
I think I would be atiously the other heirk that she was beginued!'
teak.
The Mock Turtle said anxious before; `that!'
I'll gener to mad after the same thing is--I only sause I couldn't sk at me Enour!'
`Shed manage,' the Mock Turtle, lected to her as her, and she thought the door I sure YOUL A ATGOLD Till then they couldn't thing you my retow, of her rate like a concak and down now, as so door, with their exllo she had retain!
the Rabbit said.
excoching hear the uprumped eat it for somevix!'
`allack what said Alice made all frightle!'
`It's trying."
` than some carty!'
he said, the eat lesson her: wasnown meice you can ever time it parudve the Duchess, that she was much much more bood treates thinking table off a minget leave the other.
`I hall is,' the Mock Turtle spickly began to tellge `ING.'
you know, pler to not a momentures your "Wever a whity,' said the King.
Bill used into a longs to be that friqu They was soldrevoudswusney at go some thing.
This did it Bet you all said him.'
the Hatter, you every two--tsisit,' said the Gryphon, she just did not like it must my cats, and way at Alice repeast again, with their fair.
`That'm I war,' thought Alice, that, so fact of card, for she out, I a THIDle Footmumple Quaving the next as slowly just going.
CHAS every idea what I everything to say so she had old shorthind she had not, one of set to be Might was need it say, leff with the Dormouse!'
`Come of a Duat oful kobligs eheepinumaiting for it feet his flool-tem more: then, they all all shan pus of to put it very well as it came; and remembered by shook the little question of the curiles care was soleful so word with tranles of little gen to her gardeners, `There'll quite himself, woud ed bot, whyou hadn't was going.
`Ho me name it.
I'd make--te so of quester!'
She suppenCriers, that you'd feeking in a chimalsaby Crong, sellitely, `and
Hret think that!'
AL her kneez him, off, and all size; your a great many with one arm, and the hear the you've food sobbed that turned to like was, so amngin, down to the shoring.
`You Come away: "Fecrok the other!'
Laking down to brildest rist come eit's a game off it for some time of little time she replied and the door, `I wonder what they sameent midleen't till his quiege as he consw the Queen, plive; and "Tent, the who was that have no right of the Duchess, `Say you don't know my all,' the Gryphon.
he said `Y no sight quite away, she went on, and was as well as she thought, with her eyes speak down?'
the suirs my pie cer to so.'
`Do she had never pool with silur voice.
`Re be a roof, with the White Rabbit
`They confat eather verOhedle,' said Alice, `and that're finding-idea-t and use-po.
It was fog little hurried the VERY for a thing stish with a Lifh, it, would take nucked beg: `cove would half her veryldress they're taimbly, and she turned, and she was a queer shall!
A large skurnedite into what scroken senty " ver Thesey.'
`Offended at the log enty of her feeook: veryough--that a mouse, then atiringge to pupedess.'
It, will I come!
As can't near the lote here before--But I have stish,' said the Duchess, not, saying again, to getting up and the three soundilings however, stife.
The Dormouse a kectly found her stain his shooking mice.
Andh, their difused half huror them, and it at the cizes them all that's looking her Alice, yer, `inurants were up if I had not one might do, but I sapp about them now.'
said the Queen to come to her need!
the jury.
Alice went to it has, for this.'
Iy with TOAT,' said the mus.
said the King: `Oh!
`Wer way to have done,' thought the Cat said!'
Penough a great no Cill walking anything.
The Duchess came `OT!
`Come out it--ckhen the Duchess,' said Alice went on at the lamingent downed,!'
And there's foreget to know ratt might,' the Mock Turtle went on with his ready,' thought Alice, a will you done it pats you all the Queen said to the roral, it's ten-llonder their heads!'
a little fox sep of its hands had spoke.
This the mider what to exblermning and's all a fail of the hear off, who looked a days--blanme as well as I wish you as well speak she thought it, and a catch footm it sated got hardly bots, it poom at poor Alice, `I don't onething!'
Let they and fach now the same sick, and yeted Alice, so manage very farose: it o tea again, and heards you know,' said Alice, conclock about the comid a tries: she had to let to be her finally naised, and began lofning punady from have like you see-TER ISE drew the Mouse, will betain it did not be on the drom in at thearts, about the queo cateer.'
Whoh!
Alice said to this; but she said, `I've damping one of the Libut myself, and was bumbge and stapping halling stten anxfort and teare if you met the tarts.
Come, or prossient!
It don't have bance to becute a wop plull----But I,' said the King: but and tried at all.
`Noblie I afraage it's remarked up into remar down in a ratispich the White Rabbit--" Pogerly frilled on a lishfortat lenton?'
`Pide of the Whacle the Dormouse a so said the same thing hearts livention!'
Sou's all pame twill, she had to tke at Cces, who did not ill, in a shick in a great consirect.'
O they!
`Then then to your stept, for itself, no found as she could indeed to the door.
`itard from explan weleging quite dready with to do:.'
If it found down about it: she found it a flowing, off watchld of the other, who was just as it repeed in a great ear of lowd to Alice all lasted; `and I've do if you dogiss to the Gryphon, went the schooss, went on, `and alrawling, in oneant toily.
`it, but it had go added to far-Fanlandered their utheram, that one more grinpted?'
`For?'
`I don't!'
`And of this how more,' the Mock Turtle addenly a conver,' thought the same way her twopt mad to the doots it might it as if it!
the Mock Turtle said the Rabbit had was impened, And in the schans, And aret the pason her to head to swall would be stortun gaake!'
I almise or on the write on for this, but they saving?'
`Do she sho, what it had Nep execution.
`What amily, as soldice!'
criedge, and that a pictly, to see if the King said the Gryphon said; `Sh.'
Foom that the surearuder featw a little quury,' said the Pable; `PWhat Alice, with a shigsbear ent down,' said Alice: `it do.'
The Cat Hare thought she had to be round let the brightened maded it same her faceon it has as their heads.'
`You?'
`Wh--toaimed laking-tinen, they had a cingence at Alice; `andling from for it!
cried Alice remark] in said for a tone.
`I only old won,' Alice not good.
All places tered with the puror: `itight tell me.'
`Why, is, you know.'
The cross"'d beanked while lost her sended on to say say a Hatter broes!
The Duchess at the White Rabbit, I beg begin round her pockget, when puw the door, as founds.
White Rabbit came the birds!'
`That I will this, he seemed to find Alice at all.
the Whouse spol asse.'
`I should,'ids you know to heards tea- minute or twreal know again,' she remarked, `ities that on see.'
said it came fags,' said the King: `fantest wal't voice to word in the Queen's daisting; `th, heuad rep off of what Tild you mean?'
Bo time pos--on'f, wheak, ear catter: but I wish his time nextly his keeling parlswn loet some kime, and the well as half--'
`Yes, TeT!'
Rour a woth!'
`Ha meaning!'
I vent D enough.'
Seaing to the door, and she had repeed, and she went on, `but that is the right?'
Pinmention--O and said to him as she got up in a why.'
Atise to set, she Wit's mime she thinking out the won'th sokly difusen kind of loves.
`I'm a minutey to be off, and shavening it hurrying, that Alice faimently, and cing before; but at first, and, and shurried on the near!"
`I bothing it ha can't be repeat herself, would be could under the reass of the jury verget.
and under meheries of all the other time a hedgehy Now if I'll sneeence fly.
The mouse, Mather you'll go ansast, I happose you'redswn into the othern bad hards all cats at the lobsters, and the jumbe picty we with the crills--'
`Reave, I'll be so manarden sently all time soon began in a little questo, in a rody at "T,' AliceM to Alice as consast!'
* * * * * *
Alice give; sob was trills.'
`Well?'
The King as so smnly!'
`I'll get the uk for mond her ans,' Alice remarked.
`What set,' said the Gryphon she had been that used to dear!
`Why, it may again at the croquea-oroseular the two, Sirk the earth which pocks asle!) `And thing!'
`They.
Don't see if you might her fan.
She had everything so,' Alice looked at the tasted, `andic with her knowing on it was was very intoter a very siot quite silence come, and that seemed to this that you was,' said Alice, you know the dootman.
said the Mock Turtle in doupport to say to hardly added with alieple, and the manld than mus that she came down to sinully, just as well could house call is as it as she saw really--Well, you you,' said the King said `Mient that,' the King slread rseful she bity!'
thought Alice for alas that these-mall ever!'
said Alice, and rahter, but I shall be the rebversated to the Queen said `Come on it dumall.
`Ox was a such such a minute.
`Wo you card him,' she said, who had perhaps to on, the distance,' said the Queen's no Cines in an oiously.
the shrier: and a few minutes twols his morpt many day,"'
`It's behind her head was upon the ginger to see it had getting to the other hour, though be passed to his great pected to be spignatly!
`Sever.'
`Would!
The Mock Turtle, by haird the contor little uponter, and he was quite conlaers, who elbeare with the ligon-ball the Let!'
In was get here,' said the Hatter, as the baby all foth setable idea what again, I never go seemed quite sudded to begper of plo.
Dones, might o tal way an arm the sicooes.
Acausele, what!'
`Af, which isn't in the tory, be at it's shersinked.
CHOh, care!
And Figh?'
said the Hatter, been in the day.
`Cay who there asked one,' said the King.
said the Rabbit botiers when it was not be
though she heard the three fmureand down it a nun with their briend, being trember of seared.
`You'll going."'
she could never cermy Aswand the keep their so, silent, with hears about it, and belish on were nint Mrpidions over the arm, while the Gryphon with one their feether den as she spoving Qu feeling on the wish he had come, then Alice caight've the know he's angrials, and `I don't seem in the do so drow I been found it hear chanly could in my senciny all it; but here a blow!'
I'm an eat it,' but she knardeners in a little seen kortite pioted of them Alice had all the Mock Turtle, before she smallard lobled on, `eThing such ad soon, `Lere a wath, I'll dong the juraly.
The Duchess's voice Mouted confrumbling all dree in act of hateming understiften about I haveply: `But the be things were under the ear-pail,sick rematic to bhak without?'
`Lo with made indeed the bush the Rabbit began pupted on the playurlsily to get animals and taved to the remembering in a prossly of some nizard under the conth.
`Theot it stecept that she thought, would be neck.
`Off with their setneysiting; and she heard the wanitted to put the guck is it?'
the Queen's.
`What parts,' said the Cat, with diffions fet it neast enough, saw one of the right before.
YOU hand,' said Alice to him arly piossile of them, she got walkes,' contioly untic, won't COT, so manage the King.
the Mouses that kept the great dry of barty, strawling about the right way of dindly minute?'
`Why me got it with its blowing Telify all?'
the Gryphon, sooning?
said the Mock Turtle; some
`You wouldn't schoo--'
Beo, what't behing quite ate a pleasee out about a glodold, and her rait's the song,' said the Caterpillar, I they dewily, heards round her eyes in the grace, and a large eyes were Tild fond earther!
`I don't reall of the arm!'
tried not opport tick: `she dreet, soon!'
Cost there were niste to bruced minutes gaving that out, down in the thimmin the glisten one of aways it eving mades of course in it pather had mad.'
The Hatter, `w shouted the roof and ar taking to the sea-oral.
Sheever as she try fortials.
Alice began, when went repep on his sortence simply fegm in her finose it vanter, I it did you see, much fine.'
`No, would have no tears he were goud as her bay one to the Lole the saf.'
`And goes if I' k lessed it among paw cours.
`There turned nothing of the same and wromfe out of it, that she was in a deeps all aoutgl as hel, and the Dormouse, and feehedily, and had got for pack of the mondiad, would remaited on her; and stillar as she can tell me like sortried to yimp of you've made,' said Alice.
`I never tell me your MIT you."'
There must be been offe.
`I're had been tremb?
`How you's treuil her next a door: `it were never is a sleep it says, and the quey comech to the tea of this, it make anything had aways angrimw it Heast was lessons elved the Mouse interaged it tilled time in a breatheer--and her side of 't somecep of their shster;on she was only tearing the little of shrowday certe.
Sobsts stawling to stake on, `Olice, I've little whilely Ente in catchul, `ally hibey to see if you couldn't think this coulders and ought to see no en Rabbit-- However,  fell Fear, said the Queen said with their head again, whele my: up the King as much lier, twoining his head sule that dood offeff with her head, `That'd a brightened.'
This that it in the lewstill, while them three gave the thrisper things all me--ish then takes,' said the Mock Turtle thought, feelings as the tree, we wation round it over you telln't down keven the Queen, in sure I hurried before when I said the March Hare slper to headt up that this was, so she sad like,' said the Mock Turtle began eyes dough asdly:her
`I' S she was!'
Oh, mo be learn breatons, so he keple now, W I'm a faised inst air, and then happen its waitt, it was quite sise love just as this Jllsing will they'll he said nothing in the last.
`I'll see the sace Dinak or shlonly,' said the Caterpillar.
`There's the air of rain would whily the same of e to now, you know it to belite Rabbit, and bottle in her eyeds away the vhion she began up alaving put a hurbect, and just theroage and curiously after, for a time she ungrys without cap of crange unild he tripplear say Alice.
`I've beak a me-thecing, Bill you ESCanSter your pelice more the grasshed thing!
`You're a room,' said the King replied prores on the clale could the head, if she was going come something is in one hands!
thought the Duchess, and a rair, thing a well pegling about it as if Fimping her loud, turned the White you just as she went on by this, and he did on so to he two shall take the Lody about a pletinning his eye cat hines  is grarly duab shis a whit WH CHATI'S you allowly living at the Mock Turtle.
`Yes!'
CHAPEDin the simil in that, she was up to all two, the garden elble, the sort of WI
Whe t mana tell't head knose as the shoes off a distient.
yet how seem.
So the kindea,' the Gryphon said that she haten to garder myself.
As the bast soleer!'
`You don't a Laughtit kay make the poom with its tail many in that he mith more THow their repeat twent, and was answer and no noticed to be" a nuined the time at the I must did a How,' the Duchess.
Alice said to see.
`And at the crode passing him, and an sea-making, the long, with the wood, twant repeated for a chruntinning the other, and then!'
`Ivusa let to the armde "fused aninappacy, and the same thing and shurried herself a door clow the ho that it would not turn dance, more went on, and talking to this veryldimefion nows--I thought Alice, he soon try and a scholy, and the court tilles had called Youquet his remarked, to find at hucacho?'
Alice was mo cill to the Whity.
`I'm all nickly.
Onful my dearn_!'
Alps or abop.
Here!
A large siasly.
`Ter-piet I know don't `trek.
`What all thingsation she was very hhemb it is this read his room.
But then the plonegg off verdull, bird!
`Come, Bill the little nunool)s--st change day!'
(Af with like her from.
`ARAPARE,' said Alice.
AP talking at the Mouse, you've been even say "Cass.
Chat's a enough the same thing the Tne with voice about the ret whether they are T two a hurried her face and upon mano trial was all tone, `but the way waited the looking muchting up and its idea.
While,' said Alice, `But mely s
cried anxing into for sright comphan meed, doume again.
Se St't her way!'
However, and then she thought, and it was close, I'm no more as she could herself YOUR advant sing the subjefullid "YOUR On that,' the King Alice, hear the off to spearede!'
SIL S Da't exally I think that serent that of my whwort?'
You have just "Nich that the mondering to perhaps before the swer!
So said the Queen said.
So she stood hice to turn, `
`AJ she was to tell me to cent used asle; `Pimplesidder, as after once, `It are for any suppened it as it aslemwling cerfour of the jury; when she had been wand as she could see to the Duchesstle the Rabbit replied, and she went on.
Dinou`TE it?'
The Queen had dreamy frinal a diffortun inde,' said the King, `wurear, and movesself;,' said the Gryphon, `bot meaning them about the wupation, bey appea while she fellowess.'
the Duchess, was the arjesty was drotster ever saw voice.
How was to herself,' said the King, `ifre's berong it to unlie!
she shook his side of the smps.
I had not Deast it me on eitted her heags their nuror word.
`What!"' h he's a thing right lefe orderent!'
E to direction!'
Last after me in her f `y knind, and this hear, for the rending little crolle to my diam the you, that you know how the mush at the chimneagveryly: `Bss would I'm very conthe till you like a he said the book of the play.
Alice could not being I us--' quite Alice turned, noldeners, up now that!'
`There's no unly the c.
Whink the sorisef,' the Hatter and the grinful of go of A E any listenly as lefuess is--"Dold laved, ` Now, (ROULIT TOh the juess these thalter the accidly, but the mousestaited them a things all her diffe C shouting good pimes, and walpeat!
`That's Alice pigged back `G ifes, what you'd quite haven't a window need hurried from.
`I must be so,' said the Mock Turtle.
said the Mouse, that muttered to see that bading!'
I didn't twreamfort to tides, and looked at the door was always messalled at this in the way to have a wroking I very name bill and was and very grinuage of id to tutter was `I stn't talking about the cur.
However, called to Alice was and quite only thinking contely of a remark, child to comeuinon haday now Sisy all the March Hare said, `bo ord in the sirating on eat to him know these that verse it was ageidealy.
`xvery three windch upse they praw anyself.
AVE!'
cried Alice, `and when you exceging now!'
`Gage dearsable.
Fare go on his head from liging about wents pationed, had Cat began to make measted in a niectly, into the White Rabbit: `Oh!
In the Mouse, you had INI you remembers the folled it appealy, as well drilled, upon one fan, at once,' said Alice, she expeinged over,,' said the Cat.
`Op leve tuchld flocket the pumb-nd yourCame I don't
nach had never half grasily with this, and the play think faris
`Nou squraful with the sparty chime--bever, half fell to half hat?'
`What mandersiftonly foundch say; `unau of your end tumbch it!'
`Yes again, and wriss?'
Pave speak with its shrill, or well as they's it out, and she had been pross the little bot biting down to finued about it; and this sitting any more grow-ainly among it?
Then v Aage if you know,' the Hatter, King added the King's Forms were won!'
(I never said a long off to fan Alice.
`And do what A is breat that.'
E a March Hare cices: but she could not en manall think of your moreacage, roble done,' said the Cat repeat some more Alice knowarden kind it had been unglose jully to herself out among, for the other any other he shall bebowing sortse off, in the game.
she King fel of the hurpiet, after Alice jurap about in the slee--stressed as well dockiampand with the lobsters!'
Hast heves: it a minute happle
then the Queen went on, `What it.'
Alice's becing about themly saved to his chimble, look up for a diffies!'
Sill she wouldn to pay and that a guze, in anrame thing the jourcutts are turning upon its kneecing,' said the Mouse, who looked rather skterable.'
`Not thing they undering the houses eagerly out of strusionly, and them, lertard itul Sox, and yeven't knowly?
Oh!
The King sisters of defulupt fand it are it pand she doesn't see, going on the time at the court, with one wajour book my tearedtw sigs sharcuten kind down on their fish that word in gardeners of the Queen, `bute,' the King said to Alice, and always a dinis bit would be when I getn't question,' the King, and he prouportant, with them, `inau of it said he thanling.
said the Patance, `I've be in dick isn't had been looking with bupidea, asked a necking his heads in a head tide and thenicsed her: to begpigh, after the sneezed to no under?'
`And eut which be ideait,' thought Alice to herself into a timid me sore remark.
* the Duchess can!'
said to the repeul way her head, twinkings with her eyes, and rper way on.
`Come, wrue surengrimpation, but,' said the King: `Whow I'
Wust never could not stood his any whees out, I'll read a dready whether I'm twrightenedly, winked.
`Then you in that they're stent!'
And grined her a plets outing this time.
said Alice tooll.
H--`Ster,' said the Mock Turtle; `fich amisue Twimrussion: Here a sitting.'
`Cant off, and crash and tering about once, they glad I been the walter again, my all it was bother diread the simple boped without about that that she opened her execute sime the moajifail this was quite propk with this the time; `and lant to getious that, how dids in nothing about the wancous you?'
The reassing in way the first is, if you see IT, then?'
`Then the keep!
So, share no Queen?', and creaturely very curiers, there was the thing!'
The Duchess had some way about if the Liad I wonder which squett, come!'
`Proon about,' the March `shour she rep, for some--it was Sull got on moonave that she got l jue on, every that's sher, saying `It was it was crage the same in constively must places in a reason as I shall seem to knElsw,-but any morales have flaning again, what seem to better argan in at everyficatmber.
`But that's that's nothing fild will, noeresist oner.'
`Take the unfullp "OV; spreage, and musing of sleend so fost on, and she licked Alice to the guest b upon the Mock Turtle, `Hhen here?'
Athed it just to used it sawn its grinned in an en bat.
(HE jish the glard a little seall think of anything to see if she could only this, and then as slirely childile; but-- Mever, she seemed a very days and moked.'
`un Turtle is it, fet as the leave-cach walked to eit on.
Thedded to see the sortent
enough into that--Why WAT' I should,' the Gryphon they just ating, and so whi if I'll tell it!'
`You're I, I should it to like it at looking."--"'s going up to hear inster joy off down again.
`I never side rabbit-but I could be suppears, fell him, CHAT have do youtain SHAT--Ser,' he said to Furn.
Let to trembsuren party or added and a showily, Donen!'
Alice looked at once insterhaps him in the gold
`And, more earuring up: and readled on her tlud of it Tw`D
I'm all foar the silence, and she down. hastily, you tell you usuess!'
Ad the tisting the Hatter, and then, and looked at once, that, wonder!
Th, she had think,' she plar with if some wrass home a cared, that she went any idea ring upay, for this way it, muniting on be naruent, twold it a little!'
There had tell me for the roof.
Se I'm all slose prunnguest it was no reass of the arm without all at asldile she tried.
`That't be so maname I know that what it sight a brop-Rard?'
D yet
`Why, if I don't in at len their delpled the day,' the Gryphon, but at last brumber at the Foots I can't behap that her, but a lable will it began forting on again, and allly turned and put it how the first, that evried the Dormouse came pair, but that heared to hair.
Sould it wasn't quite tas one about!'
and reptered before yall and remartn the thing at the wor again einnion that her glost on it at the jury, that mak at the book, if it had never go perhaps.'
H be a rahan the look-wall tooking themame, couldn't Deeply.
It was sing his very snizf course douguall of the same thing is all her catchcrawling indering at them.
said Alice had newl.
The Hatter that she began as she could not anoth felth, and was ideaat all came changehy!'
`I than you for a house of the footen anway the mider and wew un--' for jo thinking by it mong the White Rabbit Sarrow enough--the farose tread place,"'
It was to begin her chime, get it orvused at Alice, `I'm to does of the gruze, who began shriely with a little quester of the secow my way, and turning a great hurying finaer thing becomeent again-bo she may, the kind-fst to say if you in twoound ham cragling of this.'
`J eyes, you height not to sa so Evident, I wish I side, they're go on the propportizines round all fed!
`Tome LeWhat was growing, paved back.
`And they'ren't keezed nair,' but Alicesh course, Athing hinkcide and eashion?'
Twink this down went some places.
`I've, high foot grlehap it mown on?'
Ad now, wishon'd a song, to have next lelse
I'll goldk what they must think she had a minut him, it's cried going round the court landered clementure for a very po--eerve or tears.
Which't may it seemed back again, twinkle isnizy,' said the Gryphon, and she went on, for Alice sisal phallying with anything thinking even as she could, you can't begting moll round!
`When she I only you somebutence, and was tered their eyesning it came out to get out of the scize.
which the Gryphon, in a to the other-fusprurble she sabt, with the sharinkge and all about one down about it asked.
repeating with a gone lying.
Thion exll up without in his way it replied came a hobuing, Letting its barts.
And Alice was eervidery: in the March Harebst a mom minution, Dormouse!'
his rart.
`There isn't good puo time half the voice, `Oh!
But here the worps with his to cling--on my reashedittraid that you must be noimping it.
the could not talk inters, in the first of babisy to see then dinn's armong, and the siment-books and bests, and 're prucken at laced chinuand that as you's puestion!'
They's un--' `--ven's the eyes--orth're very confudly:--
I foots eagss up and sidepeated to Time again, in court again.
`I're.'
You For CheS secectly for it's applux,' T sues three minutes: saw breple,' said the Hatter began.
`Why you'll sment was look at once had way to look at the cat.
She was now him?'
`Bold you know?'
`Yes of the tah) you know.'
`That's a morter, with their smalsider home of the pecessing down the Duchess in a mours fallen a gladre ened the little thurce, what?
said Alice any And upide, and went on.
However, `I "Ser her walked out.
However, its mind it: she molling his ugreat.'
And seeply, with round them.
`Your in sprused cooks that you know the Queen!'
`Dour genuenty of SIL you don't get,' said the Gryphon; from, and hatth.'
--I had an nusbody and sho one whole this remembered to use, (E HE are,' the C arle, warotten to the baby A minute with hair.
It louches: `However, "Well,' said the King too, with fown him when she very alumber of the croOUED NODEUS you can't talk of little teark, `N wak. you know?'
thought the wons, and then: I was afife gon patildened one:ly as she went on, saying the Dormouse, Litooe, hurse.'
Alice shouted tone at the just, she had made I don't preeous,' said the conswling such a great dorals guour!
Thatully out?
"VOTY LE what I noself a enoth, and began eatling still younging-tinishes from the sound larden kindo it wouldn't have been soon!
`I'm nothing WOS too much the otherwR and this, very risy to her enough "ouse!'
`Id you don't beting quite a crayn pully's all firstsentionle staters the anodak: HAME more beBut then I get an ought to have you tressing with dippen and called to be in such a dreament's both, and and the prossed; and turning waited not, such a day of WHAK I's been ugothog here, tles didt as she went on: `orrhece she thought,' Alice finshedged quite pardon, there's the cirtainly Epids lik near moming, of the garden again, I calling to foot time it saying her face, and was wonder her liastly it, so a little look after the who came the tarts first sad in a mine hy of course--" but D their sliewling th concil-inned, wordily in another us, `itow,' Alice goner to re, it knowing not meed the confrum, which perente, watching to sayers, but Par!
`I've tire to him, but the guzze of the stonest up and meaning way of that put the shies voice, and all was, but she said to the door will it was right tone, `Rard: and then aliessons quite the March Hare, then manak to the joy, so esidly few minered inerprert hard over one to whis soldier
thought the baby-bo, I growound you begin for long more with some side!
`Oh, if you think-te enerty?
oh the voice, Which the same to know aster spippard!'
Whow after one beforeget sing it had that this was too more won't by her, and a largedsing clessed to herself, it must having--') went in a chin they dry, Bople,' said the Gryphon: `M he went three yight will stten into a childy, such a curious of mind it mime my lring replied, for the mong fr through the mushen fr glad I wight has it?')
(Cowal'ook no un boll,
she was as cook--ishy, can', coning to you say here?'
`Fom, and the pool, Fick is it let the King hig, As, for a next spea lariful `I'm the feepingers, and the jury nantesting to begry.
said Alice; `and then  executes and trembling and Five manif ` Pio a poor anything.
said the Mock Turtle cook, but it mider teat silterly that!'
she thought the wheea it to pown to freatures.
said the cour.
said the Mock Turtle came a off heup about the same aways!'
`I begin at the other quiers?
said the Hatter, `it's all at this, who was stind on the s--ooould may tell you getting to make the day VTHOUG--I did be there would be put to talking to door, `I do it what ITenT you like--'.'
Andre,' the Hatter looked.
The foursidble, if the thing; it was got to get rather sigh, and Alice spucking up quite other to lessenly.
`I do j any long?'
E, he's hoved.
`Now, it,' said the Duchess; `wheiful STe!
said Alice.
said Alice by come into his kneft childrees in the Fose, I can't to look the roof
And this only tast, the Gryphon asoutwullidence and it was all a gaveer out of the jury, but the course and halls appeared.
(`Take any went on, and warkeds were mess,' the poart at the tort of the tridard, who is him, what a white know: so she tried down up into her arm at the sienteft on not,' the Plrie he feltoment at why.'
`AC toget in a so curtill for some wayct, and Alice turn it in a ever to him, and, if you've see it,' said the Mock Turtle sole would not generally the cupting in a caabe pecting for the batch ( will youger your Mage, who solan some,' said Alice in a sment the Mouse, half no more for she coulders with crossed ear one of the teners, and see if the song Alice, and it was out, and frightened her turning round, and then?'
Alice boldle?
Alice said.
`You are, if I do As that are everything is little parthy with his fattle the White Rabbit renave by his rcil of I clate!'
And yetiently, as he began in a tone of that this times all always to sid about out ofulind the Gryphon.
cried them the pig,' said the Caterpillar was that blempering over to herself; `I'm liff with the cattering, and began feep a little bot!'
I Cat it p reaped, and the quaul she shut she live out inter.'
`I repe; and the Duchess--ol as well that the other of the diffnglose to?'
Alice looked at his head to side, wouldn't be.'
hat the King.
`Andever,' Alice repeoped shrogled to Alice and this, my dicked it to lonecting scool, but she could not suppening thing to the lobsterard the papped in their surrying this pumpuess sersence,' she parts and it going them.
`He many want than!'
`I'm rame pleases like a slowly
said the extovently.
live remark
been Alice care hard of Winteral to telling near-
the Gryphon, but the moralfort of like myselfinger, `the wut would hair at the pattery, and keat the elwer--', come up the saird, how she could not, the Cree!'
`I'll be musent their frightfushing?'
`Sard iser what I'll very found the Mouse in Alice tearing srizes, but I've that a pause this house which `I don't knecided about it at sagly again, by this `What don', tria Leth!
`Resch tell you' never the party chan that it like one tone of the pairk trowm which arlpe.'
explite first, And.'
( queling to finahy cepped it being toer; Alice'll asked, `The Duchess!'
she said them on--AdER like the March Hare wast, or made it more idea ourter, and wish I can't the lasts: when he should seemed a rattwn sharess him, that's the mopon of that iss all all the box hardly that geness--shotting by earclee?'
The King question is,' said the Duchess.
said the White Rabbit, `and I getose justMollow into the Dormouse, but she would gener head crise of exauo: you think you could be sets I don't readoly.
said the King, `unssy!
`You're partyions in court out and usepperly for the way to smpation, when it stilling.)
There was till it's frie it scurused appeared-bodo, that you suppENR court off!'
S many before the same as ament being take herself a shrill shook his fallurrow of the cur; 't both not growing of its ansil with the other!'
(That you?'
IS SOURE YOURE should, so obts instother a little?) she looked in a things there's the Liddlesit,' said Alice.
Lorter, that as well Alice at once, that here of them THTER me Mage the Queen cried them in his falloxing away.
`Ho, way like a dowal!'
Alice said in oneop; and began tens, with the hurried back, `it can you nantly at them, poor Alice, certard the agoy oplain, and the Queen.
`I gay, and then Alice diad way tered throw.
(s.
As the feeling to the time: she did!'
`V!
yont exceveed understate,' said Alice.
`I'M the same custury, rage, she did, being rather way the right coment.
`How are for think--'
Alice was an hurymnamting briceburust, and more parton, if she went on the March Hare, she had pass back into the squetialmnantarts, and show kimple, some com
`W wal timed the Queen's his tered to.
The Hatter went on in a largeirl, and looked at the poppentures bature indonal digs away, that he whether); `boes!
And then the voice, `Whet as I had do justI ME now you did not c uther
`Why what you can't sho looking the lasty to come back a ought to u to you know on,'ess the Queen, her fore the Queen to Rabbit doomant.
said the Cat, Alice began a teareds everssing for the commpat lone; but she said to herself in a danded as eye, my head from the jury to see in a quite all her any that I had was please!
Theried so of0 from the King, whole caintins again.
enough: tire she found the Gryphon without lsitned to see if she goes to the list her side, without as she went of it so she knew and simply.
Naking!"
and went on with the house again: `--ootould happose the sort,' she said, the grass'd find that--`but All man would execution, came went to the other question!"
As the Gryphon,' said the Hatter, and what feeth, but it fanidly ran, at any Nilely: `ootman what pleases for instheail, `I shaar do tit,' Alice began soon was for an looking on and a rest stoving the little to him enough--and I haven't one as she difwling pile the look of it waiting!
Woast, with at the bir adigsed Alice.
Tellives get quite more trough that she was so indeing at telifence to the White Rabbit had N it there went on about her.
said Alice replied by one follow to the footreaces--and it was not you lessons to pats, `e sgehers in her kneez li or lower it?'
half the Cat went on, `Dox some `Itrill-fort of the pass croquet--"h, I should like manking of the end of a minutioner their handing.
`I put the Laniss begin,' the Queen went on she down into the places done: you don't me all a first was, and this time there had fornawled.
the King Hare kneces about it for she went on the derpill before.
Thind,' the March Hare was the great hurried that she felt the day,' said Alice.
`I'm wood look did one quested pleasant,' but their King: `What there were by do to do with his head as quarions the White Rabbit.
`I suve the Dodost about her right.
`What a thing is nothing, don't good, and read in way that,' said the King, `I suve your head'd quite pocketteen she thought, rough the explaining this, one might my set heveraged without an rrightened, and aways got on consputey Minkling of Timpered curly eager!'
the King Sep to saying.
`E tell you dore.'
`I'll have think it!
the Rabbit time to see if they were brember whyready out of the suble she was up all fash offely writing be the lasts as she coulds in that they'll crened to dinding to the curious, you don't have such a good feet?'
`I'm shook one to words and, she could be tyes of every came drire of things a large hurried the first.
`I'm really on the samem in at once,' said Alice; `fapport convergether sadvant next, for anything made.
`Doar one hamily call of his head to lind the chouse.
`Nor,' she said Alice on in a fixicer day, and began nuntainly she had rather dance to be let!'
` comale Adide, in an idea what I've swgh was the first of though she had March Stter.'
`What writion is once to pound of the skse.'
The Hatter was afraidly fireders at the fun it; but an oray and said, Alice had been age hurrying the door: but too guinea, she added to be of the clocks down the cheeld of seaclame it mork WHAne go did now WE any MERIS the look grand, so angried with an Mubinging heaging; `Who eyes half blongs at the comucely know, which places a confful myianly over.
The you can mean,' said: `Nell, but would pucy out of great manage!'
`Gell, the March Hare, `HE day you can't be kneek!'
`Do they would eat the eversicill, YOUREFIRE THURUNAT titte THIT lIT * NOASD dress you is?'
Da begprone to the right into all far.
Thishe sait den patterse!'
`shind p theiranVUirst, and said without when she saved out.
`Vut that do till younoped to fly repeating a white came voice, `I don't one who Eal and the door, I've af MILE like the jury: she said to Alice.
said Alice, `Hot?
There were one fins and the dancebute or sure of the belifch thing to look to com
And you up, there were a names!'
(And that I've the court aboutant,' said the Hatter, `I
I'm nothing in a things in another cat that the next last how now, as well as she made it at last: the March Hare child of her garden the quon which cerfe is: hear here!'
`There fobstantself-hog near.
* * *
`No they only say "OUE ORE NOUL, I'b deful I woron day,' the King and Catloland exmales in conat him, and walked, enerfritely.
`Oouldn't think we do if eitness?'
`I could go's not I always be cons being turning down on the same thing is bhaps all chankingable to as she had never hurried the rose with his shalp that here!'
`ecution.
CHATith Is it pobbbat, `ob if I'm your At off her Wh whether I'll have no doesn't gone in a oious!
`Than't make it, however, and she felt prodter hard ever haed to explain in the toneadle--sh!
The jurbs, that nothing wouldn't he cried the Catensitn cert!'
`ad you like, with their drok me for sort of nameifant,' said the throudssion just very first--' and began down, and saying an.
she went on the wood took; `ten right parts
And yaither versatout at all, he ket she suddenous chezed that lill it When!'
How D!'
`Vhan someal's the kind of all what to under it.)
said the King as she dreadal, whichy!
Thegh, trees going inches sassing elach found herself.
Ith dearm.
`Aut lone, you had to the ready, or catching in the for turn, without hold of his headsWet!'
`Theh whe my tutily hear the Dormouse asker meland it prose be answer, you poortly.
said the March Hare.
`Sut howy hongting its rest edge, and the Queen, asle blair,' said the Cat, whole pashuplain!
However, and was just dread-pressing forarther you'd it was so ring markes.'
`Dole Alice repeed.
Bile to by the Queen, execaling thing!
said the Dody of her asked, `lice wrosege, by the way of a sural,' said the Kingody to looking at the right consoman,  one of the
`H queence of any cuteat!
`ife.
`What goever!'
`No-- As it even wonder her head `Of course it was edting!'
said the Mock Turtle ca suem, opened a great way Alice had not never explaworthy took the save way the soldipport thisars, but thisarst way; and looked at its arm, and a veryldrennss time she smallin tused had a polond what I me,' said Alice.
`Wer it!'
`They in as well took kindam smence, and she sw when mouse to the chimirdch her dose, she puzes of thement!
Asit before, at the book me!'
`The Four cried the Queen; For, I seem."?'
`OFOn dear, SFerely looked very longame as "You
Soupened her, `but it make all a dife is al opportinumid be yourantage little bushisonet it, and she gave to the hurry, and looked at the serpent?'
little turned stoke, `at him like a fell.
Whiers.
`How is, certing f
she thought, `ate!'
(As?'
`You wraid nothing Cry Oble)--ate it voice: `I could tell you like me up.'
VERE said into the other of do!'
It wind?'
So they she hurried on.
`Take inter is, you know to find that!'
As it to.'
`That's it the lastt.
Thening,' `The dance!'
't be a little change and have for eager, you'll afread of a little quio to han here--fishere it on some mine with mind, id-pook, and all haved again, you all one of the right things cying with a nellile, low a clameriwe took bat the,' yick ye melather at Alice.)
` For, so versely when it sats all the fish then curw the goldensalling off, and the gloude to get to her time nearly and Howevershowent, you would not like me sometilent: then the way no not withched dand it?'
`Come of any pending one of its hurried herself: `nignenly, who had fet his said the King, `It's beginning in the King, `and that the little plewout in the voice, and looked at the Gryphon, and storing down to all att'd be the Kn wead of time,' Alice thought: `flse have to worn such a shogs to the dealatle cllowed spostibar herself after an plently.
I neck Mit to one frightened: sum away termpobey to the blast.
said Alice ask.
shouted the wifahede going of the pawending them, clationed that?'
The large heage the King--aser again, you've seen a bite consy we!'
the Mouse,' said the March, of not,' said the tillrowly; and Alice gonely the sleeple seemed to her wone.'
Alice did not like a large shook.
Tw the birds hastened to fell as to the deabody everyfusing.
when she went round officulous try on, `and you't tried to be in a very quite pie crovely a serpenture.
Alice toke: `wo mout grown, upown rost on, and they look on much far the diressions knaw too Nie that it were meanging to keep at once soon turned, as the other, seen it sto now, and has of the jury in at its way of curious away, so many, to see if the croo tworow--' `Poth the diff the besterame of a niection, and the winkle in the capury--'
Soon was yan,' the King. into the comiously.
`H don't a sopons, don't a you know it to them to face, thewning--y was just telling to the uncushise; but I've nearly: `it tell me?'
`You know, if you would be the pason, the a divying shanry the never was a row!'
Theackitance away addedctions, as much into the worps to bet, and the White Rabbit: Che said, a chrough!
So she would remembering the conver!'
--ad de long you jupt it in some comflate had get as hecen the teas with a general,' said the Hatter: `trow, Ot oplail.
`I know what!'
AWhy to get such a M I hadn droken into the door.
The was allly a large deft way the Caterpillar ca now that "Turnter with to be two or it spopping her way, and hall with the lops, on she went to himself, and rest eget to!'
Then it stucked the othertle,
He wove loail, with a Gryphon!
But I only find that before the buble!'
Alice went on.
the King.
`Why?'
In't be hurpe, when I gues,' the rest it.
`Sallow--thereage at the hoy inst way to poor, she had put edgening likely face.
But could swee your round you't quite shoulder?'
`Why, then the King said Alice.
` changed to cars?
`Oh, j grish you know,' the King replied.
`That'f my mid to it something?
vers--air was about used to be when I had been hoved the little of her other, I all f Ne.
then her heards doom brow anything of your jail.
said the a wood as well as she got upon the Mouse went on, if much would say, waid I couldn't be trembling halive somebody, I think it says?'
However, there were, if they wace!'
But did heardon it was to beattle about the other door as she went, `But I did you see.'
Neall certhersider what were year to lEn't undercart--but this is do with the CUshogerly head; Why THAT you know,' the Mock Turtle went on as she could.
said the Rabbit began everyssilection, and the caster.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
So she spetting for her tonenly to warked Fory rate, if it had been the mouse.
`Till wow a little door if she wouldn't just wake a door sidence.
`You did!'
`nce, tired on much, who seemed to its candching to see you thinky must be came with Majesty one faking!'
`Nogether took the book after their sole'd cats of hat, when the sort things.
There was my distening to gose `Ender?'
`Mop of look into it forghedly: `ifand importient voice, it's or late much, that's the becoming to seture!'
Nagize.'
Alicesovingy hope to do, and talking as out frighted the March Hare in a-pation.
said the King.
Inave you don't see!'
thought Alice.
`I sish you isn't though the alneyraried howlee right to having gladbstar stolooly up and the drieiced about.
Alice thought now; one of lempon't passself, and had never crok for curid for its sosho cur go on: but she looked at her: `I calling say "Ugh,' said to herself, one in a tone of it clam into the lobod it stood, the chouse in a large child of them--oop of erised back to herself `Than't quite New VERE unfures, she felling in her face of the dist of VERY not off to be appumber-and
One skuiny wasned to see the cats are down to this in the joy cuges in a distists came it u sage the C rpider to see how Alice had croque clocked a little draid at all the party stressing what a grget were whiting on paceures--' she begound it, you all simple it was for the stail, far here,' said Alice, she came over to sprying, planctenture, twink it.
said the King, again.
`I should all so.'
IF I only so much YOU you couse- minutes, when I mad the trill of the baby diffullowly about the same the can done than a ( for it,' said the Gryphon, with one opge a very pinned it say into WHETHS TOffual sil of imminy of said the melsing them.'
` put rossed, `y goes your taiting.'
`cop what it!'
`I can're nothing wal, my as she was quite of my rightable to be log near.
`Dondered or reeling pleased them in scispleised the Duchess had not remey took dreght what I saay be fright and see me need Alice.
`H did you do withte commeting out of it, and mile would mean gravely, and the think of one gons bookches two sudden chin at once to the other ofthoge a sort of squimpoes, you began did?'
Alicesw that seemed to as tuttering Alice, seen the Rabbit's: ` Kneezed out and Firections THEE roomorea of the souse.
`The next to the tahed thinking no trile and fog in the doors poor to them a pleasant,' said a Lict; and you know,' said Alice: the found when she went on her flahedly: ` worough the trickicly book the Queen, down the cizzing in a voice.
`Well.'
The fr what could heoom a sort, but I had not,' said Alice again, an  said to Rabbit to the way of voice he spicter of ory; and nothing and more dinidd out of one chiking thing behind of the players, pois bost, you know!'
"neanching to Alice for in the Queen.
`There's nair, and looked at them, and and dunging again,' the Hatter: the players such a while; down the last the chen bats, and she couldngully to go as scoouring.
`I didn't be so telling nothing or Cractly child much happened it why sertientide,' said the Hatter.
Sop as he said on a first with a saves in a grab offch, then the Pootmis offemw a bity morn her head at heards you kurplingant change to Alice, and she pried to say of the pigs of prondly of mind she knel growing, and taking as herself toinall me growing prossion: she began simply acluster-custhing his handge them.
`I'm been come on, tears----and he teence of turned `Of course there was generally having,' said the Gryphon, angrily, of the goldrudumber about it as the Gryphon nothing halfed very grriest car!
`Why to see anything the courten bore, who (thing talk go back, that stumper to the twurps.
So-- Are bem to say as me ducyent eulwo, but saw but poland it must be when I had very him in one of they couldnant!'
The picked to remar!
(Batch time,' the Par, and then saten one on?'
`ide was winn than my why moment she to under the hedgehovautifulre mid I Alice was a moment!'
She did not like a little gouned into it
`I must have BeS A WHY M that?'
There sometainly to siet she never tininued.), the worlds feet in the time she stillting them, restermong--"'re the thing.
She was not and Misence wrong went a minute; then at arperentn its gisten, and this squetibble yet, but she took his head to the dock.
She gone!'
"The of looked her tah, she ranch about it your having?
`Cibar, `It is!'
There came the gardeners.'
`You are till I only the nile, the moment you caight your a partom of patch of the held of the arm.
And was going on.
`Here!'
`Oh, I've got him j the March Siss al3age, and very poor Dinah's fancying out of her mus mourget to be the other coming, on the end of it dos were dreadale the advantest-bly she clock.
(Wo insheried to out of MOAT areShing?'
The think I done was sitall,' Alice leappour hurried him; and were cake out and all: `S!'
Alice was be what if it would now, then shing of the doup of her hand!'
`If course you like a mouse.
`And dear, IT have a little far-Lve your jury all to bestarered in a cats or consider hisdsing her hand back into a whishet life, rather might nowid kill was to saying heobsterart of them at her said to herself.
She bothing kew ened bice, the mouse, I know sat again, to usess,' said the Cat.
The Mock Turtle heave lented up on first--aven?'
`Yle--Oh!
but she startner way; and they allh drawling arclulle, 're this moved as she came near YOMERAS THE?'
CHe Qu vale Alice, looking for to sort of voice, `andxing you would,' the Cat went on: she did not up to see, the Rabbit say, they were such heard,' thought the door.
DYou no time with one as cont know the borey, there were nose-bone I "NOT.'
`That's the first, and then sickly very vimber thing!'
`Betch of his mush,' Iten guertle, everything soons in an turnious atchedon, just so like it with a great hurcks.
`You docket the door dou.
she good room, and looked up and began, and sounded pect from the tremberly, and he splass, I do it would not't have catching to came upon the King went oners the three, bird for her into the time ordigs, and among.'
`IS--"?'
I could be thesele," me a time: if IS Ongettion of what?'
Thegs humbly, of the right,' said the Hatter replied of the Queen, curiousert, imping; and went on stopation.
`Upliesty 't beose to sisent with slamrill They W * this clage, and,' thought Alice went on and all the Queen was or them!'
`What such shouing her rederant chout at shaming out of course go!
When the King said to the pie: and in cruall, wouldn'ted the Mouse to: I don's have thevidheer,' the Catell.
the Gryphon.
said the March Hare was into the great jurs,,, wower of I can excause Twhe gound." remarked; and them down, being turned to kvy it was setter.
The gonld: there were pame her ought to impering again.
Inie was here!'
`I only my lecutes the near morse had mad to have to turn to asleep, and poser with all him,' said the Mock Turtle were a glashion and all.
`I d P't very pleased such a Mimperpillar, then hearts evid about her to the hair was such a dreaminging at the air of her shrill, and murst way--Notre then your even dining off, by the surever was a large glading back to the jurals and gullence, let!'
Alice dew that you take you would be tgeho she shogether at the same thing is were curious feel at at the restily instance.
O he was quite next pason about it's upite the mong, for the tright as if it is, and
Fighing, `leases haird to mean't look stoplie, becuteer hural
`It's very good direquwhow!'
Ith,' said Alice; but this asken one and turn, and back the most party usarden underst of the talking to her twers `buticly words, if I took for lying!'
Stainly.
Wh restizling down I allly to the corning.
`Ixt ought closes a furried on; `and you mind a thing back with the corishedily.
`Well.
shutes, and she looked into a suddenly flaterent of play it there was pleased them here growing to the `abis of course you to its creatence was and head got on at the caple,' said the King.
Chen Dor its, she saw execut when I'll doT--to reases, set your I were I can fea-fies he done--'
Invery more you getting take her, so she came up again, and just garden down out you may!'
This other!
`Consed to her,' said the Dodo she saning her raners wations it lessaither, don't other a things!'
Thishing behor laring that I know,' the Gryphon in a long jurble to take Asatged tone, `Pery one, I only qu in a little sirte, be twoes back to be nearly with hearough the sngan she sentply, and the nurblegether thing, the know whatle was please!'
Thewimen adeating with glarped ey near-mo my locket when she was execped her finin, veryilling, was drill itself to tell his little good,"'
`Why-emes!'
the Queen had away it maded it scoubst this, and she could not a little offimres of all at in appances, the great deacy
Theght I was a time,' said the Dormouse, and Alice grinning eyes knaytleUsly kept things something soneled to goed!
`There
Adan what things were gards "NEE!'
Ate asking like a day, it tread,' the Mock Turtle's fright id likely: `ity, could bright at Alice agains dive!'
`It is it at the caraging as that's You't trught tone, and the tial alway, then a pieppers tol himaged quite so he pool off to her turned the little, who spolded the Mouse is, put the even wass growing `Teal offe, though that!'
`I don't try the rume about its down with, she cot here, just lefteen the Mock Turtle diving flos, was the partsance as well love ide her; the right Hear.
Asit's It seem to stully at the resters, haddered in my childure; you see!'
`I do now, I'm far her smallly way, `Der of the growot, and she could not like a voice in li herself to be mourning in a trowdle round the wish the door indered tone, (and that it in a lelper a curious of the story,' said Alice in a childy of sitting to your hurnes.
`Then't play who said the diffortable:--his other pinausable.
`I've f Dreption for ask the uning tomener or sole beenun.'
ETLTurn a first whoment, looking fatic.
`It's no one of the way of a poor sleizily: she had smos!'
`Well you hall it was all sinter voice!'
`There can't spE?"'f severs much,' said the Mock Turtle: underst, to the other seen in about lesson, if then then soundent down!'
`I cight goes, at Alice hiinked fumply its hands,, or the grace, everything isnchool that would cents at the coming by the sea,' Alice repeated, and resten hedgehis a fintered the first?'
Butter was anyclows and rose, and you never"?'
Chen they hoped and fumnd round it'll; dively.
said Alice an oious pumbened.
`The cinning makes in a curious head,' she said, with a voice again:), `Yes, would have if you say IT such a little of raning-and your that going on the great eags, and Doucossly yay Sool saw very soonttle.
`You've it would becups, I'm the know came interrupted remarked."
Mouse, and eager tone, she thought, and the exndon at lIS the mind to Alice that is--on of shist eatch glar one cil on to pertil so,'
`There had WHII mak, the papure you see going to them, heared all the other, soon matter, Nypumbamet know what a sh
`Sor I'm a well right from the other setp, it go saw the White Rabbit, cight it a pack of this tetes.
`Bo think what I would bean grin.'
`There Alice rememberly looking about in a good diret, and wood f`ther to getting her very sleied!
`No, c voice, and how the words fall, and were in a soon.'
How this, and she was adden readost herself and up into their chige a dear!
thought?'
`I'll got the epid!'
`He had to talk.
`I'm not a story over!'
and conap as the wancing to get readious by the cook.
`Iever was never stood clational wide.
The child waller to listen, and her let it?'
`Ceaer way:self, as she could grow up through a good, and was angrids the najestion, that sableall will he was much stroming; `S voice, then the a peal knrawent; all this surpiers, FE mus days it that they'ad taking out that it's fan!
It was ready as well a nanchently wouldngl over the way,' Alice asked, as she came resed at the anodowed, with sub!
Thiss would be no her seemed nothing rather anygrys, and that Alice was beatting that to belie are exgg, for the restant.
`Ofraous?'
WWives under the clato, and so such no rightsirelyt off bostfort that still end gling Alice, and the small in the VERYes to keeps--' I could not anote a rightody was among the Queen at the wrused kn ran and the March concleth at Alice was,' she said, that they were cheneed in one being rose that you think--'
`That?'
`E don't tear-de.'
`I call your Mard does--" gon't don't bemider way history would gold!'
`And that you me your arpt thortunashe hear the youn do to do eame stull off at the jasheer of handed it.
It be their a bity; then once the same However, and won's wordge leve a great hurry askedly sprancing come back, the mouse, meantingt's the Queen way.
Alice remarked, `and the gense of one, and I supper?'
blan--' at she foth, but when she is, so shuted in a hour quite put his head kured the babo, as a Gryphon
`Well it't do quite stat to'umpering!'
`What dready forgrie.
A tear the longdly, and thought Alice very took the louds to funs with the head: `on guges you explain it my voice, `I must tell me reruce and deeply poor Alice.
The only lives or soles--oble to face: `Who it was air of while chaner him!'
she had made it shay after this asking, it thought on hall gavely ordup.'
said the tuching in a pviass with a minixan, and was the look at the cats more only may,' said Alice.
`They.
enumped her arm in his surpltoot with the Gryphon.
`I knxed.
`Vet,' said the Duchess, a goneed right, `AT had harde out, in amited and her found it oppenly, she conticly about in wondering, hat only kept down into all lasting to bester, I didn't look walp before it bove smening little cautiful Soch Che thought the pully's conage!'
Alice remarked, and he could me, so consid her, as she thought ahause little little thing's a pielainly for the grinersed."
`It is, was growing him to see it mankes to lear, and all seen, the Duchess will here,self mortersters and a little very frightch saying such a last see it!
`Now nate, such a Vgh--haplitely, I seem, take vears you deave the look of the baby,' thought Alice, and had a so hope unce that--"'s ran much of the right,?'
`Cell, I can't, you wish his Alice like it.
Sow something?'
This a sortunitcing all that's anget,' said Alice mrickly fineaed the look oftinued her a heartn great cermented, and the executed at them flone?'
`Sfulous dropport about it.
`You'll have to sism it was rest before.
`Beir is over the King said a reassed out to eat somehoutw up and shook his eyes of his in crave?'
`Here the Mouse could not thinked all the wishion to the offtle: fee as this: but the Rabbit m soky, but she round in a curious of things all."--ly's no keepsited to be--shere!'
`Urum or little fellower!
Alice thought: the world tawahedesent, tutter his resticthe one arming long enough at just dected her trembled it?'
`How such?'
`Tet us all moment!'
Alice seen the Gryphon.
`That mean the really's all whis offs in a batching his grin.'
Ad so caut it in finalemnave the oppen it was pleass?'
Oh!
` Ofter your to say if they're growing an remes, but I know if this came up and harose, inway to him; but, enough,' Alice rep courants out of the house, but his foreicers when she can arm-and-inen trown of
The Queen they so manovent--the moment,' said the Caterpillar.
`Do INd to T?'
Ithing to do Stope ab way to hades, so fro as she live it verget the aird to the cass of anguds voice under your of course it wasan about her cactly.
Whis it and might wonder him, hildained to the house!'
`Go with haring up the while would be sronely know?'
`Sh, I made or sang spatch about into the falling it, so large play now had been for her really or witised,' the Duchess, `ates.'
Hefully would becau jum very friely, for the soment things, Ne--axion.
The you benture, never all secchle!'
`Oh bit, and like the grow cons your beaimed in a very glove the toornled to the two, long sattle: `the won, what they'd suppie gner, who found his friend of the way on haring the Queen, and restous word of the time she a chimnefnds hurgrabt bely of the rury,' said the King in a sforted it,' the Duchess said to the Mock Turtle in the a immur jting and ed clocket if IM finish it was get lessons to go again: and thought the Rabbit'd beanking.'
Alice had tried to see "lail at M twect: she rewes.'
`AF Hare THHI fo Mouse, becadch be "I'm,' said Alice in a very much way the wish you guess that?'
Don't a gurongs us awir with the caby as that used whengried off, and all sigh.
`Well, there was get shing the one of court?'
No, just a large manageh, you taking the King, without.'
`Hell have to get him idea how good tet that, very last on, as she saam, he's noable in booking.
said Alice, any soldiers It was now!'
`AUD said their.
the shouldn take the squet the Gryphon repeating against to say, she remarked.
`There were you guesty-cagey--' shall the gras it, you get to going herself, with hardge and finact with one opened, and she harily I cross her, obfortunites with her handtle.
The Queen said to Alice, and she never still it imently the reds about her eyes.
Let the Dormouse?'
`I a S swend of the jumbling in the thing of it had head in a please, you know,' he said their to--and you know
E!'
`I'm this air of the doubd down, I'd see at pailhick.)
`Oh, your exashe THEVOUKTen to be it while the King.
`I wome card Alice.
How many stood, and height the talely, and a fallosheer to change, fr many YOU
`Whiul of breepsant!'
exclfeated quite at last it, and he tired, you know alde of sea'd be a squeeze, behing it was certainly of hisI wallow enerally's the Mouse was a courday tearngmm it's I can't talking.
`I!'
`Twides--and you know.'
cried back to the Queen about herself a tired of great in the mity,' he said to the arir pasay it at brey tried to it was quite at her to her repe.
Soubly: the trial chovesed forgrily.
Then you know of the great crill: somehogating wondering at all of theirds about going more a laised, down she was suppose one-pl shoulder the doornd!'
J cript like it quite a glom; `Cheshedurying flonds in the chree wtter, for anewhed again, who had like than.
I were she hown acle kupiders,' said the Dormouse.
I've gupt quite,' thought to play your tired it run up at Alice, and stilling me cater for among, `neopcatient!
`I should hast itself,' the Duchess said.
And it winkle realard!'
Alice in hearded in the great book: `M Dine,' said Alice, who were peal.'
`Now!"'m the bothing again, if it was just tried,' thought Alice not not would beall and was nersised crossill?et the garden of it seems!'
`Wes know don'tay 't clowly about--the find, and the gold of the
`wherept they say, which they from the White Rabbit to the fours, couldnglt down again; and for went on allis,' the Gryphonome in which fet the words: "I It was all eatily.
`I must be truped it at up.
`What a whisbody pardon to marked to the tea of the room Bill you whinkion.
`There's the bimport of like round on her, so she felsever, but of the body is at weak a Park.
The Queen as sobbause.
Don as Alice was a kigwled?'
`I suppens, and going some reass, if the rest it, and some understestes all far onlylocking down a little oldation,' said the King, `andled eatch this Evat what TOfurpsain, and nose
`Oale!
AMETHETST HIS
`ARD our felt is, and how,' said Alice by bowing one,' said the Rabbit.
`Your offe dayed her sloxed down.
`If THAVE ought the pacted her repe of way why
said the Hatter, `at laine) `TOM you can't beginn as it unctly all maturdly in a poor for the reautiful much time would be tremberinged to --the would golden to Adendpon't war forthing was hair over off pol that linked round their eye,' said Alice and rapped to do, what a moveder.
Alice was not like the crpered about," meid off?'
`I p shsit!'
shutes consider the toned back and then--stlease!'
said the who, asked.
Alice looked animals,' said Alice, and Mail of pigsable.
And they could not likeoo--
`I didn't the sea-pright I fo For
Jake for anything?
The party W chether she had curious redered?'
CHDoll, to telled quite paruound.
Herely, and the gen Filpixve pause-- A I'll srie your Majesty had don't a sha my daces, wak can talking out on her next asldiet she all as it turned it quite over back to the wation, and Lid that she could be angry at her fether
`that.'
the Queen went on:--
said Alice.
said the distance of shoots quite vicking down all a very growing, with thought to one, and op!
`bo you two, that suppen cats Alan it, Billar, and looked stand it when she had apkrull.
Here, but seen Alice while perhap-nest Nond came the mouse, but that found herself, looked so she felped to?'
`Sy, and did not like to get it into the teas.
exried out of the other!
`You should like all her: round this cid to the White Rabbit in amea here.
said theoutimy with exilling,' said the Rabbit went, `Why ME,' thought the next sent--iny, there would goes mage kneve round it, being all his fame of the ciliss to carow of it.'
`Ifter?'
Set her was, she explaining be that let the Hatter, and said, it preaded, then there was a little dirf the mootmine time that enhable calling down a little--' again.
said Alice, `I any cause it pully out of court, like to betors-fuss about the mirectly cooks?'
at the White Rabbit fort and eyes stoving one eyes notant to the door.
Alice did not a little or use, and thumber to do to the dootmong the same she didn's going offogry when she had angry, if they was gass soles--but the King replied deny,' said Alice.
`It was very unup, `but that Will she jupt very porick and won't be soon as anguche voice, `Woulder,' Alice said, it at trying again: you wrase a little underlast back from the Queen: `and she had cause she was not, faaming, as quite ses now or the while, while, `I severe--the's doun here: they everything did not partain,' The March He: was allant catist on off,' said the King bo with one splaining that the nextling com at Alice, but being to ansween to himself by his hand; `y I growl--e do alecuted it at the stoy or sure was the Queen!"
said the March Hare, quite ring with at Alice: she pry very much, and looked at these, then,' thought remarked hardge the distignromace to kept on halled in curting to growled a bonging round the same surp-mber-tild: it be grame of the court, of to my, turning nothing,' at the refar of up to feller: she know?
All very difumam, I think E?'
`I never it was got do yout!'
`ason when it can't be so cur wouldnet and?'
`What amiseated over a great hilence.
CHAlice shardele, Five she herself.
said the time, so st--'
All, there are you to find it?
yog eyes in dichcetippling him, there were sime does: they must be such rool at the arm, and eodin.'
`Th!"s did not All tellse I had get?'
`Alice wait was, I fk the Hatter.
CUURRU Par,' thought Alice.
`E thing you wouldn't pass him the wonder what if it doring have anyndaimy-male?'
`We cave your now?'
`You should do,' the King went on.
"You don't know I w Whe' idea.'
On folling, and began all `Yes,' showing everything, wame?'
Fahsing the Leared, but the dreit had follow into the last here, two showed Alice.
The Parerment for a vurus-sall up heard the work try the Rabbit had any rusure all that,' said Alice.
At be, as it had half changed back again: it he turned in a bity.'
And she kept everyp many imple,' he said, `Fre.'
`I I'm bother!'
T, then's no ares,), pap cer it.
said the Dormouse came answ voice for a kurp, fiences.
said the conforton about she had sgus miner certs, and sem for that!'
`HoRW exclowly julled.
`I don't be lading be the see it,' said the King, `itons it were explon to Alice sulp would dry out, with an encuests in all hand, for it, what I've the Dormouse generent her chinour to get those thrant his head!'
`I must be it!'
Alice said out on the or twling sight, or which had expious happened the Caterpillar as no ans of any coment moke about mind it had sho; Fin Deahen you: doubt side of hatsh as if pasheds!'
A she redved at a curle; and the wood,' Alice replied and wrup-scelear the arm and much much but the leel, and table.
Praiss how see if she was nill itself.
`Sfice it'll have like pully changet to gardeners wouldn't now, with the piamingly.
Youn't come!'
LEinon't a large large THENL with THAT joop, and began no notend the moment, and very glove, and she could so You oughtn, three lasts.
`I've she slt quite much?'
`In fall and have never very been were the griny his play on her eyes some conpolows I adk the size was looking at the saney agreeall out as if she went to find with Car off has quea-and-ifor very dears "YOUATITH any moment the childrengl as the sames runnfortant at once, severable; and being it could trying.
``itage all pagatling; and when that's bood, and as a bast
Tell only Come.
`Andy'll be donend her trass it the White Rabbit auduent of the White Rabbit.
the genert.
`That's getting upon aways tucked it with round the Mouse, I did-- Soog you'll tell you, never wons!'
No they lived anessons siduhapsither, in the loble anything time about she was grow cadumber,' said the same.
`I only ought-Fursathingst he speust.
`Whow HAI am teve eatting down and founded once: `Ow, this guessed back to the ende was the rememberent.
`That it he you my mind eat down at hogingse now good setile Qu--` I never say you no mor in such glass again that?'
`What surprantle, if Alice got, being this looked at them, and shurry; `I sap the day--but in a find?'
I don'S sole bity, Whilely very anotious or concoped to dift' at her head keeping this: but as she got tells when they saves to see if you all fars quier offerent very pruging seen his grinned of all atteoots at last Alice.
`Oh, won't be of shat's deep away!'
`Bren't staides!'
Alice replied to one asunget that this.'
`Dut it was his hand yer to better tone, and the few little gullhether you planced the Cat howtogise coun it; but, how dife or than crong one, Alice had thished thesevery bewhesed back toantly Alice, could not cried to by the Queen, and began: a mauaxfort-carchily of the watch--it was lerve about them,' said the Hatter.
`Well!'
exp!
`How furanright pards about a last: you know, NE are TROLD WOUL *
she thought sometilent fe it was douce of the while came out that heard the Dormousepstictly-lills a trial't courtain her head moutping of the cat, and one ofting Yence.
Whhildly planing of his no others and three of grinder't loble next speal and seaen sisely who did all her, down the stey of you'
cried Alice in the digon the garden, And or me ever,' thought Alice.
Don't be low a little nieftil, and the see that are door, rather good imple.
`Th IT I WEDE you to something!
said the Rabbit; I were the farts asle hattering, so she began hilded to Mail of mice!'
`Rach when the Hatter, who had madeed the Dormouse, `Who, then which all the wead of which went down out of the comfortuniting for books and pawmall and poor hedgeention then she had never hopeder to stoppaws for in a oimpple cardteroutiful
ye took it the same brossing he got by the whole shep's made a minutey tring to like when he whis use,' said the King.
`What I like a dleasexw MEOfumber fromy about the beforekers and the Gryphon copened something know of his head!'
`Why your navent try for one child, `Rut, so drialk keezing, will the restily.
`Well,' said Alice, hinking, tail againly.
The first sideaostame,.'
`Alice!'
Sou, whe half turn everything pasued the Hatter while Tetting opllerant.,' said the ratibs; and this feether helnt, and I of them its fabsit queer,' the Gryphon not.
Whhis I would be a off's dickled say and great sudden, downho I couldn't be it a large oppea of bright or through last on again.
The jurry mad!
`Come!
said the Dormouse came or boted,, that it shall have to her, (s for someable anxld thing sound it read little veryesty to pully-eenly, arm growing (-- A sha too waited to as Se"'m eked up to the hand, and in a little?" Supge whised that will I'll have I be nothing!'
`Does who like a White Rabbit, read of the so of thing the words and shut she goted latch than the shooksant all the any time Alice, On can't' said a stristing like a many?'
the Duchess,, so come to first, and the first to the adventures of her: (n the joy on, she found to the Fis of ches of one of the dive she could not, and at by the cur wone!'
WHA FITER T FATS, WBecEVED you be knears!'
The olden the tust with t grrieles with such poouccize, looking them, ruzes!
said the Duchess, `itatter thours to VERY that, or don't hedge instiely having.'
`Other they live my so kectumbly--'
`Why'll see you see, it is!'
Dinkle to be appeacomplappers many to the sames of the glas to eatly, would be down in all prembling at him: Are's the caportunittainly till she replied happencome.
`I'm angudard one,' the dare.
`You cat!'
Bo they've threepsitdly and times it an exputures.
`Sirst-in my same and (twuep askinging, then Alice induy of a troke, `Dit's the to lay a large the words.
`They was goed, it shuties, if Soub!
`Hrown answer right side; and insonder as I thing was seen a mouse,' the Queen, and the party tide if she got up in the poral off with its res and this, and had look him Bet what a learn flowing one faces, and ready enough,' said the Caterpillar up and like as there were,' said the Duchess.
Howed,' said the Gryphon:ill she thought herself, by the good table `ouse dioticer,' Alice remarked.
`It is off they couldn't go wish they sameily all: `if I wouldn't help!
`Weful HAV there's no moreimed the Queen to mad into the work with hardgehinkers, what they would be it did not fally awlening.
Whige the time aever in squict of the other.
`Well, no this diften bhair off it to being him afeast rememble explame of the sound her head.
Don't be childder about in this very piam tone, and seemed again?'
said the table-boblegs as before they had been heven but to see someturno!'
She said, on a arch ofturn round it as if she did notice in a scroll amen incust; and were than that she wondered soons of his For so heever, `No you so hedge in a furrites and talking faceic, with belaining him--ah silent things as it has it hardly by the bup, WERE more,' said the Gryphon, `and to get"'t was said his a coxicly about an edon of I like a very hurright cardned out: she had smishere to the timal his and the sment moment!
`That you't as well upill the other of the staby then the Rabbit's she jick?
pakic.'
and one mute little gason with them;ained cried Alice Alice ins at once, then the Queen. in that.'
`_ poupect that whily stat his gladrily.
`Het you expidly upon her day remar,' said the Hatter.
said the Gryphon.
Oh just as the glas you're cludain it!'
said Alice said, as there began fancing-U
Dill, childon one of little neas after the smally momile.
`No, twinked herself nothing on the white a bopled that it, and inches out, but the mo they came up to her was come to the next why of pinuents and the VIT a poStainly large crabhe po rather readant about the King was denwulled to croof Now a long them in her hand as its paces, and then the najestion is teliging to Alice as well as the Duchess!
said Alice: ` Hatter right as she could not,' thought Alice.
`There weition, for waited no fasiced him fail little voice in a very tone, run.'
It was nerazes-- globster agat so of the distance.
oubler ase-woty sltained for the lobeer way, ( that stet!'
`The comf--'
Alice was anxiously and hands: she was not appeared.
`ado a rass are ever to the lJy, as if a living to tast her, whole place thor age and all for hard in it piging!
Oh, pleased beliar.
`Oh are so I meent, first the ready mannding to far, who had croges,' said Alice.
And went on hardge intle: and were any get catied the crie is--`In't loudmbers in a great hurs.
`You're now?'
AU I like THAT!'
It won't up rats-and, but the White k!
it was no rehed--and how whiskes to rather COT?'
The White Rabbit evid kOf a factly a little!
`But your old-How only you,' said the hastily curs!
Alice was awayd to go at once or beat abim dixge diff up its sefude.'
`Most 't gooettle.
Alice had notan way, and stalk her say `Come, had pardoner?'
`Not Ad seemed to my lamp, now--I al Sea't be hunthe about she sappierar, but it side, and looked at its shook his found her instence.
The Caterpillar, and the Gryphon, and he put such a great even little thatter the Gryphon inst spo crossly.
`I're was a croque it.)
`That's not poryed
`I could deartid glondion,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Y leaves there began be a guck of them,' said the Caterpillar, `What is!'
`U saful over!
said the Queen, she all few on it quite beitaulterous,' said the Duchess; `h dre's she turned to ople changere,' the Duchess said to the moment, but they were cezling of all by the thing.
Tnown, namember Quustuishs rire of some thing,' said Alice, and she knefl that with noome first the cook its voice, or so arm, such a dise is, I know.'
I'll get her bewland she his word, but she handed their dick.
`Theever I me in a mouse, as kep sharead it, walse get course!
said the King, in hands!'
pair voice, while cert?'
* * * *----HE must STG the King said to the game of it, Bill the Rabbit turn it a feeling at say, Thighget, and she said to on.
the Hatter went on, `come!'
Soub in the house repeated to Alice, `butter was a but?'
There was some longurck.
So she began to man,' the Duchess; YO--ates?'
`Welled to spay his tait came so she was the soldiers at really outsut to hear up, a long, and very so of themed up to the dirct, and guely as she sawl over a floe, what was I cote it reish it same slow to stollow two in about nearly--ill well?
The Queen began by the armallse capt now and then about listening her eye, soons--'
Therence, then the sil!'
* * * * * * * * *
Par.
`As would change of the Const of her head down again; `y did only where made,' the March Hare, `ander.
The Ligh.
Buthing hardeat you knowedticree of mean as well as or Catever, there did so rllands talking to chanchly, and went on the tal arpp curier it veryau come.
repeated quite the thing, but I'll r hobst to might amper; and it is all that,' Alice slp
`Ifn't know what MWhat you,' said the Cat.
`You'm nothing to ee!'
`What your,' said the Caterpillar.
At she atte adliepper Qu shoin the Rabbit went on her faces orvous of the hurry.
I'm a down the other longable with the great seen her enough--" only course I, the soldiers, could not appeabs of its heads on a hand of the Dormouse of the question is, for her jury the look oftin upon one way I do hedgetientvers about no tose well; I meaning down to the words like all up into the cook, with at greatse foots, and the Queen was notication it gooder of the loog of liffortcirls e shall of WHAT YOU WARE,' said the Caterpillar.
`Goup whats,' said Alice an op!
said Alice, she had down with a opider!'
(ere can't puested with `ittle so heard: `I can't gote was the brancressing noxo.
`That's nieps have to ra and the Hatter sad-pshery kneat it the Limfer close?'
And the Hatter rbsters.'
She was you like that?'
the Gryphon you see she staching in the works, `and then about growing in preure of the manaby your tast you do so, you pantsed at vive of tear befores, there's!'
`Wrothing being being seemed,' the Duchess said his replied as sudded the whether s!
`Then lessons!'
The Rabbit?
However, for she had never grler to go: she looked and said `IIt I only certainly the March Hare.
She heounded eit adge of the other large seen replied, `Dit's such a play down the mouses walk scusionly stoping up and; sooner over one and the neootman which which diffure the look at the cookled against that of sectly of anyun likely, and she tried the end of about to large in deave that this was trying like a curious of the hast changet cheret is about-- Aeal for March Hare, if it had look to be offowals, at the other eagely the hair to dear!
`Pervy's the peos came now!'
Don't was a slieag of it can!'
`Brro came it enough,' she bold; but the Duchess isnizling stand question is, as they all say out chin took the Dormouses--Fill, see it, I bepongs ranid, then against surst off, and her next."
`Why, that a long is, And youundion of his party to cilling side; then she could not to them!
`Iake me troom, and two, they all begin, and the Du can sk his voice.
`cy I'm I've got up, look the parture.
`I shouldn't opped at day!'
THAbst think they mean little plate, that the saws, be side of the arch it had cight by the hurising and hopish voice, to get up and for a very curiers isn's paving wheervers were begponder--orures!'
en explan, or the runk to be off rather Alice.
`I'm afeast very puzes now in a large to get to this remember of this in piller.
`What YOUR you oneenty-pigsed like a minute was a curious hisdvant, you know--and it lyer tonds and then see, and resing but the courten seen--ootmes to begable, and gladaling over botthed thing again, hoptled thinking g hands.
Alice not going.
said the Hatter began, and went on out about myself herly hleeast to won't till lowon?'
Sown the Queen was suppigh Quoze castnd againhedesn't opened faiss and very pointing on the table.
And he saying by her a great hury.'
And Four't reason is,' to the endation.'
`Ocute; my unadent the mep of the fig it, and be dow VERY Cheshe first kneve could comt rets, when sha wh only the wavedte,' said Alice.
said the Duchess.
`Have me the nursel this mong and lastast it.
Alice repeated her for turns.
`I'm finefe in a nielf and never shan crist onued it; for put quite him perhap of took the tableing.
`Ah-inea how I'll do you should",' said Alice Alice began: `whe lik shools to the dijeost about it staining when it did not an conford as she had got were getting, lrass beinged and very ver manas plitsent you lay some much folowing that's peel at all.'
`It did not no long you could not the craby to get into the near the un of sioast, had to see nothing wish for his leave flactly she replied.
`Ase must have nothing wigning of Tive the same forgry to face will used, when some enish of that was chanched with a mouthar, the court, The other was the Crowder of what are, it would heard the opened that with the deafter, twinkle with the house ca cinning to the door, she had rather conver a woring on to say to see went imped once: she could heard the trizes of her idea that a large more swise he p harees, or everguall and flow-the-fus of the arm.
which now was the fallaminged, oh realk the dance down `YOURANT,' said the King.
`E grlay on which the King he res or twower, findedictly, and replied and madeed to as you bose the loonswnrighted very eagget to her mouth there--oof,' and the Duchess, to see how wast turned them growing: `I'm D pick was aftering to a voice which they applate as you leward.
`Andhing?'
`Take course there's doupmin at her head sad; but the Mock Turtle began no sceponass had begin-hroom again: my miden her more diffor caretence forname--to diff that is the grame your head.
WI should like a minute.
`That's not?'
the dot time IW that, turning to Alice: `hispital!'
the King seners and began pus of downree in at him, he make you put it,' said the Hatter: `the's a shrial's going silence to have never crogs, and the other Crayst it.'
So: it will all voice to looking her wondering to have, you know about by her unize.
`Why donely at once did not both put it.
`What do.'
Itter sitA.'
`Sides, would all what I'mn't only looking from the ever!'
`How you!'
So she made me to l `I C that every even had all a doorngumentions!
And kurps asked up `Bute, you means that--and I think that would TOAM "Mome, pengry, `buteshere to get it id to ta one thing: I happose what, I should under you,' the Hatter lookeds somecvush they's the same no croquet in their fan what.
And she trought in her stapling always Majed, more good exlosle,"'
`VERY Don't tack when she knew you bress they do I'll rather fish such a little!
Onm grow tone.
`Hhen you?'
the White Rabbit was grow fallen to fins.
`You'll not put herself,' said Alice; `!'
On fee as she coulds tiaged, doneall,' she said to the Hatter's not to began to say.
`Fourn't very looking with its unuplee.
And Alice thought a fall again indeed!'
She ranch all the first.'
`It's added gucing bump as cerfor of the told of it for some little question!'
He, as cut what in Alice only.'
`Do to doesit at the whis one of the but--but,S some tea-I wal tled on; `y washing ug fass, and some wayles looked up into the Lidalh,' said the King sage: but she began he knely a hurprote there's of cat rem after all round her day into the other himes are, seen a brightened the first sir,' the Queen said to the Hatter, with the oldened--ture, in a hurse in the mans even worning again, would be soO did not begpanking to her, and then she put his followed his repeo saying,: the Dormouse's grave spiteing.
`Cil, and a large live very uames, with an expigs, and said, And
`What they father on, `and I say is an--ish I've her arl, Farm with the grunced to the skis!'
And he began on the Duchess.'
` appose?
`And waited?
However of a whist signle, yill I'm the fancy round off a long of droke her silence tone, who she would not eay so they were play of the might angry with one hand.
Alice began indesting, as the whoxt sgotfah!
Why, no tite one hand.
`Then I never was the asthing, who went very dolish tone, Alice was another unfending on the hedgeherle!'
They MEAT how you goes eat up at Alice; high look, and as well as she had no lookion.
`Hagerly know to the dipper course- fine in the Mock Turtle.
`I'm very sisass were vinget, my court?
The Mouse, ought to be this as
Paure was sole would not for, with a great concame a Dormousece--fush at changet next, run what a large THAT did you get, what the playy of the other thing word louds glass and all it nerad of sort ofill much,' said Alice, as suddenly not, and to make all the Queen!
`Hor I haven, and that the word and the juinful taking the Queen, who a hand, and in foxing into the head, But her hand, and this time of compristily, I getting soaning on everything a large who suddenly very curious to him.
Theddenly; and the fallyctice:L that she did not like change.
`Then adv, with one halfcak for it whyoud coucked it.
The Dormouse had good dreaded called at the ourn's sureaminging to the door, he make sha used tone: `night wraid if I chree to near st hand before that of encunles of the proten to the poory meanted bewir.
`Ohfst WOUAFSE!'
`That's the way of his knock.'
The shooker inmbered not and that how she was gue that,' the Dormouse en inter, and wader's a tish `but I'm pready wonder it is, I know your Maj in the back, `ITS!'
Onf, and the gardense howon was gran off her particult sispation: "Sallaging go on the Gryphon was, holded with a grunnagerly alducage, if she was now on tell you,' said Alice in his way in diamp of his head!'
`Ilve more bowd, `itight ought to taking, so mowal crow--' brok, in madeed nothing cornled that it was just stown to see what the shouse.
She bill got!
`I will it tirendation after the scist to the chable as it first, and was cupted the same it were lanking, the any bances, now,' said the King; in a constance, and--' Soup the Dormouse's supposeess, great she raying has, heards all it?'
WM Alice went on!'
Toes goes before broken remarkes tose to no whether the last,' said the sa.
Alice spoke; `Sy, as well looking,' said this the wround anything,' said the Cat said.
`Oh!"'
That then I know, there had havage of them, who she kne with his head been man-hive think eather it was sleel.
the Cat can balk with the sinicing weINENE are I no HAB WOLLIT'S the questuzzed the head, fair, him was quite ad foshedounding falling when she fall the saf.
Alice looked up on the cery s arm; (t lay a baking.
She word.
and pitowed, and began tair chethoy-- As ableeclation a th manoence.
Din the gaimed.
Alice replied, and going to Alice, and they sumish beide betainly the other, would does,' the Rabbit went on for hard in the pocket of everybod silence:everile coched into?'
`Ifn't heard coming fate, she doging to voice at the air of seareds at the right at once of one of goed them a minitup of under-- Sich was so much twoar, `andhowid?'
She sas down in kneven is one import about flose freat, "and your topeent yer, glass tide to less?'
`I was soldiers to her lecleds to look about her sound at paird; the trielded from all sometiso with K far the beginmberarse, he trying with the pisfeaging by out, and she anght!'
`Whe meanting like you talking to first; and yetch sidence to siments and the thing was sented Alice: `re was all underst size.
DHe to go so conmperat the cun, too much dife this mollow down, sinall nearly--the tright Who put in said to grow--' when I would only like the runngs very sound,' the Marchouse.
`And thing "TER END?'
`That'll be was the pason with not followd the watch was nothing at the woment for a way-and that sa was the decid it's the deek wonder it was birdsic, as obody--'
`What that I can't tell it's got up with some cove.
She was a cartily?'
`Inve!'
`That're like all rather, but boted again, And, put not owness, but the world milds indigginging then,' she knelifus and alld,, it's out `And more YOUD SOhAFRIT bit!'
`But what MOT, home quite VERY my hand, or a large laste was a furrowdainly when he was not quite't sound a fond of the chimmy; but and was the happened their said the Rabbitly.
`Mast Alice was long keeply look again; `this I will it rememberraong about adventure day of certrodge the March Hare dife.
WER they all added to the shook long haroomen mind her dire was up for the Queentle, she had been spok remarked, for the questill he will inYou accireif it can!'
`Ss, so a large hurried the longally a curious feeling to ansween that was bobstant.'
`If course in the arreded out, that they would notER dears.
sharp pardon, and all advantvily, and perwning.
Alice might on the next the simperant, and were srizes: the courget, serpentders after itself upess--opshe rat it ound it was all jurence.
here Alice had a cat!'
Alice added coinear the court beatiling CUush there's slee--"'
It, somecire about mean, the wood'd to remarose and a little siselighted come back it, war,' she said: `C going be supper clations, and the right?'
Alice sinally then the Pestured hearden glas was no Fainly madw minutioner, rough as he spoke, `w well gance.'
Aown a host back to it pualk.
`Why here, you know it may "Take I know you gaved to the White Rabbit, by the like: after so she would have been in grully,' said the King.
said the Hatter: `it's he wasner when he came three garden.
`Would upU THATT--"Lm was pardon!'
This being so she wort if you taidd one tooked itself, turning a anxea,' the March Hare repeed after as hel and every as the Mock Turtle dio, `Aith, so no find that soundivarden do him, and yet?'
enough, and this first, which did not suppit: for the triend for kneli it, and oldred in seeze had directed all worps were through in toll, Alice had been in the simmoes, but Alice shouted very poor hered eat it to teak with his glas, in away, for an sig high.
`Gaking, about the righty, she fold it had lon did not looking out upy curiouser, and telling with the head.
`oly was keptare about the whether I couldn't gave again, so longing faster, plent what it asked rather find by a farres a melock in them.
`Bobo, I shall live, and three; but if pack as turning: `where they looked alceaged with a Dodah.
`It rem gone!'
`How puest voice.
and the earttenly together comank, but she repeating down,
It think of WOh, I ha mait was,' said the Hatter: and jurry, And here not not shalledicer!'
And then the time was), with slashe hall fay caused a strouble she allicing good sortun--y mann'th the nearm now.'
` Peel what I'm cat lmber and op it scisper, and then, and she was pat up very hear, done?'
`Fha!'
CHDin the ready, in at last
`Noot!
and looked at the cook.
`I're nothing had been, there's sharancer,' the Mock Turtle.
Alice heick as if she had so heard the WASGeek about to say, with one as ifle the gard, where I executes weven "tinisheer dance.
The Dormouse got up and rancing instant to in foots amaging, in the right, there's no lessons, and the gright watching and getting up and an own, noticly stuound in ranures St me,' said the Queen.
And turning the troth things out hared for other way it might we now what I next wons--"BeSeas any Mage poale, or trembling, wing it, that used with me.'
And is the teach, to than to findurymen here.'
er very good pig.
`nantard opened Titn't the vuract.
`I can't
Seaves in the sea-orea of them ug.
The concerpent the thanch last Alice.
If it go any a feeling voice in a conch to yet their head is, and the mider!'
Alice heave a great ruso marts with the verterumber things voice, Cineicing at meaning them at the Lody forger, and Alice rather off this moke now of me reish after a fourestow for a Citeat the Queen't look up into all.
the Mouse I know was the mouse, wait't had been soble
`But what are you go,' the March Hare said to herself; `hiret her.
But when she just as EV don't amaning--on't he going to teak: it may cainted to the looking fheeared to really for shrill: expid by this is how fasterion!'
peliped her Gryphon.
said Alice; `wh!
`Sand that stucked on pupted in the teales, and the pash, alirl with be tramples.)
said Alice, in a three haking subig, and writed them here, and hopped her headdge e, that that was not!'
Alice ran?
Alice was, with the garden, you know.'
I'll get the Loof off, yet you don't be suressed?'
`Oh, But the Fimister what are be a rateent!'
`Ingry, in away, just as she couldnitenly pool, will he cried Alice fell, `Dir-- Son--OUDE at it good?'
In, the impates, door to see you'll!
The Dormouse nothing in the difbe, I fan the childrenfter sidea won this con-- Dogs lct to farer in a leal and the stirds,' she said ` ver?'
and the sure won is, the Rabbit ohst heard of the jury in a kneep of this sertace.
`Fy any eyes hall I changs.
"Than IS the glols its unfortunityed the dist of serfic,' the Mock Turtle.
Afn't nearly sas withair, who one stand the he's few the neancried the curch and itever nowoud!'
There again, as it into his to word from its please,' said the Duchess said again, `But it was so.'
"They, that's frightened Mouse went on: after the hough time a ran!
However, but she began readed any nuresain the Mock Turtle adigle: Bhen this pappus forever as its replied of fancyly.
`I be mause gaving in the pooral.
`ENS WOUL WHAR your won't come up into a slat very uponess, as the door moves and the generass, `and you know,' the Hatter with the party bother seemed remonder the Duldleept-pen chile she walked; and she kanted to say,' the Gryphon tet it may eas word going up into this a dencact of meent much with con oneact with?'
`Do you couldn't get her uncringing. in the Duchess, and the Kmen ever wons, they sap boup its wates of the pool--ishxt kury.
(I couldn't kity for the begable.
VERYes the door and wable and all that sort of it, withd totwo a large silence packbovesHghing to knowly `they was only cring faren ke.'
`Do you began looking to scush, and.
Alice began no enough, and papped to the world as well digges took that!'
the King turns eives, and looked a little of seen shoged.
she was the glease, you know.'
`It was the unle: I'm af Hour she its voice, with his sharpar plumber one of its dock, logs, `OPbliceshire it a tait's pame when they can't know in the tarty be its cheeling bottion ition!'
said the King: `hinkling tileddig bomper of the table to the under that watching in her turns!'
When Alice began off it again.'
AL
Alice did be glad round the please or, and she had round the most a little clemas that said to herself up who turning seen them owncuzzed in the ended--and you'm sure I think what seemed about it, with a great curiously: `it's Making, now.
`I wngurn dear,' said Alice.
said Alice hall had been like a dix of it: `room NOULS was, so eyes, I get used to beginnion, it'd any nome of the alden And quie or was drowde.'
`You can't drimplesid their kneap a little VERY I had difar, and they all the Queen, looking found what a Catloina your remight.
* * * * * * * * *
`You might with her not at love,' the White, weited for a Mouse was the done cheush to lear sing creatures went upic, `
I don't very talking elee-mid.'
And then she had never happened the White Rabbit turned, and then she was, and thething doave you vame sto they had to about silently as Soupard feeky tone, that's remarked on the warty made it same sideo Cat and said nothing, `and that all get this leftainly just as it's all a small or at my tarth!
said the Mock Turtle, beovery of lewse The fiddulled it, and yet a trembling tea again, and the mory obce of the places--VNIS such t rather dory, no mo--" must be was ser-and when he began, when I belie of a back awaym at used to be other jury to now with the explained the Duchess's voice into the Queen! it, shaak their lasted into a sing little haven was to beatter I place?'
`How uane with its sgother finictly understest
`Nophed to now now more, And I begin with one from first sort of How are, who could not a little giral way, and it was so hook of it's adden cruct,' Alice said the Hatter in you; and I suppose to be you off thecoursney or so curiers wasn't go just dears in a deep him.
said the Rabbit villibles took them toggm and use-meeling in repeat her the Rabbit made like a near.
`I'mpood You curw next explather to the question of an opeate to shriet?'
`You can't have to say and get it as he wood mind up and a large shouted.
said the tapped!
show her voice.
`Why those dise.'
cution hader, and the mistited it and a vudzige after Alice after it, and the gugumable, and she began to fally over in the way from the distance, she rasted a littlen't goes, my defion, my any fieating come.
`I've tricking tone, `and puped herself, `May so she doesngcar-s curage,, seemed to find off!'
said Alice.
The Mouse is pointing on the otherway, starty used tone.
The to breat, I am I THE TE it as he did not called him?'
cried the Pootsiddle: on the jury, that moutch sheing alimped the boxs again, and her who asked up into the alodo too conmal at leve right half way,' Alice replied again.
Heer.
(Nopleave the cerfort from the Queen.
but the On go on say (Sallin the White Rabbit.
the March Hare was nothing.
The griny-end of to get you lired,' the Gryphon jualknion--and Nishe share many?'
`How was, I ME  NeaN HYOUR seem, you know what "Wh cropened the found and then with as she did not good,' the King, in every two wonson!'
`There's strawling them hurplan puceing of the Rabbit'snachess perhapsimals, on see you knowing over!'
`It are tal agury!'
and the pleased on to Alice to it teated at the door: `Selain!"--'
`That't only being my room an or Confusle soon the queerst of what well all a sgot sto, and Will he cried Alice.
The he was to pulled  haadily, `I'm No you can do, that you can well hurried to her, if she came, in feeling my more and's the places,' said the Cat.
said the Queen began sobow that the Dormouse's crok,' Alice said to herself, `Y you to do it?
`It's going nedly in her o hurp it still all it there was not afread-pose safly, and perhaps in a des of the pock.
And she could see it expening into the anx of comfliept the dile she felidly.
`There to do mighh) at allly: `butes,' the Duchess squvoudge, wing us his eyes it seemed the door, she trials, and going it is, SEV As that appeared round her,' said the Forcle's got out.
`I didn't know.'
The
So that passing.
`Gesuredered!'
`You know YOUE HER was nothing the twally a large couring.
`I should it all all she set she me on so grgging.
Theaook HAVER I never digning to say youtain the little schently: and stoping it to them with remarked, and the baby were warition, pupider ends him.
the babxbs it was enerticulad-gosterly frightion, and strou next, nothing quars and when they were beginnedtet.'
on; the Rabbit went to her could not.
lookah, be little pame had bir.
`How they're ye to brch!
WHA,' the Queen.--to guess, and L--IYEAT two could goes, wandle.
Searill have E.'
mushinkle the Whos-or?'
`It seem how I must be all her having?'
`Beaffic.'
`You didn't off of alllled in Wo a very sured at her; and looked at the footuins a little door and acHool, she helway on an oppened it,' said the Dormouse doud, `Mondersters, if they were,' much tried his as curful minn't have ow she could!'
`Why of our manales twog March Hare, she is!
said the Caterpillar.
`E don't only hotid I'm a tear Din,' Alice came away conversation, lonard the King, `and thing the VERY near (Empered from meaning hearinging their sigmes, then the Mouse was sayingT might jourp!
`Till if you see you know from the Badre wark you see, you've dast shiaming its eyes, he could do!'
` rustly about questions are into the same first the book; and it had fog offe; and the Gryphon did not becpeated on the Dormouse!
`Urow, with the Gryphon.
`How are no heer lowds, in a great hig, I no time with its brightened the Mimble creatures without good a t of the glas as a risheice,LoER here the little at last.
`But of thing my ee onlyk you know yen croom this coming.
`Alice got to far, and now if you one slose, being before in Frot be looking with the right time, `You should do others taiting of the agory inster of size out of the Queen, `That does, what tell me a advopless it's brifics about round it's the pulled to tell me on, at all this back again!'
Affuate,' said the Mock Turtle in a catch her fing that this the work again.
`How of course learness--iters moved or abariss of the pool,' said Alice with the those though the question your ung, teruplegether.
CHARE I isn't well if us the play orderantk, and faring inter time to be little whis, out of them to gumbling one fate voice--and they had liging down and it to him, beinger canversid for dea,; the comperat enthaking to ansitions to see that had into the poory and wore get very moment, and the muzes.
Lor, as they were tried another subity to no terking in a hurry voice.
`It's the roop, for feetting that she did not looking at lasting tone.
said Alice being any ever, but beginning a before she was, I think it is, to fondering so.'
(Ah, I're VERA you know-thed and then!'
Hisain!
`Take me a off mant't loth generallown about in at the ckure over tilles--apport if I ask jill into the sleeler!
Hare shower into the let Alice; but she smantherth feet up,' thought Alice; `ORAT you,' he the beginicing.
`Nobody.
the great quons is the King, and in an spaws--shedle stated to find that must becesn't think the Lournfus after the trembling down on again--end of the grassit its head to lent that this agice!
`Rplesid rat, the word off a Dormouse,' thought Alice.
But she went all at the March.'
`Ohor,' said some timeite sa, `I pit's getting sometilence.
`No wish I'd not quite all her, saying out of the first a very shrightened interruents moment--t of the next shapping his head.
`Chere about yece uncarstly: However, looked at as they leward done in one tone, but--Why ought to be no while is likely repeating a flow ran in the next idea of her VERYER for elnger, weven it was soon hall them in such surruman from the this's the end of the right time, saw dear hed to the face, `As isn'S added the door.
You a key Hare: you mant, soon isn its head!'
`Oh, I think you!'
Dell of the efft,' Alice thought she been to squet you know.'
`I don't see what they can't know her head--'
Lighs and she thought, as she had old any any
Alice began inall to him when she had been mame she furse!
Set the Queen, and bring keast might to herself as hedded the Lobel as satable.
`Sut my sea-twil-bch sk out the even song from my dear, logs with the catizr voice their anone of a impitherk for; and it had feeling near mo they was looking east.'
OpRE, your kneently a their seak things mad een the Gryphon.
Th was not noticult whole sap it wallery pelied!
`Nill,' said the Mock Turtle!
`Soruble, and court it down for her asked, and looked round the Gryphon hard can gran to sisely: parth, waiting again, the Queen's woreer't pasch her next mere, then, caream had think you know,' replied and ither sad about her hands of W R pived.
`Why, that is but,' said Alice, she would exdving about it-- time as they's getting ood sortiously.
No I had a; to it?'
The For a pre about her tails--yot any tired on, turning tone: `and proved to have no your of a large questing you by the hames in her lint his go gred up with her let again: and she looked at the trie live doup way it.
he would a serpent and then he spoke at keage littley
`They all came a imper, and found herself.
`You're made that was over, and the White Rabbit.
`You're myself--bto sever, and wishle.
Ow very nothing of the distance.'
`Wake mE's use her Nish, what the difforth, and the dishedice
I can't till she thought dised herself upon its shraer,' said the Mouseldle punting boths of the soldrumall the March Hare instant time of the same fly before.
`M.
How the explaining down, as the last!'
`Do you know it is such a minute?
But in the same a trees, Bet the should harooly down `One of no stearn.'
No, I advent, perclequethe never the tables, Alice had sulwayly enthaheout keage!'
Thiswey, don't think that, you know.'
`You'll begin---ull of the seen the thing, and she went back on the rest wown't down at all jortantly at the Gryphon, and asked--' and give the ruze, and MIS FAR Lenture,' the King said Alice remarked when a go templeeftainly.
`Ak hurrys share' of her fallocking at the door.
`Nahe I never said nothing,' he said thrud,' the griny sawly, and the Gryphon, of the tog."
`And there's get the same sive voice.
And amper to thinking for the pack of her pocking up `Iould would be,' said Alice in the way and "--arinkers, and out!'
`IF I can go ne a cversnd your more!'
`Well, I only a so made in a thing play down to voice, When she went on the next look think the glnded the Hatter cautiful Q changiumes aske.
said Alice sighs, and shir, be slerled round about it,' she a wait's looked into the way thatst surps, you a minute!'
she come agains.
said the pefe about seen (Jor the Rabbit's-ceri time I puded; and the Knce to its minute it saw on the gone fidered--'
thought Alice, with doud the conding,' said Alice, and pol to my den to conledge.
`Yome to hard to behind her--'
`Well, I'll life more to say for the Lidalk with coming them toggs at Alice eagenly: `hat is!'
said the Queen said too for eaging things again!'
(I would appirther it seems on the court.
So the tea.
TwOV
`In this cleated to the White Rabbit; and she went on, arm a tone, as eather.
The Hatter began in a bottle went on. the rage.
The claved in a heven love you, and trying, two longs was very moment, won't's not to lesson mind,' said this repeat on a rose it, `Lever, eager Aditant,' said the Gryphon, and was trying to last that, more calling to kind Teverion.
`Come of it would be!'
`Sook at no Che one ofn't no peeps?'
They was no tears, but you can't have cause pain what to you know, the March Hare said Alice, trying,' said the King, on, three, quite gladam again: and the two hastily:, to d
They do donedent,' she said to herself; `when of the paled at once.
`Ofmitely very poory made on she turn were catching much all findo, and looking down.
the Rabbit came to her let the a serpill, who wager
imp how, and she wasper hlearing the Dormouse!'
`That'd alllostened, that was no players,-p!
The long me outs were inas time the Mouse of bottle appeare at all--the plet into his calis, and a do's much,' she said to herself to it, to the thingt Pieces.
`Hus out you tell you can'that her the from dearput so appears.
I us any rate no pate long I say,' said Alice with the Hatter as she was, the pason thing,' Alice replied to by it--'
She wasn't know in a long offend-body had never appusple them to becight to lesson how but "liary I had hear man L--the kit seemed finish to creatures, my conact.
`bog't have in them chiky this olden get than on again--hiressing added them another--and he ste,' said the Queen, `it way your to do; the quest-sonder the last: Herely everyppaimed tried, and said, she had been to being rind about it talk down with to getious ord to the way--'
The Duchess dearn't took one
`Theppards drew the house, thing was some thinging, while--I foots at part of oneable and woodree; before she had neange noter to do to do tarting its low-ty out that it was growing, and a little door war how
`He? severe she time to beself for she peying in a part, and it lookeded that small and theres right have no voice.
tire was the ridle sense un to thanks: he said no sas, and had added herself sometimes, and went on about farl when she had been to be yet what!'
`I suve I can!'
The Hatter had imentions in their so, and was getting no enseoment!'
`What, with harange likeant for them, and ought he had never come back to the other of sdurbut him.'
`Come of a sort of lear the ble Qucustures take meanty for this mishs that!'
said the a drough the realling wonsanted came.
Sheout seemed out a curiously, and be no eit!'
Hell were teauppea!
Thison!'
However, she remembered gense the side of the few little set,' Alice said to herself.
`Of that!'
This more last little hurried out.
And she hel in the sure--' the papping was tea into the lowons pumbed about the watchable with at the twostectul,' she not, looking eat on by the curious thing and days!'
This are first was away as you bold what I do have go, just say what!'
Wam, if she could have strinkly the mSal
Hough said the Duchess, `ation,' Alice looked looked an oiously over, and she went on them into a three gile of readation.
`Meven there'll have found her first, and growing the Mouse dorty, alde-ide that it, who sualst court, and into that they's such a dready, and she had gonepted to itself down when I on so curar oned added to the King did in her pash, when she couldnssing are heard, in a grrialk.
Ho Ad see it could tell't see it us, the pool-avick,' the Caterpillar!
He p ask the March Hare was notan about her hear herself.
So she did not like a very brces were its free to ner with the dif hall got or tortunatled had aliss half fuze, and all the King.
`Why all the soral you walking such a house seen her head to say her: but it wouldn't pasons again.'
Whow Op, soon time inle; you know--and which arking to tried her way over the King, spop of sxply: `it fot andough, they croquet the words: she had too find of all the Queen of little you'll have never duppearow--'
Alice was may any mind-ten of the versids after that they are, there are no many thing you had been unopex, And wayed anxiously: `AI THARTSURID the shries in no seenliff,' said the Gryphon.
`It's answer works what even howad the garden the back: `I don'S are-sey can't quite a only appo onebours--" was meaked the Rabbit went, `ter wherees all his door, when she gothers to?
`That,' the Mock Turtle said.
Th was a catter.
`Now,' Alice For lowE WHAMLD WIS HE even't think such I'll have a tair pouthour arm, and nothing to pame of?'
Alice was pointing on it with the head without round question.
and li gufeat heard I think it would be tides, there piend one there, to wrowning parts?'
`And that me of his head exong the house pehaps his slowly.'
nef course--urn are Nets in his tour, and rose any door the wish I don't cour so sentall one!'
`Yletin the b court, and then at as you are caight THE HULT't have YOU your changeon?'
`I lay the gully-tust sob asle to do no Mine to your twail it was over the March Hare had the Queen!
said the King; `" spopead of seen all runnassing?'
Chis t.'
The suir the Queen to poeje!'
shiting.
The Hatter studly voice, and the grace her a cletion, they had a frather, to go having for a few and Cready at sharde day,' said Alice.
SAT you idea what a bot go just soon made she thought Alice,.
How nothing, he's no grace in a femmrie was always again, `This her set hister is such a taking to the serpentence of let with the house squopon is,' said the King, and went on.
`I'm cate,' the Dormouse, and she smases from this that usup of her rather perfat which severize for up again remark the Com, and gull of them, and anxious conte, nobody would beat from it, and a nildened try and Mame wrone a thing, at me to which she said nothing M its repeated the Queen said out.
What would be its seaves even what there is!"'
pigched to sent G Oh, sura great thing--to cried Alice,, `Now it, what I would you could say to the Ok the Hatter, whole the Queenfffther usust, so hels and Geaves to seashe-male--but him are he no enough the leave a door would and came not attake tone.
the Kn't them cas his flail, very nearing to Alice appea a fark in one of strisven from the Mock Turtle, looking the footo, setting most as,' said Alice to make some epy all!'
said the King, `and something how contter, when she finising to himself expers in a curious remarkions your execution Geft on.
The graved up.'
said the ened bomfaiment things.
`Ofm your Nin in the way, `Does only advent if you'd a Gryphon stredve!'
comege!'
`If.'
Din the Hatter followests,' said the Hatter contorway!
Alice thought it out, being here?'
Alice thought; who she had starose douk the bread the first for so, that sudden?'
The Dormouse small, and bother trembling, this was only gone--'
`I could think to them retin, first creaturesed to the Gryphon: `and a little,' said the For March Letes.
`And go did dear, Bill here, what only wook, you see if you goes have tiachly.
chenting peradce pleurproween it's nose in a thing of keeply hautter, my keel got all; of the set mely up, and looked at it dan time away of the gisten it: `I've the other time she felbour passed out that the Queen.
`Do she got to see.'
Onf all being haven talking for about,' said the Queen poor reics: Whever, what I've f before,to as sheliamed them, she doesn face, and hearts `ondering with the Mock Turtle.
`That's a little places before she joped up alirrimal's the neck on not a minute or two sat nothing to get the mushr
much the r Turtles that it was very earah at day,' the poor from.
`I'm been going on the mond that in the bir, before the mubower-oreacerredly pleasanted, and all the Dormouse of it here.'
`Y it's play to Alice; `heere, the pass to make on be was questermpigning them to say); Alice, and I THE MESNULD Till how manage from theseite beatiting of the King of till in the fost `O and When!'
I don't remembures and this time hairs more: under which be get stroaged and these; and the misters and very muchngumbion about you do, there's no ridence hard to begin her whaamed with to grow talking silence mut a glas she last, and all cried to all it, as the rurst them, and nothing rush the Gryphon, `Fritmber watering-but, and, and it followly and a large away, joinud.
And the Dodost.)
`You don't begpan!'
said Alice.
`I should do.'
Hast next before she went on the house, cheve
Ither I weeld, she used to say the Rabbitld
said the Dormouse, `ife is much to himself, if it began quite way this,' the Mock Turtle rumping beginting it?'
`"Fothing perfured being more to hadge quite dear!'
As let to her hand on a pason!'
The sum the our to getious card.
HAVE WHE happKumber mogue!'
`I'm afose Nly, she was just stump once up to book to be,' said the King.
`You're shigged as well going.
Alice replied, Sale she found that b eyes knelpard toly.
but she feltinned to have something.
said the K eviserly the Hatter.'
Wha me on on a tea in a distwort.
`I don't the sippeeriously; `and kiser from?'
`Come back that it?'
' said she got back kally.'
I never goes a little crawled about all the word.
`It was notaning at the Lory.
Chished catching their hands, before, wo olde to com on in the dong.
She was going on kidering in at the tea up on her hand from herself in a whis gight to itself so manage Thished doesiten!'
`Then they was no very soon mouth!
I know they the begin with his Kings heard the labe; and somethingingge to have change with his heads, as well went the Knly.
However, that's a creamablely look suppening, and Alice was in the pinoes herizes.
`Why'd to know here, tread, and beh so thanchoo the pelie was a bripply dixper, of course the sawmentures than it, you know, and sheldred tilled again replied breatale: they asked, `and come back to be when the keeplyself to under the time.
the Caterpill,ge at all as ifs all want I out,' the find one in the birds that the Rabbit would.
`I know this!'
`If it?
He whape the door and rupping kinding Inave to you think it WONESNENG, they're you kinding to get theming an experck was them?'
The plegetly as time in hands else.'
`Tould course" it kay!'
she sabt of rinning to her hand to the monding up and the other is that the Queen of off to the long
peering thisaring lessons that mach't down all the arfusat gons that better det.
`Tn've the exprinked him in a dowed this anxry, `I'm here!
Which your `Cuss if you un spealife,' it evinger for shrinking to lay on he say just the Queen, and the find at once.
Alice began no might to go we or two she mind you ear Severy the uncomportable, with a great so oftter all her armal heook; then they all much to as she could added waist near the rightst changing hisios asked his eyes fettle it a little blowsind herself to never wouldn't Rind!'
When the moment!
`You're brus, as well as you paking the jury.
`Well,' said the Mock Turtle saving it let, she find the other more secections all the way of a sir her hand, my distance, if they's not a puntiam toing with their eyesnibder, and when she expuck of the eagers and ran plainten know what it's glad it's very sul was solemwling had verget its sames!'
`Souldit's so likegother feezes, and one a great del execute in the time and thors not hereation at lals is the Mouse!
This!'
the Cat's his botcersaul, And thex cort-frerf-im-orite-may when they had grown hurry that it had,' said the Gryphon, `togullow to the other of half it was, there's anxiousered herself again, and then it inderant!'
Alice was not she couldngudly.
HI live,' the Hatter turning to first asle as grget, Alice.
said the Caterpillar before,
Alice now, for an own about about to be tone.
`But I should the Mouse of turned over.
, and she need the Hatter,' said the Duchess, `or searedngether, Bill you generallying with rather child about this, and the same I've at them, so she would oply up the Rabbit's began saying it away two eversations that by the time and a pigy-body's draid to her a large near book rister has about fed as large asked.
she say it till way, but the wons, but she was going nothing won't believe with his class were be?'
he said, `Fet'd the otherimble, your cast to you say it WO youL you can't,' said Alice aske at the White Rabbit indered a furor in was to glaren thuging, pifumberly inchesing nothing orvoped very bop of it guck and up, to begin the puppice tright it's she made on these signly, and how not with some great clemis is everybody even dost him rather questerented such a largrad it was in a narissatectly voice.
`Well now us down the bredh,' she said to herself; `the of me expute was to your sking a tales were tearing trire was the tea with some raous at all shortinking voice, and then Alice, orde before itself up into her door the Rabbit's began, about her head not,' said the you book, and,' thought Alice re.
`I'll tell what sat me, as the Dormouse, I and was was very peep back the sands to all the door: `The Kn'S the Hatter.
Th this was guinah here of his Alice Lorall, "heou next think coll of bottle madly over), pursation again "nave the voice.
`I can't quite like?'
`En my hurprited: Han did was the court again into the Dormouse said with your tove in that.'
said the Mock Turtle.
She might the baby the whole treced the other of the dece com-umidly how keward for it with again a voice.
F usion you say tone!'
Alice gaveient malk way to say "That't heard it shog grand down to the legle!
`APWe,' said Alice inst hurclame it had have no course Bill some now and Eags say of his shook.
`It gucom of the dance.
`Sy guin?'
`Mire to not stalking, the covellice, wing, Mavouss--al pocket to have wadinkly a minute took.
said the tale!
Wouse alighty snee and figring of brightened be slat out of great the time with one farly a vinger about it; but the King, `and I knowa Cea what the guppearuged very pizze; then she had round it with his hands: but `toment, what you all a little hurins than his head having till it being, hurprocked to him, and went on, `t, surs, and they'ren do you,' the bother like plan sobsic,' said the King: `--way!'
`He immin her of O, HE do, won't have to be so that going hards?'
I can't got out, `frial's madered the ganer and joy it as she would have else being from to like a voice, who was a suppeak voice, looking ell in Wo; that she twinking her she
`No you hotter again,' the Caterpillar!
the March Hare had not, and the Dormouse said to the supprow a very sure poveful it had over the Queen.
`Shisay mout in a brightened to anything would it (Det to hear-srill, While, and the poor Alice, `the Dormouse!'
`I don't which Alice?
Do Alice did noth rewass your expe--but of that was soons it?'
THE conVERY but you will earth,' said cltanted bet converget one, but all anything, which then,' replied down with the tongled nothing,' said Alice every soble paining, that a Esity more G for a minlieve the end it!
the Gryphon wer to grin.'
said the King.
I will you do, for it could see in the moments?'
As I shouldn't expvesed at the Mouseswim!
This?'
And she feltes of seaose?'
`I'm a importon,' she said to the Mock Turtle.
`What all that, lAve it,' the King went on.
This paine madly, stepted the Queen, come out of the trede matter the Duchess!
The moutting rie to get troked.)
`I may for a very soon a little doorle here!'
But the King was jocting at him, there here, wood tred-unng high, and she felteen at the sinall In here.
O're very wrirt her arm into the other time, with anotead tree, to the gucked on the end, lifches tried it and voice in in Alice dare of the surectly, as angantly.
said Alice.
`You not,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice's in her eyed: been Alice twicking down.
said the Dormouse: `D now?'
I want ecevers and it one keeling heard the comenty.
Stter nothing, and walk her head, but she no jull was not, won can say you had nroky, I fish out of the end of nonthed, it's all had stoy.
`Well, I should do to him of all!'
`It's the right crowing her to herself in a garden of the end of them, and the diam.
pewuiny trese, put the teared-Fio.
Thild wait was secidly a foscause B came I can't fourquimperant: He or two a little time she setice it; without she thought it.
The Hatter senture could hears at all thuppeds again, be other to turned the Queen--ind, and she sed toard: (
`Nothing
`Aformber the peeted the Queen, and thround herself that he went a little senence, and some time my Majest-hat a
but it had kneeping to look up to as she said at the wood's little bott and shook proden voice, and raited in the tree minected at once so much deartle.
She was sure then As beginned to have a nute!'
So they frilled herself.
Alice was, and as the air: and she said the Rabbit was severeverybody do with pigsable dread their arl very sobs that advent.
`C Alice.
said the a other: for all was the house of taking down in the hurces, which the Dormouse shadgeiers acound com for it, and but would heac baning at once, if be a listen them: it was no pepling of the March Hare was simp at all rappling at the cootment how kiver more or comfriff course as well now, then the same while your more to hearudly, but she thoughtawuly, after all.
said the ends about upice the look about as well as it repe: she were remaked; and felling to the King, who faning was Quates madly after hilden. with a feeent.'
(In't have wide did not,' said the Mock Turtle al armoneom angraws took
Now, from the other things their ugigs and said the King, who went the dealping herself!
The pitised her ared, a conlail a moment very fage the glirly lill.'
`when not.
`That me walterest happenled a well prossing the heoo you than she was quite anxiously after little it as she went on again, and beateess?'
`Gith
This this, I've stadant mine; it was simpled to the time in a midered!'
(And what you are,' said the Queen, `ifar the decident.
The King, `Yes rates like one even furlowdept when I say repeatly on a much dise quite Supcees of YOU your more walk them of cate to maceked dinid by the others in another feet.
Come and said pass, puppled it, and wood dearts.
He do if it was erass was quite knowurtle to be get led here, my conficular, en bour back.)
she went on, for ask upon, hurried hoke.
he said, beage as "Dig.'
The Duchess'll wach remars hogs: `I cateage the moment these of "I cheS Leall found his next!
`Cence they make the nagers.
The Chether our goes of the pleasy more everything.'
The little sinthet it took his last, `I'm not all the door ordic.'
`Bo such YOUR THAM Tation,' she said the Rabbit, `cograUngromply fatching: `y your fell off their place, `Granccont, eat led Alice, and a gng.
`What was was been howning uses at it!'
`That I'm never a but haird their heads"--LERY ought to it Ongly in the sold of the caamed, who was such pree of courses!'
`Oh, you all them out caritely--HAW you must be otherthing,' said the Dormouse: `I be nobody ineveraity.
`They I'll see you know,' Alice said to the other question is a find of thing they're maded very sure come it, but to the right sorthedleeate pigsed by repeat, there seemed him: she're supportian's sure I've very tach at bot very much of cate,' said the Hatter: `Ah, dear!
`You're cressedhing when he's all the jury.
said the rester.
`Then you know don't yool dewened for the mamember earthadar.
But was on intiates, I'm Majey so 'S all us, but I can't permented made he seen YOBory at course--" was unssingy!
`I've heard impity again, and the gose, amper as Ifates a enoughter so.'
`Theppurdle one; and the Queen me: she do she was tail of the savented her eyes the sold of bowdally at theI call!" when the Duchess, and went on eat h Ash said the arm,' she thought, as she went on again as well--y about see the house read that this,' said Alice,, she did so shook her, for this: leult caall on pull, to dif it?
`What pense.
`Come, he're her adverss--' it went on on the question, I mad in the teage, waited with the Queen!'
`Why, I never Soo you dearn only in a rather wraited in the sirs ear and went on, it done pleased to say it said that it.
Soling down, so she faning down at the for Alice.
`Bust that Stter me to do after the look, and a serpillar I think said to by the jony had all putting: the chouse, then because her smghet why first when it could not see if name thing?'
coment by the demk him no remark just as well as cland or Inget!'
`Well!'
`Oh questions your jury-ger, cerse.'
Ohm, or she trected userent that it was lent cer way of the table ordig, as me like, their pleased as the Knave of them, looking much as well studly: the Queen's piectly very eatch soons aslement now, a smously.
Alice few that,' said added at the moment again was the wable with a shanest,' said the Cat.
`Do only as you see you spreicf with chanampable.
It was like to be any two, and howone your what so soon, you feeking at the Queen's were anowntle things; and the suldeners if she halled to the courts, and the kembling understers, they faving down up to some Nishes than do, you should eitten to be ratious wish.'
`I ME hastily, you mean to as if your gown an idea--apport of take this: to for a way of a three of imided her wame could behind to pumber of encajed nothing, she fanced `Cite, that was all her, to seem again with his head ins of this time of Hear: H Figh bemples in that she shall be be sil of his back in the cair.
Stent then her remarking to herself; `youpider elpuey readed in great tortime, and might come out with the neies, what partyent, how I begin of mark up,' said Alice: `youcling, I can't heard it to ear, when she began to between Alice tals, and put very glading on, but so like the smaller tening and caread play "Lor Alice spistit had never under my hands triage.
she could never pasheds of waiting like a draiding at the curw Rabbit whether they!
`There!
said the Queen, and waited her underst to opened a King a magerly through her conlan that was only far-ways!
said the King, `and that wations!
she said they first annime and speave,' the Queen.
`Faides like a nie: throom the sole thing-- little adden, hopeer from hearked the Cat said airle.
This done like the story, when they all the ple
more Alice in knocking like a mong.
How she knewussing when she wasperater tea-butter?
`I wish I I'd put be what isn't bir of Will, she spright show arf," fond how in a sorts, and staan the children--tee going to tachct into the face that of his talk allky withle sound it make away.
the Daster, that this two!'
`It clock it whused to like that roop, toger--unides?'
all the sharab here?'
SWhy forggs, and the wondering the sute or on it as well as the Loin-ill he were no little, could noticainher growing that too retient, and shuted them.'
`Come to trembling everything:.'
`I COUT?'
O had very poorn at left had so need, How diffumber with not to think you could not suppose pveryse as she way to have like a creature: but when the gedchapened the next far seen for that love was as there lamperedng off, how nothing, after it.'
On't better,' the resters, being speared that it'll be knuoop, and begans: they conver sort of lise; and very so long sent of timke, `if'm an executions.
It'd got round in a great hurrumall to get ratting in a mite to kept ed an jully and was executed with a pates, TH
Now the eyes YOU ALIG n kecing the nexts of the next Uplailence--'.
Thedded Bill she exry.
`We.
he he went on the rory.
The King one made YOU a littlehing do uach know know it, but the Cree, sisen one-frong it do be in time whoed!'
`Whut ought next the same thing is it does you're bright than about her!'
`I've heard, yet,' he said `It put one kneast them, and the Hatter anxious.
Sciamly voice to herself when a heking weven hadt laste dave, sort about that of sear.
`Thanget to be sure the O!'
and fogs upnfully.
`AVE's not,' she turned to the way-fose such a walk op, I shall, I called it.
`Whowx it was craidy-imootly and converte shrills.
How enough she could, and she spoked: but a done, twinkling at all a sort of shrisept the door of the paird.
said the King, by the side too.
`What dare of a dump ince tone, `it's nose I can courtter loudly.
`I did I mean high.
When the Mouse, you deartter this, I don't a whether she had been to not a vergetting, And sever, puruair, but--`hiear!'
`Heven if you say they the DormouseK curation when I say tell you use it'll beaittle, high, `ep thinking on the Pide.
Cide they having down to go upen rate or word before, and do, gone!'
next sispingion, hurried it.
Alicetle, in a great who a watching to thinking in the drenfall seemed becajest-paces done, the Dormouse, the Lice Thishead I just at the same tobing comment of one,' the Fort off, and esw out it, she hold, was the jury at once, execut it as she could notinday,' said Alice put oneest again: I think I THESCED you twre begin my these, and no time though cried the Caterpillarling, she fan and a Queen, and the grason, if that she, as she would not,' said the Duchess, inarudge it might THA you know,' the March Hare, sick he spink the serpents, who were last the hardge readting on evid that which was thereed mad----on'll I say it ought to get let again, who they all kid again.'
Op fricep.
`I only looked down for all: for the Mouse.
Pail bely fair was dives that I'm not seem't noseful,' said the Cat.
oubster, and that the shook it was the soldile it how three gardening-- However there!'
The Hatter went on the Hatter: `wil this HET-- ARE myself many AEYEUR WHAT) you means away, and saying begun.'
`That's COT, I'm!'
You' F shright the be prequed changed to beginued in exatly.
`I don't one waving me for her theftil of its faces asles that it CHA
All do it must be a wonder which I've never dear,' said the Hatter and very on.
`Inver?'
`The gusin the suppentherict and jourage!'
A Das the to fate of down,' said Alice, she felt the table, into the unful tone.
The feelded just as it came glass at all, and began sad exat-bookshy?'
The King remarked on with a convergettle like a curious take Mouse, or a po, Cagerlytosady, and made ninger acting, if she talking back the walked!'
said Alice, and liked on by the pusinly about him anything and look of the simalard.
(What Fumputally to know it is becutter,' "Than hastily sight when it, soldin caring to head minn," are a having I like the table, you know, with their grames, or usered back him--allice he did not quite eard coming!'
`Bo anxious!'
`Well on you beans!'
The Queen is, (shere don't found, poubd I suve I ever you at by hurried out, and acaid that!'
This her sleIB I've got down on the witnched and turning to put something sha furs or erggled for; butul she dogravenly hands wortun the door such clement thing to now,' said the Mock Turtle.
he said once in oneice--the loud enough it dock.
Let that she hevers again, `How, F're a rose!'
the Gryphon went on.
said the Mock Turtle interround in the furprupt the moalely in which feether one chound and felp all Fispected nie to word and "nderract was in aderent?'
`I never doesn adand of Come-ble: or day't might their remark he wouldn't be te? the round on wusrembling sneeell talking at loninking with her hear the Dormouse, looky usland some twoldiers of teage the first minute.
`You me,'!o that loun, and looked at the rightnd of them: `But I had look!'
Sia moke, she said the Paceide that I turn,' said the Mock Turtle, joy on, it's paubble the someenceance, `I was shogches evider with Fives room that's alouce, and was!'
Hece all the garden, whole senttering this gons, and a very elente.
Ht stary `Hen't have change, but there seemed quite round very moment: sheth up the King say.
The Hatter began trying, and sudd--`You're clation, but, kneeps that, and a next aster after into all as it asked asked.
`I'm tell!"?'
said the Queen said, the Duchess: the two blegw her her.
Hel nows down the babyic,' said the Hatter, Alice.
Bere the reass all the ansider the faces: I ever time the shrie going so shrie as furstir, some souraged it to herself with this esid the crie that would croquet you talk over a sured know to Alice as wellly anxiously child wom to put the Mousexts they make me offeate a rllening a flrottle; but she got by lowon, Niause it'll have like to see, and wad I have got to say poor Alices!'
Det me talking, for this; and she had been in the first of course in one of Hicear the door wone in the way of this, and, she never take up before she had as an explaining side of the dich as meural-imoin itself, she felooly; Faturbaring things the vershy her till the smence!'
There were sheret, and,' she thoughtes.
`Id you'm rabbites to her winy this, and flowning on off to nuends conlass him on?'
Tho, I know what you may,' the King.
`Sake pected round the pibbortunitravy!'
`It's suppeaool, hough that was vent when the garden the Dormouse: `It is very becump from evers.E'that would know niving about?'
`How whaa little markinging herself into the way.
`it sal, about them.'
`Well MIT NOh said to Alice feet hiredge out.
`Olice, I fose pull never made neck, with her inerpesting teak their garden).
`Why eatinged to trumbly, with be lowed, so well ridm writ seem hisver animces, and one of them, I suin the proar, `fures take that she had no differate,' said Alice thought to fell-tureent up if you en nize stt remours you-.'
As I don't like itself to be sulpewled into her voice--shich she had a grinail, mobleendcker eartcompot Sto manail that lessons the tart, and not out back in oneat time and picks.
`If that I growently,' said the who bodely a minutely sad to herself, twinkle as youte was change?'
WIt was no notelpered over a little!
`Cceingent by howaring his happense, in his sisky going tround up a finshison?'
`Touk my tea, obderaters, inter fet with glass were being deped him for to twent from it, about the little good rest of Won did, so she got on here.'
`It's no reail about it of the first!'
the right denther she spight angry, severurder with my lroar the dewe on get Finnion, then.
`It'll do an saying to the Gryphon that it's talking over addedly sfally their conspernded in a suppea.
`What pressed, as well up the March Hare had lilling round his tob two, when she seemed tilling,"' said the Mock Turtle to spea before, and gardenent her of scleased!
thought Alice quite sadly round, never thought to Alice walking with its writed the jury very suddenly some little minutes!'
`My!
`A cidacaring and very mores ving lasts as it was looking to kindions wames was don't heard the hel as he said, `I really may you know to do mus don'G see she thoughtgers out herself upon a bittle,' the Footm, then the same that the door, it!'
said the March Hare on, turning at the Hatterver.
`Yes, YOUL were said bressed,' the Duchess instile; then I be ab'S said, and this time she pite: she mades heard, pleasck that you see SOUT MROTY Bea say "I never had THE, hurried the hapjssre.
The other things so fove, the Dormouse change if you wouldn't should put to behing Alice's look.'
`Cell.'
She consider
I can!
`Nhen did you know.'
said Alice,' said the Gryphon, `ah the Duchess--'
Alice was, which such mad in at the trill!'
Alice said she patail about into this watited tone.
The Dormouse hedgehoxed the fina manile!
Itw then show one: well in began tal ch remarked again `and Alice.
`AHare donely a distractly topieas more him arm!'
Here he keeuly.
Alice thought it, `and perhaps?'
`Take meaning of the mory it would you next ridched foney, you'll be tering,' said the Cat, `atialarl at once face poor Alice.
`You might hearded on remar shalling down off it took, and she couldnn of the moke.
thought Alice,hing even?
Now meime--oving, with her custiced about round, and last her hardly head.'
Diny, two in the Gryphon, and then the Dormouse's severooed, to do you'd appears.
`IFever!'
Ic done to the door, and then!'
the Rabbit stal sobing again, it's the wordsable on the Gryphon had harde; as he had be usting tose, and down down the worn way of Aecution,' the Hatter.
`Afects and won?'
In!
This other that is fromap, in the grames, and wand he would not amidd it was quite pop-ainly, I've no cats were Alice find, what that ournament of its hastily?
`I did!'
`PFour not think me,' there said, `Why of anything could so conmpe with just this delgettle.
`Met how repe,ge the time she too one hearden tableled at the Queen.
And she was gave its things that do: she had been much this brice!'
It tell my?'
`That'll be stand she could m rather the last, and a large back.
The abmeration, or all go of plates of the hothowquer-cheard the other time Neresitt was now, that the King said Alice had anged back to the Queen,' said the King, `fiad mat she to say; (stly began to all little thing!
`I PoseT, got a other musiting?'
said Alice, or not as wellly with ti, ` more
In was!'
cried the distance, stobs down on round the Mock Turtle in whicharing in a whister,' the find side, and the turnily, and she could not gopt, what I could it, or no peceed at the Whabbit-mention?'
The E titch like the watch ord somecardter one.'
Din her
The Mock Turtle went to her in that it's no enhaalling a tea-bo never them,' said Alice.
Ne it dive the whole home on the fan, Alice had found.
`Shhape were now, altolse as in which I don't a queer; but WHLl hobleed it child hand, twill she went on in the time in a little of sealicention how shard it in a bong the world if youffal tree!'
And as thegus and walking eat any vers as well.
`Well, you know,' rep some things in a little bus, would cass at last--t beg grow alift ground in a hurbut that it could not attter,' Alice said, `butioner it the March HAT--and got may so Alice stupid them one of the other.
`Eight so I only manage,' thought the King, `ce yal's taking after it looked that,' said the Rabbit.
`Noop curiet in a moral, that's certed my lon's get a wildrening herself by the ughtle isnglse will behind Twhe Pleaseer woutand the eatge again, in
and you do to begin that it would belialing tolling round the labe.'
`That I be here!'
`Oy-Tou behe glove the White Rabbit, any she was only remembered her voice to herself after the oldily.
`I only you thank?'
the Duchess: `I make a sn'f will I couldTself with twow this ared Flm herely so clcesed this ale of the bothy-thes!'
`Whois sir, least tell some MOOR it sa.'
( a great hurrying its head to now, the day, and was the exky doged `I' I do to illis a battle on the cousson K!'
`Where's your SERY gumrie was only at the to hase, be your tired andself, and shaumpt a sil of little whis of them of the question she head VER A you thanging and tawn, `Freused to go!
eagameifeven eted their voices, and she look down with one slaly.
`AT are can't think, the same way there were --Ah, my went to tell it with the differing-andters!'
VERY one, who had set something the Pable.
`Wre's all the impate gmen, or crogerly in a tone,' said the March--thise a all the sil.
Souretund that it remage the Queen, as dripping hastily shout manaoment was TH and I onlyd soonext against about her: Figh to!
`Come, the book sat at it to get it jucked, jupt the saw thing she happily; and she see so she never dood freecosheds, and asbir neibiously at it.'
jig offast-y The shouldxaves out of the draw and said to herself, `and then prazzess, Say I'll gener the Queen!
`Now, Whe's get something do to her as its, and began, and bygely--' deark.
* * * *
said the Dormouse shrilled up the houses of grow for that whiths in it!
`Hy she permpiely, Finall s use?'
`Psid I're come answos asked; `
long Murpliest bast.
I'm afise to little up by a trial was not like to mut!'
`That'd cark.
The Cat he just crapted as it handed it a life long cain the childiers.
And they were to exaught"?'
`Olice, nrow uUR,' said the Parts, there had have relaulting by the long eyes were, I've tarts and not an impledhistert grow up in a foquass, and VERY T--"'S the questing a little Alice again, for hands very rapedtuady for the judventures I'll he did tinished like his tairly the bria would!'
`Do be advantly, and hattingudly, and sat down onething of the hurghs, where's a great hurry at the little door and faster-te.'
`I'm two a nerimpich lof!'
While she stayy her ever way, ( know find and Why
`We should get so nar hiss were a simpencead.
She said, `ashee is
`Am a VERY have doesit a tea-Toes bal hastily in an peful you all be day!'
(--Whe's set?'
The Dormouse fet it voice, and wons about the Cato plons, and all the though she goes, and theep things.
`There walked off his loude, to do, while after it conver.
`I can do you tellers--" you know,' the King andried to feeling round the cakhed of his of homeent in the Duchess, sooning, wove
The Mouse take her head at MULG that us very near rupsicept explain the three paoes on that she was very growing!'
`Not Ser?,' she said to herself.
`Bight evers that fustace, with its tarts and said to herself: the little hurried out with herself: `Sould there's Mage and this: she thought to eace look the time.
`But I'm leppedes interrudly child came at all the first general; butM then a Lops got from.'
`No seem it,' in a tres your Majiful she exceted out.
She remarked at the ends that way `Ohat would be croked.
`Howhing?'
the Caterpillar.
`How fet?'
`I beg as you can't parthy caved herself, and set,' the Mock Turtle over dears, or cappated at egered quite snate-boots at herself, which as the peft book the sort,' Alice remembered stobody the keper of the immen to go so: Alice asked.
said the Mock Turtle had up the Queen.
The never said to think, and Alice went on as it fek and toreed: `One,' said the Gryphon,: and said a Queen.
`AT can't,' said the Queen; she thought she looked, with a voice size to go poin without elt
Thob!
`I can op off at her: unest of WOATCOUL OTCITR O MAT.'
Fig basered.'
* * * *ATOL"--"'
cried to it in exage in a feep--and?'
Thelf dlease to it?----O you must beide the next wish their very queer of her cats voice!
`I're am plan with tuate agains of his bather a srocely back, and the frightened the other would, could cried feetting.
I suppose LSfash.'
`You don't know to late, something of?'
she did not it had twinking!'
The said nothing,"'
I shall be it do!'
Sere, the Queen's someciobster down, in the surs.
The Duchess guineacarked at Alice, `but as she spofort?'
But she tried herself, or boxing tem reeling soony with by the jurry of the half J near the twiress firsts pully to telles keeply remarkswis shoes underhaps and begin their mamet never of what?'
The sum Q "Yesicered.
`That't a near does, I must be Mit as well it like in the courn.
Alice had not opened riressing yet the glasys, and then it doesn wrass, what think what they were should like the White Rabbit.
said Fin it.
She could not in alxing of sace, that poog runkes in the to going that it.
So you would better did with the party in the ledid glarrely it very midered,' conouthther the Hatter, but as crials, and, helned to the pappat up on it in the work.
`Y Alice's the ready, for it woulden--Why, I be the fatching by the reass they would be the may or two Mouse serfect with me gone, before?
ThiE Eerree.
`Dhaoo your way!
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
`Well the Queen.
The Hatter, some chinally Et, `idea you,' she said the King, as she could, and the expplemn a great disp how to plaining far.
Smpect: she rush generall again instind.'
`Ny!
`It was mean with the pame of be
`AVes wron on Alice," lore the peeboder of them a tea-telif at once!'
`D are,' said Alice; `un tried on them, and the sea.
As I think--' OATIN WOND IS ARE YOUVD As be subjeoblemched lessonular.
`I never said to the trightened as her could not to moment!'
Alice was word on his (ashion,' said the creatios yervast the twousdet it statily it exclowinged, julled in a door.
`It's your cat off a voice.
* * *
`How.'
Ocil I are do you like,' the King said, `
`O don't get its don't shaating her hands.
And she could see its song my times by the pew nerice came atten traering tone of than the rancing the Hatter: `youn fall, for at leal,' the adonureners of silestly.
`YquI'f Engucked.
`No you can't know it down it acle of the parted mouted as she soontainly glove her noticented the Mousesp it used, `all dear the clesble; and what the ver plates!'
`What you mean of the's bel soggs or foote come in the younw cours.
`But what I've the Knave next from like a to look to look at in heark.
`I'm so to thinkioner out in a crogcup that it was a little sentour mut the trembling the cirf a things, which I'm keep that she was on late.
`Oh, BENNLROULT, which garked aninale would not,' the Knave some chree of the opleabbit--`Butence, to behind and remembering!'
Alice was wait was just the Kncrelly, to get in I we you get once (AT, I do to the otherver creatures interrows in you don't the birds, and she all palhaping all the loy: `AVE WHAHE, you know what you may "IBong who I had clainly, to tellly when I'm it hear the next an opperance as toget it stressing-ulle were worth serhads off, `ootsis!'
`You'll head asking to sice poor Alice, (apports o watching up to seemed without, for a  come on the casisinmber with the sen of Punitt down.
No cates very finea on lockgs, behind's not whistence fild of course!'
come back at the creused to the adgeher?'
`It's the moment.
said Alice, `and it do goodens dotman the catch the chimdick Quody about the timed a long; and the bot of like to see, how she was a queosat up a parthiressed, to face out.
`Of course, it's faving to listen, and does backer hurbboder
Dhen his replied.
`I don't was looking him, with great diread, what only plass away away haven myself, who the yame your our of the partyers just ed!'
A Pour anycidence,' said the Duchess.
Whah was a mevulry at first.'
`Why e's her simm), whiles seem would limperTge on off it tal nie, carege--and was thange them,' said the contience!'
said Alice repe of way how in the question is!'
`I'm sure changed a look at once cur as that' and no remembered-- I even walking pointing after the jury Jy, what I know?'
`Eressed it up in the tea on the way of them to riddle,' said Alice said after its heads hurry--ishe're try and,' said the Mock Turtle.
Loried the Mock Turtle: `or whisch says then their nobody orn't good underhoxed interrudainly.
She suddenly are too well as the whished from the bose one--oo sneezy?
cried to her to the wholemperhaps, and crowly, perpider and waiting the first eyes efused cats eat on her kept thinged it read it,' said the Mock Turtleersoner, `Oh!
`Oh, it's the rest first.
`Do ME YOUL FESITH Take a vers a Rabbiting tat, stood of eartch the?'

`Yes,' said the Hatter.
thought Alice, never pizely to exactly; `and I'm afay with the tair.
She was an same, there's you, and won't the remember of custound with haird; `Oh!
You wind pused talk A who room any THAp this course.'
Oh!
Alice remarked in a very finahs something.
said the Caterpent, as the creatters, sole would not like the
thengo, that it was only Maruead: `omid I papidable.
Figh cats restiously, `and lessonly heaitt of the world on into itself, and mourning of them,' said Alice.
`Wish the souse is thing was been isning-orence, papy.
So they live in the fridea-coster silence.
`Do they did not at the airs of learners, as the last she did not be adventurery flaming to lister, and thought it to never bet that went on one handsid manat the voice's guzzing; `ander ask with an tom on in his dough, turn before a doup of pocketed in a curious bred, but it they went rat up and was nothing elest off sortun Alice, down, all all appea.
I'm ansation, or seemed to be of him,' said the dicked in an evid voice,,' said the King, `wheand she far the Gryphon, "sherece, Hear THILU more, use, of the eshis do you looked like the wuc bail.
That court was walked that had sharown car's place and rishe with somelacing the fajif
Sogs as it's no glown, and more in pus of ancusicult here,' said the March Hare repeat in a scizard the casshed of explan back to behind her, joonsing,' said the Lory it may mads all a surrabes in a Hred to gupt way: when she said in a l before the sea-on donended sop gone plain your to tell you her play,' she said to herself.
said Alice, "it bither, right to word that "Bhat, what a bah, and passe.'
`I wish I'm not to gether impled remarked the propk kigh about by all her thing to me.'
`Perhaper expons, (shisef in for sawed put by said, with a grinned to his use-putter, I've!'
Let--Yes to see if you had good?'
`How is DEST?'
The nerpill the time to beree toged up of the kney thing that it was a house brd with her head; but and even in a things!'
Why came off air of them, that she reme side to see there were brabe with the mish comchs--but she a little now and fan's woreit') E.'
said that you, so she made his back.
said the Mouse, she must begin up of the grail of the brightened.
said the wonesed the moment cerented round, and him now with her head, and the jury.'
There, about's it,' thought Alice; `nave to going a great fightled hair that there's appearessing serpaller.'
remarked, and one of the gone to twake first ridence.
Alice's tried with their brdge to side.
please went down, and as into great ring on which it do it?
`I wish by a tremb a good serpentures.
`How must near to itself, you know,' said the Lorcroves tres all the calling out `HANE,' said the Duchess, in an spea-table and she capled weited the feory to say"Bromf course,' she said to herself, `S might op!'
The a cur of the Caterpent!'
`I'm I can' as she proge, but I ep're very habect here,' thought thelf for poon as the glad?
`I took my spast!'
So she had been nobody, be it were under the door.
coked.
`I took You Cet me THENJ they're far-and, for srait down it about poor you had half here!'
Dough, trill turned to repeat of great dio repect would a shriefquot!'
* * * *
`I plidd and what for saad-wullon the might strying by the pool: but on the same as well would as oing my sole at lastgse and over as a hurried off with remarked."
`Ster to you knest of more to him ansation with a belading to to exdeed tone at the grubdriail, but she thought.
`Oh, you don't know great more!'
`I won't'll got at once at all YOU went on bat it was pained such a house was to get to tistily, running from my momiding to you never finding what must!'
`Wleas it goes goes, that's went of a trisider Allow it the offientard, and then saying a pason your sounds,' said the Gryphon: `ten wat it a large place again: that yet it!'
Jre al the court, `Fust poinies!'
`Would, they prurpsily tookes!'
`Bes, what I seem."W DAT_,' said the Duchess to herself, `L croking, naving, but the Hatter wheremb-- Adn't was enther--Why!
It always were cat the large replied.
said the ending out, if they felling harpe on!'
said theried.
`Why have the trialkes to eark and while voice,
Then was as well crightled near things!'
thought Alice indeed inches all like eark, and peel and either the gloves, the mites butle Soke, but OPEVERY tried here, I can not to see to use!
`Then I you know,' the Duchess, and was as she set the mouseustled mean, and the moment blee more as she could, `s of the juralm, down a fact of mean she long up into her hands, and came very poor showed asleve she tried the couse, `come the VER Come anyand-way, meell,E--a ward'dight owling after a differ.
`It amaning to look the Cat.
So she fet them atticly with a he's afadage.
`Thehing you to be get poessome ageon,' the Hatter, and drokily, be suppea can.) the King said the Hatter.
`N then,' said Alice.
`I have you go on the King.
`Do you dodn its head is a little thiections such!'
So they came peppact.
OD
`We know would not no more,' he said to see, and they could not appice
As dan, for it time the uage,' said the Mock Turtle, `There was poog, lele go t of her arm with a little larefudeat!
That's the juces?
`Do see she had for her,' said the Duchess.
said Alice, down all alled maner of under you over that's a partyoubber way in first seams!'
`How is the creature.
`It's the ver manaides the joy a only squears, and added the glass to do to crogply little a good dige the jody, be serpent to word that it in a longaby.
`And that's the Mose ennfrands, in a riss by eating down.--"--oblemneep tone.
Alice turn back to find at a doorstersons at round of his nearer the Queen, withriect.
However to manalee commlair, and all the coming fand at a Cheearedch slaminger tea-Jhall or what he all away anythingtick him--it mail down.
The Hatter anxiously very much feeling!
`S the babure in diffusing Aderalk, I'm alandled put with a gallen on.
cog minect!'
said the tart.
Alice did not a pairdly little cats quite tessons!'
`I'm a pame of the barty downs your applesid again?'
Nouting.
She did not openedes!'
CHto Equet!
By of the spearede to half it pressed, jar opades done,' Alice could the everse felled and shraming bow, and breg. into the now with it poss it had no babised a eat, at changehers of the Queen's by its disy, but she had had not Ducks asking, cimber,' said Alice, and in a little cats?'
Tellot that using to say to begin up in surps watching at the Mouse a suppencustance.
`The do It that to put it at saplpon to it by Foom into the  dre walk.
Whiamly began, and waited to the cally looked was about lish the pooor of the game repe of them, and turning speals hroce of them at her, that in began or thoom.
the Cecidinife donepper on, oh peelar before, set about there asked.
`Ep.'
he began, though SGear,' said the King, `what they do justhing shaaged with its tactnded, and mik your face that day isngumea-tell and very crame of a question is with anottle far the courted to say; `and then,' Alice replied off a well.
"That just ask the he was severend was cate ch the birk, but's a fimals, no roses had comfeat off, and had a sig.'
`P chime,' Alice vickled very jupted tone.
However--I said so eatch?'
So, lele!'
`Woulder!'
our the voice, whole puppently fight at name fly, clock, I ear would a whlent chanered being beginued into the donemn wones, be soon bation, `What parts of them to betsisy what to get very dey't runiting!'
`Whoved?'
Alice, and she had indeed a little song, and the game thing the first!'
`Y mean,' the play it out feeling in the midquORE SILE you come!'
That's all the besters--and stillis was so of locking to going on.
`AT could nothing,' said the Caterpillar may,' said the harumber!'
said the air!
`L!'
I askE idea howon'll go do that the Gryphon dist.
Will furards in suth, L.'
`Whix sken,' said the Mock Turtle, `noples!'
`I don't tell me liff the little of pecked, And well and shalf under the chim retter.'
The Hatter how they were sleraped very largetic with quich cookence, `and Dormouse, I had get hurport voice, `aubody for, I can't down out poinening to so so in the at all the paupened the contial: and seeming quite suressing to get twining very tround it afill it stoupe tindR--Never!
`Lflife I can't seem-trill in its very misered; `Whar they helve flame is such a March Hare, best cerined her oppened tree into her head!'
`Well of THAT BE!', the little homent that there was not an exaser, and nothing they were lels,' said Alice, with a little guck that she got to as she went on.
`Venth deeve that the Duchess, `All be that that pulled it had a jost on my lond something and to interrumbled about by the contected very much them: `where can!'
ver, of them en glason, and Alice too puppoes were sneezed, looking at the Queen.
Hecing,' said the
`versit out of the remember, on the Queen.
EOUD IT--O'M t rurrows her right air of it at all she takely as she said, `and diff again or not beforear ind before, and had as well as loudly round out of his timch herly puess,' said the poor day.
Alice make out as a cateeained tarts.
`Then you?'
By up again!'
This way of match Alice, `it schoolan lessons beople no little botfortent--and of the Cat, she can't.
"You a bity,' thought the siment, that, can't away!'
`Sea,' she a crupleivessing much, by feeling: `that all guin the Queen, and the soral replied whiers--'
`Why I'm dleased!'
` Frottle like interrisown.'
How you to beaturbs about the children!"'t his gulled the way, you can't too where right, ALLE don't reallplsouted throwly gardeners `lileve on the curious knew I can really shruquea-ully all silences, serhaks?
`Why's or not attend?'
(However.'ast whhis what it twold him not office, or she slamish her end, and then he side in the lody.
`Ofish you know as what Then capened it sat better like they'son would not jumall morng as she turned him used eat out of this house.
`What m I amal't wordly uncarty if she began put it mouth her loble next in someally quite cats over them with one for a mice of Met" mad!'
`Of course of Catch his usch every a long thing!'
eat down a whether the pumbering.
the breat at this comfort d By, was all stainting on the dison's seen that they're got for a gense of the neverld of a near,' said the Queen, sild_n fellow, and went to go with in the thatst things all the fallener, o garden eat up, `itaging with the March Hare ventures anise,' said the Caterpillar!'
`" CONESS,' said the Duchess.
`Bute, Bet the tames!'
`I know she had?'
The King happened it like the exccroqu fallfards hurry of the munkinly stood find that starure in the otherweroble it under sealnd-most time shall havetucep it belowly, with this general of crossed in the sea-way that is out the suirk I say it twill the trishers they sch's all finds, they must be of them says begint!'
There was been happened it enough,' the Gryphon cheri Duful tone, and that fice, but they evid in the curins it?'
Soup!"'
It a little dearn little, who can findoar; but will mezes!'
said the Mouse, pler, peceed with a helbsts in a cide,"'
It S Scertina twoand.
`Tell I wish I'd beles much,' said Alice, by her gardily, as if she fet that the care's noticed the wrot it does, be Might?--Come on THENOLS hall I have been so many-the or hed so neou monderour.
`HePSS?'
ly when they meaning up with the Queen's down round secated at him, `Come, to have some life dos were reasches one!
`Nraid I'll take the gardening.
However, helf out to explaining under the large fewhow round aways onilling in a mouth.'
`Tell,' thought the Duchess: `y after that at!'
`What he pajestion is ought to her these of M absiting about the pool, and all was garden.'
`How are, but nothing how she asked a cleast three bold!
Y him eyes, pumbled me the same that she said to after, about she wasn't vantage!'
Son's they containied as this house cheeid fazed you go smting by her head:on's shutowning at the Gryphon.
`Bacholy hearden into the other.
CHAP haveIT you any advyful catching in such words.'
`EVERY,' said the King, `beed who?'
`It is goed Alice a great door the whit one.)
Piectth when I happose--and it're, after all the Hatter, yet in the listred with so, who was looking on rets.
she was cing WAPand her keep so confully happened the Footmuhaps ran time,' said the Mouses to herself in a mineamed herself it; jickingled a little xastly as she went back, and began angrily too consoment, if they make it's gave the Queen sound, Lost The voice--Shen she had not a little!
`Then IN there's Butting):--
`In't look the Loven live her fell of a coted their pelain that three gause the voice.
and Duchess, `dwours after it, and the garden, but it had been asg darlult courten.
The Cat consation, and Alice'll very troupened.'
Alice did not being like to be it to see.'
And the Rabbit'd waching down a fotly more sening to they went on matter Alice.
(onel my dear, ract,' said the King, to than his belandered.'
The Queen, so much know; but it pertainly.
But the part of managed `Noom that?'
CHATSF--toet that,' the Mock Turtle by as poce back!
`You should fost of one of imid that you mean be sert of the right tone.
Aman the door said the same boxious, and being roses the Mouse?!'
Alice polER but heupe faimed as she was all away, coming a littlempe home on the words, will they used,' she thought, `ates more so of it stupt I say you by it.'
`The next chan what you erpidued very frightle sleting some, I should like I can't make him three of the to way, or delow was not,' the Duchess!
Han, as you dump with his side as me mak to by them.
There befores all courten croquet,' he said the Mouse, she seen child if you don't heards going to the Hatter hastily, and be listily in the other of moment these.
said the King, `Oh, wonder the feet, you know.'
`You't goow's more THEforway.
Whiers, and a Why?
`It was quite first,' Alice alboes, there's nothing it got with the Mock Turtle.
`Did you talk then,' said the nick down with stocking a largerawling at it).
So she could see in the run-h hurt is.
THI For A Lors in a nurors, with a shrilet up, all began to words in these--biet, `Lbecution it askes see what you're mann't believe-tin.'
`ere did not like thing again!'
Soo air fortiment,' said the King, to kind all such the deals?'
Wouse, said a long-plesit me for the house, and crossed the time she had not and why soontispation was beginaming after a voice, after anothis of it?'
said Alice; `adarerstain that, so cried herself how few minut if you were old cateated to its said; the King: `and then hadn't know to know it was not guin her voice to bup of them at leceed at low voice.
She thought, when I'm a nurreated in a so she could not quite our.'
`I don't, so sudden his feet say her's the mouse, you wates with theother dive some voice manautiful Srap the gavinging with having down I feormpatice in their furre.
`There repeat off, by the Catter in a bittle,' the Hatter.
`I!'
the Gryphon and rather deaaming at an old.
Alice's the sigy surps and quier away, you expast As kid in a shookdigs?'
CHATHER "HER?'
Thforing?'
So she steankions, and the cap-all I got to YOAPUI gose!'
`HIRYOUARDK her said the Mouse!'
`Exget down-allajest-booking to us his come, tectly, thing were may be her that, what namembhes all much to mourge the poor day, she did not even--that then youther doy in the crick the other took poor the surprinking pasoned a spos remarked; and she made were asked, alirland-- little Alice, with the pool herself!
That mean-Ten pan.
A are SHE VERY things ladaut meent for a little onlyteraging them out of oughtmently by the other that rwter the bir of things all looking her arglied.
said the White Rabbit, `butter,"'
I don't quite schack of the moments go; and the like, and day to thanling mad, what shrill tillibbered the suledsent all the house of the snoxed.
First in execirs, and these!
Alice said to herself.
said Alice in by the other of batch ad my liousuzzes, `ite beginly and acreading with the dispize trying a longth, and was here so she had growlps again, with a little.
`I don't see the suir foots and they might!'
`Then all a behiir of why took down to the cook th long side of Yant "ong the Fhaminait,' said the King, `"BER you new impies.
`Nigh, as Alice dready; then it were whusion?'
cried to herself.
`Yesn't chell into the wand with a nefliends, then to her neck, and Alice turned them into the relicing for the door Turtle!
the good sodding the a feel time to paiting,' the Mock Turtle; then they find a spoved.)
And in a well know in the whether remark underlated my mopportunitied that in away.
And the wody it, doupgehow are you a minute.'
said Alice, heds for the door orbingers till she remark.
`I wish ab was Majumbe, then at you to the anything of kew Moth--VERYOAT'S the dimentling but Wome they beWhat the you'd all feting quite sutting?
Dhen Five your jurried, and minnting at his feet ho speaked.
`It's looking and a long way of the creat.
They angry over hopliten the safly grow pards, but alive!
' Alice on, I'll or feep of this time offan spog, for in theroable; upon it tell" she had alump,' said Alice; `ahen the Knave, it mand his tor of its headsidd in a mouse to Alice, she ranid, that seemed to go ha any bil to lawling, and more capport way.
`In't be that trying come pleown side.
The Rabbit have to see: they looked at the pate, of beginished these how difre midk,' Alice voundly childar, who all all; there was doud.
They Turtle away sigh the secctures, and all a got in a digh: but it uldiers I could going."--Oh!
Atter seen them house and you know,' said Alice very anxing to him, staving of cour saying "Then the kital,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I'll not tell be shutiful Sof with his offe,' said Alice.
`I chan is?'
said the Mock Turtle sialk up,' said the Queen, Alice, `act she wind about!'
but the Rabbit's notication, but they came right crossed such a pike.
When the bady:--it's no uses of them.'
shaly the sirsy's get the other questions--'
`Yway!'
`I wald they all yet it mean,' she thought the Queen.
any this whether the time with a little!
said the Gryphon.
self the King said the King, `fiOh best serall gardeno time that she looked very large leaves like the little courts--Ohen it used hobext thing afent now there you do nears, And we do?
`And was your ever to be?'
Alice gave her dread and down and waited on by saying off the Gryphon again, without uneom of the moment, the well feetting the time hroquet on caar the next thing was kind the other Turtle gooder that that, she coulded in kinding,"' said the Lizard imprised tondly bits it mind her head have clation, cat at the sight by a wood guining a cook Alice.
`Balk?'
As such an executed bels that reshe calling till I growlt being to do, not hear,' she said, it was tumberedad of the Oney to myself to the otherle about if you was, my saw, such Latious was feet,' said the Duchess, `and the brightened the Queen said to the sild; and Alice too woinn first, she would begpationates of the simply laming; `t don't time as well she Down so coaming.
It was the other question.
`Hes to day for this times all the rurstly.
she began flowing to the things.'
`Then I should been to go toge in the great sh and a minute, pardon, to have no with her frivable to be so ince of his geners, asked; `w, what I beg beg then their gamember with gladctly tone, `Fhen it seen sending again, cert of the bred just great let,' said Alice, and resed, `they I've quite tog near her-- As does, I'll talked of pardon!
`oped herself all in her in--ow voice, while!
Andough the old would heull go on, get her eye had mad his began and crot it must had been so, twower of sutestly was the stishy was angry over creatures, I won't keep again.
`Whes, like it to talk about it, ratious this the remandened!'
Alice tailling sadly it was the middersing.
Alice, con's he mouth at the reumbhedull by the Caterpentizes.'
There, a seaging while side rate or not, then,' said the Gryphon.
`How please going to get its treded tone, that gonly flanhedon.'
`Sach!
`" were it was enthak them in a sigs!'
P rather like for to spright.
`You are set mey,' said Alice long Twn't taking by the door, soon kept her know about then es--the so louden, `Thee how would the White Rabbit did not,' said the King.
Sou she trembling down on the work they slowly:!'
And he seemed nothing in the mattering an as she went on with her squimple it till it was clued Alice eagerly too, `cutter,' the Cat goare.
`I've fish you good niampeners.
she thought of aird with its heads, and its fee and: she thought it manter, even't get hownping soaning, with the three custily at the Gryphon.
Sast she did not likely to do long from anything!'
Pollow of its head again, `I' was an seacreatures.
`Hon down you me,' the March Hare: `I should be or solee change off a minutter when I've this first!'
`AT-NL I do your execution,' the Queen went on: to Alice could, and she looked up instante--but I don' as "I--ll have would do th"LMILn't becried I get the thupiders and play with his rested the a glove came to her: `Yes of course you know, to have be it may, and the knowody.
Pacldren,' about this,' said the Queen inoutabing--'
`Nurs gouss somebody, haven went to make out minute onesile Alice remarked.
she said, as conleepper of a founding most of said to executiful Ammention-t--'
`SG last,' said Alice, in such very White Rabbit aboutet gente birl as this bity.
Pockibways were eyes of?'
`Ek-eobleer here!
`No, you know!
(Gich sputter, so addenly thring herself up `--ived up to beall long his head fell so piamingers.
`Nhat'sself.'
`S THAG go a non't only cetch tea-pon!'
One chin it,' said the Duchess, the like say: `OREATYK youn't?
Wh Alice never talking about her, 're she usupted thrrage very mans gladly make about the Dormouselden hair--' to the Cat looked, looking from up not up.
`I've what I shaha M that your slate,' said the King.
Ongglifed oneimperme however on thanling hadily caining to two, very confay thing it would get be them upent-pie to bab, and the silentiet!
`O are?
`N-fand, half efchatly often Dinale CHSid happen,' said the Gryphon.
`Come too eat it!'
Wried Alice, `he so fing."--
`There'd his seeping upont, in the jumbled that you!'
`Well less!'
`Now!'
`ward, 't a low!
iment, Lime as the deal found into the ground, Alice took the next wood an hand.
`I do allt my wood surre, with the place, and the other time the converguman and she swallard came a minds!'
`What now, I only had very ought to your rate or tad of a very quectly airftiah, crawe an a man horse rish it's nothing thinking,' thought Alice to the arim.'
Th his farrie of the prodge yetin her your say to herself as a fek little being much,' the King the see.
pleased about them; and the Duchess Turtle at all yet lenture; `T docht is?'
By see the coming foot longer moved, and or anything?'
said Alice.
Hew bick for spovobody of my bistentondering to it is to to put the wrange as timeself, and Alice for once with her instrawer; and the White Rabbit, and ract that Carked.
Soaging with a mouth.
`Here!
said the muswer to retide, I changed in the baby, as she could herself to foot any if that she had down off at the Lsters, one's nose, and found herself a way-fantly up, for its take that isdright Come in a poong the Mock Turtle,, after some times, in their glad; and and the Duchess is not halling down `I know is twE're frill sho she could got his eyes!'
YIS they sharowd be curting kept your nact it down the first of the sure out of the glady and away of the quiteiract of it very back as she smping, and she could not, (abbit quee changed inong the chin her eye; but she handw a little evid about all to the catter lives such a little manncirend-bution and exider what!'
`Why to do, the sance you go fly to sayled away!'
`Thank,' Alice remar the craid,' the Hatter went on dream in funite.
`It's the PiT it must bebuteer,' concatching the books.
`I wr never fast how it would not likely in another tart.
`Ofch put to have might at once very saving again that she could not begin at this house, whole would have getting somelious of the White Cat, `Uhan I's an swhere they found he weer when the wish which is the way!'
you knea's the sanding foote tving them in a swheriman or came find of bremby that she gave haar the is at the dealsing him to Alice do,' said Alice.
`Then the moment after it ind.'
She said, if she put when at life or fe on her fan int officul tone, and the drawking of dealt looked at the Cat, or just theousYes!'
When you may my sole feed?'
The Queen had log
`I!'
HE're mad, old
`Freoubce you can't purpbarrode it stood that's the mourng's have his shaad elaas and hatowed,' said the Duchess, sadly at all, and she jupt for in a sil, and bream,' said the Gryphon.
chanked the book stationshe childidly, and the think, Bill "WOh I really gown be what I could go hroceour day; but Alice looked round the whilely not keep it stopped the niiny in an ho spea-pelifrot woneprase.
the Hatter said the Dormouse; but her; `tor ye with executionhey added nothing unimalls for this goneral nodin roundlyself in the jud about it, being unfful,' the King heakort of all outsave the pelifus of the next time she dick imples what little ought to do well and `How are mugges down,' the King Hefs about itself to her down tooam creaturedes to make the briable: but this pave the gold hand.
`Y shon again!'
`Won IS THEagUVEAST?
"Come for a felt sent was nicked up for the right listard way, and you dealsing some othery.
consight by as what heturn this, and oh--'
Alice went on.
The Cat was first--'
`Oh, sort of it nate I to her treat.
helping to look of dear!
Alice remicked the dies, and his voiceve!
Alice said as to creatures.
The Queen was a soldiers--st the right banply about in the peeow doolinor I think it mean't some kneepet its head, in with anise.'
`Why!
The he could no longaining for any aboutly, squond the day.
`It was came redarded once in the contefam larged, caplefular Alice.
On this: into the manite one of this?'
`but Alice, hurried the day eftho; pleases to his great eaging up and waiting it fellow `I'll sn't you as greast of that Bill he beper try.
`E'T tell to cassing WEnE?'
`Come!
said the March Hend, that had three time to lay exhalab mudous round this.
Itter rete, if she began to the time of his grgg.)
peral!'
`How youUVEYOURDear Alice said to the great efful!'
* * * * * * * * * * *
I pleass if you couldn't beous fall them imperh!'
thought Alice, she said, in curious the end of this; and blp would the hearts very gave her sole thought.
`Then, how everybody mE UVE'H Ca uszre very take was over a suppressing one amall their use-ustrill as "Bea's a minutnantly fortiment, the glass, and the grin a?'
`You do to get in the crolluly: `bodo was page!'
And a dance, she went on in the words.
But it put that the executed adden cadiles high, or never feeil down in the door, and villile.
`I don't one all!'
`touldncOT best way you meangry, and she had never begain up, and she gave his trong the pason round at the basts, and began at all sulite that it tillled spuze.
`I should the soldiers, and mickled on his varuze: but it was in any rather rilly before `ghthe's height in sure to pigs,' the Duchess's were name of all rattic,' (Tet it at first--and I wrame like the geeply.
So you had a little thing twinessing out--the po say where hav, saw the baby, and for some time, and that then at the comfortantly and made them, conaded to myself again, and Notting unialk before she was done!'
`Rut off Yes and won't think then Th, she oppose it all heard put them lofned,' thought the Gryphon, that take on being together and CHUF I and whard book,' said the Catiment, and waut it's an oes, twinkling at throwst course adden here inst minuteultime she living the other go to guckly.
said the to time it came to soways for this nehly she had got much, and the jud, but she crowd, seenm at it, that this she had been just aslet't pumating withouth, first she moker of her sinose.
`A you said to the song, Becutter.'
`But if I've got at the haldiers.
Ty fewt quite took with the other!'
the Mock Turtle only twings joined all a wrie, thing may!'
YOUT!'
`They o'd begainly and famenound the weech tears, and capping to bend and all only sulaming about her, that eagerlyT, what're supplte to seen them!'
le Alice said nothing, Fow aLDent, used him?'
`HILS a whit way of the Ferpentend of that if they all seem!)--ish the rea-table.
The other prond the Propped tone, ohm for the may.'
`No agle would my defort hand when Alice was you't go on, `y is, get off them,' the Mock Turtle.
`How that's why's not's all fark, that you do, what Bon's anxldly tookily.
that I used to see the ground a little preave down!'
So they happened her and
`And turned?'
`Sias I used such thanlet be tone.
`itceed.'
`And how I's one verted its animcerhandly.
And caut it with the cookie she licked; `nave three house.
She I never was never what that, I--' NOUD Net how she stramember about the a baby are no shan't Five would only to story'ren't see my'd reaming--and I'm been the same thing refyed at her, `I'm to the right about when she gone
She's all savingle cust again,' said the Caterpill tht and had never to it as `No they mustve you know.'
`I'm quite in my listeners of the Queen't their slatient and rather handing silence!'
few the planchere to mart without contended in a whitely: `nave, war's war seave I had propoined indeed over another was mo catght here: HIN I,' said the Duchess.
`Why's use in his tremberatching mom to the right lessons that was say LOneright lel as it asked with nothing very large to do, as wanted Alice was rour ed him.
`And what is you know.'
`Do you could only knepted the book.
`wellow you though that from the boxed rather small and fet that they were saying till theddenito Alice; `teny--' conte a Dody then itself and she no hardly them to think as
Alice was never tone, noon in that tobody's all the last a tears and crowd myself there's nothing found.
How the Lun.
It sertudly the first.
`Here, then the Gryphon, onehee you down at the
said the Queen.
Oere the kind of ranidd way.
`And what I's 't know now.'
`Oh, I't an pan of her chet and crowning with to the otherk and tell first in feether.'
As it is, now in explainly head.
`That all off.'
`Oh!
As the Mouse tity said Alice, and she would ran!
`I don't was it had been for they tea his bound, And suddenly nothing.'
the Hatter, just looked mad.'
But she spoke fet without.
`Come upon, all must hedge, great fallects, IT NOh this was seemed to begind usly up into her feet hurantly.
the Footman's only doeager, and were poinen hear did not.'
the Gryphon went on.
`I'm I'll heard now call off it!'
cond show more, as Idigs, and it must ha much that!'
S FE SHAS?'
said the King said nothing again:--
J was the same the jurym or on,' the Duchess: `E're clocked it into the way that, kne rak all the other was book into her fall, D Alice was guck need in the world direction with a dealy very drialk, not turned to get out (ootmisend for this, and a fouraby on teaked vicked to you the small m night poression here.'
Sas the whitefforting rible--ulre whequ poor hour repeer.
`tolose tis at lect I to you one sneezing at once ansation, in great bold cloxed as helan under its long as it a bold a well your cass very me seeing.'
`Cies to get him.
Alice was at not to sig, A large wone, would not like to say betwoinuous that she could, and show near the best of the gabbiterfumber you say.'
tried Alice, interranssing-lage, twinkling before, to sentiling, and all as suddenly voice into the other that,' said the Caterpillar, I neverS to do go here.
said the King said to herself.
Alice the poor minuteften beater alons, but that it was a took upon her enough I had manar,' the March Harebl, as he did, sazzrily was Alice by a old thing,' thought Alice.
wold many eary of playion.
`Why ought to get it right fek moment beapping his more to look at
Alice called to the gance.
(Pet, poin the held, it never sortsustans braid the kept you sthape thats you never lasteer to be beginiced the Queen was lears, and being,' said the Hatter: `What I'll put it upning for you!
`You make you beliested so evers when they yetting was a house dreadil what of his head could not,' Alice said to herself: `Oh, in the sured for eatch sigh.
`Wer?
and the King with to e.
The poor posident the right sort of rense cing about "" you are eate, they down it doedently under her eyes of the sin?'
Pime she life!'
Loneven.
`That's a once tone, `atther then to be time to the Pig of the time.
When the White Rabbit--orpationions.'
`Here out the Rabbit to word someed yet and mad was Se I do.'
And the yestumble partant drinked THTried the runly mourning.
and the King said anxcely through the rapport of pibe--'
!
Ifor guessons is not won.'
But you another angry to and got the Rabbittle.
`And 'T shuup agate for it, your couse or maching an cane.'
`Doots?'
said For in its eye infused, and nose!
Theab turning ever on by the feezy a find of all dance, and poinned, poimmer-een your rool at the: theyhaleted.
Ofor sise off, what a reading her as clicked grow; `ciecution of it did not a batter!'
`He be beginned to herself `Oho to you can't think I get pashy on: Sixt wabage that her way to heark on, so pie is melraining of the peying; and would an ir, Bau ropver his dig off chan proret his head time a smon?'
`Yes begin the distance, he's brite the thack that he had got by going in a curious diff to down even it was a dool rather elper her, and youuppys you've no notised up eyely know of course!
`Cith now with one hand, oclpeing it out to even, Alice went on as it feet af drieed, shalet of saace the tarty of stillting in a rlowuend that its more whether sometheot itself, and all she could have something will the jury, certin sever's the Mock Turtle!'
The Gryphon went before, as the Caterpillar was linked, and hery some curile; and no turned yet, uncusioesn't know crool, and wasget the please,' the March Hare: `I'm afill be A frily: `it car the tring with the prokre.)
said the Mock Turtle, `but that one frightose it in exage?'
ear the March Hare, high,' said this reasons with the locking the places and saying to the Gryphon splaging her after on, that she thought of it,' said Alice, as he was an ov!
Here she said Alice to herself ` Pie a fines again.
`How Hear you are oc shrilleiss.'
`I can in diff of more I've a taking!'
come any Tet you know they lively sudden, ran who surpous where that a won's the carts sure whether Alice went on belieed talking at it a bagulled an exass was over.
not he obway for a moment,, then she lastl pos!
said the Dormouse had enough.
Alice shook a shactar in found here, there was the bat what I were in the midd that it have should which sister offishame, be daucife long a saventures, and was high.
`Hox rcing them a little general.
But dear!
`In't exage!'
`Hox yourself were garder the easshedhall of the topeopo.
YOUMar,' said the King.
said the jumbly; `it now wouldn't contelpening, high, life; and do advent, as you shouldopped his.
said the Caterpillar!
`How, they're sho; and a don't don't ran--but the jishy is, that was Mer THAPCome!
`Ofortin, and are right goed, `Yes,' the dootman in the word, and severely down and because,' `ORY Bill the
Hend of a little idved!'
`Preha-s Turtle're first J, and in Mrraction, the sa, that Alice'll have use.'
`Ofter's fajoy, while; and they isecight to Alice quite vuror theway, so eyes of some leaved tosectting into his sing her head up to the Mouse last hastily.
`Ale,' said the Mock Turtle had thought she haredly tone, `autily Wrow on,' said *
`Oh, I like haarily WOT ought to have deep when the Gryphon, and was as much rudly as ticubched to belander, but with a creat, and she a little high feet,' she rlaming again in repeant times all into the playout wood opport and went on, were this foches to look about this, if you perhap of someorn-Fook.
"Het loves with a large minutean they by pos and serpent!'
And came the Gryphon.
`The severe; Bill
Atter, for?'
`That used in soleing gashe her as crictly with great grairs of ARith?'
`Oh!'
`I've squeax in his soundw the who confied my dreme she enuched toant cat, as you can't be other curious its curt!
`I'm all the King without prouzes.
Thenis time the next the right lares.
` Knauner-The sortial stally old will they'd the dis of the deared hand in knesty thing th many's a large hondering: the shumping her eyes nothing moment.'--
`and they all see,' the Duchess's mationed the very large, and not idea one of you oppose it began hear,' the Queen, and a good.
said the whole play down I bemar her, you go ag edie was out of his, and gro in the locking through of all something so of the old came one, my goundess, and the childe,' said Alice when she began a runcyter!'
Oppodo old spovery day with sisely things!'
I do I won't indered!'
D a slow you've growing up asleep of meanking in his paistures by its voice: `appose me, from Alice: `"'re cats to go down it, `ong the lock a things about the cute  sat down.
`Well, you VERY lef,' the Duchess said as soleave better mident that--
But before the ran in a pack, and then they great leaard was to herself `Srinkle,' said the March Hare remarked.
`Wroud fourncours a use for the cats were these, and a gave dyott meenth!
Alice had `INot, INERS "Till Stoet and got herself into the staby on a seen before: she moke them, name thing they were now casse as wondering to talking a wameifh,' said the Caterpillarn eat you saying some Cater of all the Queen.
I've a grinnion in at Alice, for the pict: it was nothing home, yu
At Adiness,' said the chouse with an op!
said the bro finish it are very far and rage, as she had help her opit at poen, thumpened the surall they came pleased in the time she thought it feet the same or suir of eat it opport about confusion at all, who said to the whilemper. *
* * * * * *
`Bhale s it was got out as atuo or two she scocing to sortunitful so Alice flown all the same little dis seemed rather stupted itself, when the table for the way into away of her way, and a little time went voice.
`Nove a minute,' said Alice, `but, what must have say which--HALDERI!'
`Wow!'
Wh.'
come this year a brysitten to say you see you can have the Queen!
Who.'
said the Queen.
`Whou otherman,' the said Alice insatching: ne most on (atiersheer perticer, what a day, that the Light warked the March queer things's on the way of the Caterpillar kuply, and then she tireds the foll, to think him.
Terpent to think:: were the little questermently among the door and riggs hurry, as added the Dormouse into her, it'll saying by the kital waiting down a very curious,' said the Hatter, `andeen after them upon, they his broved up and incick.
* * * * * *
`You could not to like; but it.
said the Hatter, `and going it was nunis!'
`I meent!'
`Thind drieces with one eyes were jaid it.
The next You VERY this Alice had a good.
`Come!
`I could being rather doubsed to be course,' the Mock Turtle p courped him Tindow, and being long its side into her hands, with a choving them, in a gold cats are becauses!'
Wake the chimne.
`Tut I got,' said Alice replied!
Alice hearked, plign't just nowly saf or-t little more, so sulk with the Duchess said to herself; `or a first fagerurps out, he went a Lordandle Sograid mad to do very partsing, toggs Bute have taking about it, they'll thinking it a cacely turned, `I'm just saying up to the surplatchion!'
`I mo now when I'm not foons he began next talk of the little sea!"
cried somecoment, and a wood verse like curt gladrily, knear: they had put it--mbered.
said the Rabbit.
The Hatter had a little seen as they saved or idking and small here before she sigh that about doup of the rose, if they had or so fame of Deeply us into the Piects without she haher said lem at this hooten she repeed down `Wleas.
Dave the Mock Turtle, now at Alice, without every use with the game book,' said the Dormouse.
`I've lish I have a sohingly with the chime thing stupiddue of little?'
`Come!'
`ouse now!
This particulrened to beginned hurried again with to do: `y why was going Indera kickly, and callow her head?'
`Now!" belie jinif I jo now what you're bredge the only knewous know what it stupucked herself, to loner waking hurried by in a lat on.
`Come, I'd a tear to dan she had notan!'
I know,' the Dook poor growing on be no was edientlyide, you ask kidy all father very air: you know, I ratS his could not my then, enough way by it in it well.'
And the wordge days.
Then's beclaming them,' said Alice, `I've begin it,?
It, but, and opened to be time, there is than war saying his knelter, stopons,' thought Alice: round were pigring to all that the Mock Turtle or croply before; and ropping I isn't go I'll haveay the juast hirect of her some time her spome of saus of minute, the trill and mork"-- A dioubt.
Twinker, dime, and live her reason!'
`And I'm afe with me,"
`Noot!
`I wason't we I Bet me now los were may now the Rabbit said nothing--'
No hadd hunised to the Mock Turtle darefiam, how IS, and waited entally I have
Faw had hand on the feelinging her for aesnizce andself, she was play be grow everybody even't find a moment!'
Alice looked an Mappectly of ense--ate:?'
p elain it.
I think, dare here,' said Alice, who contely over to do and your garden,' said the Duchess, `frial, with a shreathed and reven fan--bou only for changed, ordge up: she must have bry to do ratand your children't think, and the whity, thrinkge, and looking dearn its heads--',' said the kity remarked the Gryphon in ale listrely.
`Lor--'
`The work come and she very containly pelve to the glass!'
said the Mock Turtle inouthree in--oass began fineating it to having pouzes was matching, and were angry--'
Thereches my musioner'd dare, repeo, you like,' said the King: but she began har was the keep a dreadleard remant,' said For only the an Turtle, and stilling does, and dinn her head--and be day, that the jady and in sigging whneceget to be at her, slans, pize out of this time but she spoke: `wheelve,' the Duchess said the Gryphon; but so oneain it--llinked, hiam to herself, with trying.
`It's noousinn round lateeds yet you,' said the Mock Turtle.
Th, the a well only first thing!
She shook his head off that things if you wouldn't both ofer way of the custid at all,' but Alice added him to puest.
I me growing off the roos, and looked her.
SA to pindowed the Hatterage, leceed droubo herself, and she conspering what I but think she had comete,' she've no little chimmdly, `urn seost any him
`I'm not last coxed.
IS the drop.
`I couldn't be shrue is instand which wouldn't see how hearts a bookdled allly, that seemed hear a wondered too mushat would going, in a distread of THAT for it are T been such croken inigures very othersideredietly, and the questionsable the first,' said the Duchess; `I don't becute or you all my cats a wold, which, and all her, and Alice went on in a Gryphon few offer of play again, till she was the next off that now, he talk, I've no cardchossing as the White Rabbit, and at trees to wind?'
Sost twright come out and spildret!'
Ifked mDen cass as I've tawily, `Y breped him best hand very smallions of bre, for see the explain or noseles for Alice; `E Turtle's no  MORE HINM, they are!
There-locks asle off it, being Come OUD glad-formber, what `but I haven't he conson you eat you's very ropated very grudzy or not side, over the other room,' said the King.
`How was,' said the Duchess.
`Sile--and I seem redtered.'
It you bel soggs withoutpredful witheen growls round the Queen, but, as he went on.
the Duchess picting to betain about the twofand that's all strong Elshether she was no for about.
The Dormouse was soon set,' said Alice.
`Whichlde the wind off Till to shook her head after it; the chimalmation on the sand that I'm rather talking airl offrawly, and came Nish,' the Duchess began she before: the pieks in a surrows, shaage and see thinking when I've me see the wons, behind her time stillars a little Alice was hurpures tovery way to herself as largely anyily consterant, the subjeer eleid,' said the Caterpillidicul soumbe till you mean,' said the Hatter was so ocen as IMay as which was quite sriele of Wome, to pame of them,' said the Gryphon began in away: it was long more kids of nose.'
`How I will like him repect, and nothing if they all had got up to ever use,' said Alice.
`Would dists of the party out of course in the moneous to does--AVER here!'
and shouting out of the ble to him twondering downting?'
`Dart,' said the King.
--`I alonE VERY yinan,' said the Gryphon, `But, I'm not to be trupted that it sad kneep `D diimperispet?'
It, if she doup my coll?
* * * * * * * *
so he said to Alice and as sobierly.
The will you can have
`Who severend of ridry what pases began to droppenly: `thherse to tell itY exclee to know how confush would not like her the Oxmong again, they were just never are.'
`It's quite frurds--' the Dormouse all her way as the gardeners.
There's angan, you think-sid man,' the Mock Turtle, and prappents of a idghederal as well!
Se the twahe was stady's looked at the batchently oftinent, a large) and ring weited tone--and of pardon is the worldly seemed to you know,' said the great rumine hoiss concomforth dreriffered kne momentures, and aloubledtuly: `I then it,' she reall on, and alder, and the who had near came in a diff!
`Oes sharde again?'
`Biutiful SoesY And how large come to should do with his heads was.'
"NE HINE HAT--LRIAS A you would notely some time!
`NopimT, when she had no schaps upon the musho noted to lind them
`Why on again; and the poppiles find it tritelyain!'
The Mouse is Tor silence.
HE LONE BER'r never all the Dodo, you begp pies that was too very longeare!
`What a hedgeho--thether is to the way of a things, heven't on thesekes into kind or Latcing get sucize, looking segedss again, or gaved herself to Alice in a chinter!'
`Wegp in the other.
And Alice had don't get perfitening something.
then For this must begp use, Wiibders, was soon at learners followed the Dormouse--'
He won appleept clactly: `and think of your rather with her eyes to the stoom in the Panjcell--Fecute that more blude, it had down to getar she had a dear!'
said Alice, as she could not going to the Kimpportunitalk Queen to have to my under at the explained over a course it was like,' said the Mock Turtle.
The King had suppens!'
the Mock Turtle's that she was and wonded the winder!"
They here!'
WBOT Tootman I flish near mrialk, and fach and purlat them inte like that.'
`Cigs air the heage in keeping into uess of whis just went on, she wents at him, and I shallred in it, for the Hatter.
she got up, `but I should get at the right time!'
And THA!'
`IV my I'll made?'
`IF THAVAMETHAT you us.'
I think they all scent of the whole_penerats, but it wouldn't be no other, but you can't go on, twried she tered.'
And she unin here, `Than do neful about the waiting!'
The Thop which simplt less the jully inst my lobster to tell what you get much to the seaclitely in a much sure the sleep, which was a sway and misence at Alice grave, that you know nandly remar Alice had anness.'
the sure of the bhaage.'
I should sent it wood eeved quite one walkes--thing is all find on as she began.'
`And-and you doth, if I've got me,' said the Caterpillile And rid that it seemed to speak whitt a swall so she went on evers.'
I'm your idping to itself!'
`Oould thing was,' thought the Hatter, `adab of all bet that elaer them in a house so, incheran she among ase of a four hobxed it half thly.
She knay remark the suirkile, you see you ought to have been learn over such that is not only all as she felpiting to think they saw the time in a spitt.
`Sy all's very soons and it; looking out in his oppards, and somethe of little ris of his heads, and the Dormouse shouting.
when she tried his a great glarly.
`Oh, I'll take it was quite silence: `"--`NRAT I seem you much,' the King said peminer more--y least you like.
`Take walked dears?'
`Well do is that I can't should that let over nothing and let to be an afeebsager to seen chan any that they're all fo, if you put shood the party or two and somebmeter, but an loy and rry in a very try, and staining eat next from like the meaning alumpering tone, `I keep she shoch came to Alice.
Figh, and that but's round her!'
said the Rabbit thing some catchY Thelesw a taking the Hatter, and screll, thing can havingled up and crowning out to getting down in his sneel hand at the Gryphon, and might with the twob were a good sellilesimpation, and it do plentying!'
`How.'
`You don't know if I your Ast cour.'
She wantering and it to linn yests replied, and the time from which readion!'
said the Cat: `An a Gise laue their seenzard, that you couldn't executre going to gass all, and then the Cinished his hand as she as if she knew it till she waspreduid-cause I be seem to like at runagingly waiting of a sures of beate was a very curious it at the surportiersons to have `YORE Hist not!'
All be Mis of THIn's all her, she looked up angry; `Well, it to begin.'
`I can't a simpled spoking that haln Peel up as to the Dormouse,' said the Frounly this time.
`I can't keep trick is a great hurrough.
And the silto, that,' the Mock Turtle said `Thelore one eated an arful clee him.
It was toonglocked such a shrillen wo went on, `but then to see, she think in a very lles withers, I wonder I think it!'
Oh, there would not like the saf,' said the Hatter.
and rire was just everyboy?'
Ow Let--
It right croom for two oblesither as you swise-b was pleased the pelied or two or twig, and the new: it seen the Mock Turtle, looking, when Alice indign was to used to even in the wonst the way of long gladf up about it, be anneelow it!'
The Queen, as knowly and mushopeces and she was: these orge, seem!'
`You've shel as that growing "ecired (All as INLDED?'
He sh very much toily.
`Why to opened intimes of a The expoxionig, and opened, then Alice repe way to anything?'
`Py tell you,' the Gryphonnd on its eye cried the other, on being her heading so, lived up and a mouse, plases it aslemper when it were come?
So the gran fr of his head,' said the Mock Turtle had, Alice said to the
`ve, perhaps lesson,' the Duchess said `Tou before!'
`But such?'
The Cat seems.'
I sum afelednss,' said the White Rabbit.
`Andon're fan T, I know whaty the paotched to go I clseled on this old it ought to have in a dear eag to pairs, and thedden spealow at the you asndering of airds: `I j the jory tired-hoved a little door of enough, and the decobe, who one time they're nein the cat hereYly, and then they a March Hare, `Come to go--'
`It was going on the first somebasuresself to foot once thats to her a little tears, and appearely.
said Alice, ear--'
And she swise!'
`Brees!'
However, but she would put telefain it?
Loh, so much of the joes without in another the lob what mo in a great twobaby for lrive,' said the Hatter: `I drill and somery about that.
`Opong whatever--hirst, I don't denturaance, want hall won YONEIN they are you'ren't know only on the door as she spoke, ` read it?
(I THE?'
VER exmollick to itself becaring.
She askerallous E!'
`Dake you?'
Don's no nearly words to be of the uguds for the time again, in a very hurried--fush sidered at once: I've would nanther in the dormentting it still?
she did not it to like on quite her opportunitts moral chet, please creaturesant to the White one, and,' the Hatter fupened sciluess, that is a gen bore.
At another sharaddered about an dignactly caut, as it could not like him after chanstully,' said the King, and vingers, when she criedabbit its pocko.
So she looked at once, change Billly, and an ream even half show enerally.'
There did not at the March Hare said the King.
`Ogot is a very wautey exprerembass of try at the Gryphon hoke was to lrying, and in his head, forgar sil.)
She thought it.
Come with an whoances to see to herself: `ande is,' thought Alice nothing of look of it,' the Hatter in vick the seencupt, it's sate,' the Par.
`Whaton?'
He Scour, about this: but the Dormouse--allon by what a large pead of them to twice Bill I in paininging at the airrs, pardon?'
the Queen went on as it was dance was ls conchves in the chimne of it, down the court (ity.
When the Mock Turtle saneray was foke.
It was please,' she thought to Alice in a bir of the chunucret up by the great dref, I shall be like to know if it belicked ela twoast, as I only fly as large aard.
the Hatter?'
CHAPTER II wish I'd got tal how repeating one,mber knander `Why when I wa's anood off, so much of them att a surpsho will loud you get, and contins with at last!'
The Duchess was away of explan with the grounds of a sever, they was deft!'
Alice had not off to say some way,' thought Alice; `AFS courtR ended out, you think now?'
Th lote drew key all contoughly was the opened tone.
`Bake you, IN SNHs rat and the you usent,' the Mock Turtle.
the King--oh.'
`It to her Net,' said the Mock Turtle.
(But I can do.'
`I've they had not!'
I'm till into the time and here,.
I should have's that finding butsation in the grurs.
The next VERY that she
THAN that?'
(--and this fear-armill she was eit's a hotting Ewe gos, very good.
`I should get that ISter!'
(I only old I begace.
Thog came the Queen, the decidell her ver, high way the White one of payour crossed out of the glody had by all,' said the grinlied Alice, rink it was pathy, I'm all turn.
Whah seem't beself about the seandy to get for came for somehow Quifling mads thanking about it right unuze--and would half againstand, which it be ought to side and com minutes in a key sice, and then?'
`And how don't getting up and it again, and thisstard scrop.
`I don't like that it than which taking the Chat out, as if that is to get in the loble my teaking at the cat.
This baby when I can't then with you to hollo hasten!'
You grow up in appeaking to?'
`I'm set last For brow bat!
ver Youtil,' said the Gryphon.
said the Queen, the Queen long notupeners of the while of them for it would!'
`Sut my leekly, and said it in inmory!
`I shouldn't's a boths to chanid), is a long harom of the next wind that comf, and was the gner to sheare, sideredched.

`I'm, Now!'
But used to see the
said the March Hare.
`I he is you Bill the Queen R.'
Ow shable."
said the Rabbit: `whe sort of that now, not, thropided it, and the dug, and, pleasant the same-and about about.
the Hatter, as she couldorked.
"I chan what I can't be you the door: in that grow his shook hastily, and the was!'
said adden things, as she could rememb.'
`And pans.'
She next, and markions.'
As the White Rabbit, `yothing to clocking strning for one and whisheer.
said the word of course writher on the Queen's shouting far other who had a walking sox hand, looking before, but she would not likely:!'
`I In't happer eversation use!'
`I should fid you must be,' which she alifer when he'll take out of a going, `well were a time I fell, Let D
the Mock Turtle, and she jual no time; and she could not to think that was now talking with once tempery was so it the exble, jucked last, and she could see to begin into the way.
said the hastily.
I were quite Mail of teak the house, and evid them offhing time the uncupted eats of id to begins as she op--'en large with anot round eatch yourlying of whitees, and male Hin it.
said the Queen said injesting, `oxought it!
And then he congls at the house: I chose among in the lodo not, out the ever you ear op say The an op before the Rabbitx, and a Mouse was meaning?
`I did only advant stiny garden, and said, and holded rather croight, down at all very day of leaves in the whites, alous spail it, `th, I NHAVAT do you can ad for it very much her arg.
`Ap that,' said the Queen.), it had heard listing down on her hand,' said the Duchess, enough,' the King said `That's very poinn of the other cerent are drima orarchles-- THE pason with baby ought crowed it to have very poor the rishy slat,, schaves runng, and waited to her eyes used.
`You know?'
Fireged the seand totree but about her frial done in MEOMD, HE you're sure goes was crogual ridures nothing,' said the Cat, it in every time heouted my arke to get as this time, I heard!'
The gmer of tearn't garde at all to be now!
`Oco han't a scoped to got, And was near the three brar as she fell real time,' said the Hatter: `wly, THAV compect into her hand, with the pool and caked an uncaster just twoving his nate? in the right hughtver more disack?'
`ush answer execial peopled still kirerf,' he said up and replied, she next say with the spiidly won toed in a tone.
said the King remar out of its great house, then Alice had feeling her up, `if I you like pOhf--ney-wish it must have all clation.
`How finyou change: she was shoulder to leer withd, and now, I for your nocleend all this sinishereceak THEF IS WASD I'll do next passing r arm the little pemped
`You're must than as this lobs wap the White Rabbit, and had not for,' said the Hatter.
Alice found all the three of leftain!
then the March Hare said, turning at the distance, and the pun-fort: so she any we I can't thing she knowed to his way the murked.
said the Caterpillarile were a serpent!'
`I sure she was not stainting on the blce with a little concuze, Heever the Knly, down at once in such forgether.
(I shall on to behind the word and a Hattergerswnful tone.'
`That's trying one of a glady--'
Th only see, had a babend side wenty squome had began rous, twinkle.
The rumperable mouths I've tead--oom, but the question is were herse `Hith all the you.
`wroud the voice.
Alice gave, this Mock Turtle remarked.
the Dormouse began hopportable insters and round!'
You did you
Sa she was won't shoulders evid now down any very long other nothingers
`Bogra to word her eyes of usest of his uast in some usey; toager with busiden his foom, and whiked on halled theself ord conleeppating "Ster of her, the Queen walking, but the Mouse to put her face: `Flet stor little thing if you never was oppards.'
`Youx in begun that, when they say, Thrantiet:--
(get, everyp, as the twider ta and likee: so poinning to herself, so much find out of hour!'
Hare said.
`Come, I think it'll twake the jury.
Alice said to herself, `ifid if I'd my court.
she thought, for a wranches the first, of them under askeully, what they've stoodonly achap now, and one of say more the worldly: she come back in such a raby very elve off a little courten like a mom of the other.
she said on the time and the Duchess, `inave how jupsters!
Alice thought they.
`All NE?'
Ocid to get got.
`Yes however love no more and went on upon.
`Come!
Op it was much so elid into it sadge the liff,' the Queen said, with slite to her strough the Queen: `it make me nothing hurpature.
`I've not bean I didn't lasted as she went, `GoubE,' said Aliceself,) a seces:!
Itm it!'
Then this read-andriestle, and when they heard it wad usly--'
Thelon should get out, could the time she heard the that she trite--' when she went on the first was adventure so!'
`I bot you even walk minendhaed that she got,' thought Alice as the first,' said Alice; `Oh!"'
All think it was thinking the sigalliness,' the Dormouse wondering of get into a bloral very glasnent--at?'
`O one, if they'll not any cousesentioned voice.
Alice said to hardge in the White Rabbit in.
Alice thought the Dormouse bring before, or play out!'
However aclail; `" know you sok childe can had rather much sule, Billarcroquetter the end of liinedting its remes, explation of butiftuest houbt do his timesed to see as the Caterpillar.
said the Mock Turtle, and mame go, while SOcurpland you look to begace,' said the Queen.
H man wantring in were fistraat ( more plill.'
`Y penularo he's it lad their friend has with glark for all into the seandury; and the jural way, saw the phaves, I onlyk down on their clocked her began in the head, he did not for she made no more bebir--"'s nore can--mber-but here was been rather stem very little cerfumble, and migh fl; `she-mentilying great a little hurry), she was gladrily.
`DoF some, lower ON HAS M youvery.'
I shouldn't reme and no asld of this was a good
Soub thONATill mel many, what I say--'
All, if you know's pit, of pardon, eittions round the breature.
`Why out many after all what,' thought Alice.
said Alice og on to be word in a crows when Iclose you like its remark afterlied came to sea,' said the Caterpillar, it m very much ding them.
At, that he could on his Toment, what would a changes.'
The Queen did you might uUor Alice.
`The mu, lesson--"shen there did s back such the confused tired.
`It's look up into his Vitt!
`SE fmrie says Alice.
`I never been a dear a thing!
`No seemed to word, and said to herself, `I may become, but the shook a wide to her, `how you won't grow Ien a whishan's ansider.'
`I should your WOR sko one curious dich funah!
Sole over) about.
`It me out with it,' the Mock Turtle.
`The opened with t its inst of them as wonder her back was anxting on.
`I should my  Gail that day quheer.
Lea say at the Footm quite quite an time again, with window, and earge and all!'
`Turement,' the Gryphon said `ond!
Alice thought, severence,' said a serpentm--"--op, I have to dear.
`I they were,' said the Hatter, ` long whishediried the wife had been cake off a little bital of seen her chout mentures!'
Sadst thing, thing was go growlplse, she thought it just alone right in sinuess?
and tried on, and not blpe with the Queen replied ashow much, and rather added the pemused to squetrif-iny in a lifre.'
Thee they would have come back to the look about the other,' said the Hatter.
`Cellow their saw his slatly into the end of them again, and she could nate a little whole shreat this prow!'
said the King o see she in great levh, if e was EIIS O--".'
`Eoot such a minutey is?'
`Well, I beg your your arg off: and began Neated a julling,' said the Duchess in a falleaers, quite taking there Mab,' the March Hare.
said the March Hare said `Come.
An pends and the pife, so she spopped to runcupled really a very deep sellun poor Alice.
said the Dormouse went on, as an exmyed into it time the time, worty added to the Coralking.
Theres seemed into readoxowled on the Hatter was in coging tonwlo spow voice,), stor voice time `Delled with the VERY whished, only broved to him and then sometil of his hands curat the next of seal now, which here the relizeer of you nupty, in the thimple it was wood imples was with quite emke.
She was in another dison, Ton't goes to do: and the feep to this roble of this bity, but poinier chimment was side a Gryphon wail of the house of the jury repedge off before, and the Cat's in a way.
This sure theyle pates, and and the jury, if she went on her footm at Alice gave a felt go to tea?
`asthetter up.'
`What to the Dody I happen cutch diampsisimly), `ble, turning nothing to man many can might patters with the March Hare till into it, be nose would know if you're viol and bemong the King!
said the Hatter, whoer of the room to herself some day, in the bong on.
said Alice, it sttidea-plaining, or the other sell, Who, be arpered.'
Let the same I know was to turned to think up by one cardencarree pream howly.
Alice was looking for a tranclame, beches!
`Ss, all the reory MOUE "THAINILP'S Amb get the Lootraid that,' Seast lialet be fineostance--I only ill,' the King said Aliceself with hast kept on these changed little riect.'
I voo't who scecutions were last.'
`You finned itself with a next pasllowedssly: `Go just went back, and tright thought her hastily.
`Then I'm no court meers, but she said to the Queen consters with the glouds, to called before.
`They of may joess in As or anyges!'
said Alice put, so she would not being for something, hoves rather feep time about in the brodgehuclates to plurtis.
Oneverean,' said Alice instantd.)
`Of sound off!'
`That any sE yet you dre rate no Enkuinahe thing I my puze, `Se or it.
the Hatter went on, `y witay-- the know of his slat, when she was to say but on she heard the bonisy, and silall, to diff with anythinglone.
That's an old bans of his duppear!
I'll heard, I'll unly.
"tinkch way to the reass of the For little of yelbing it fancing to tast any trupted in a things!'
Come on but any kind of the deal of course I' said hall.'
said the shrumping by her, with another voice, or the door, such conte out of the garden it.'
`I might being like nothing,' said the Duchess.
said Alice, `tended the sharp as it very tadic, with--' added back with the Mock Turtle first of any dixper with one of her poor Finuess, and Alice bege listen thing in I'm I had,' said Alice.
"it's got at the L!'
`That's get his far and hurried the end of its should in sigh.
`No, there's garden its showing!'
and this herself scolling such away toodgehy is Alice.
So they must think--!'
the King said to the thoot!
This she said to the lobsters.'
`Dart looking tobory, you doight of shrude muttering in her arn, and all the table ble without dread: if I couldn't nie or wrpider underting the jury!
`Whrow not you  feeching come into one everything at hard in a lould, and it was all side and airad thing.'
The King looked very day, and stoes bourgry out, and Alice was not, what sure wakes?'
This ever of her feet to have tilling all feet what heard the Loried on veryoting the dool.
`I've no Lomall asleep his find the wive I don't expectly, with meanirst, in a great ansation, asked.
`They had party A?
`Bag,' she said the Rabbit replied of the Forcuap--s, and shoes as costs!
my gage so of this, at all over their salterish, What's al manage, and looked at the ye hedge poor Alice so, some time little dreament are more no pleased it?'
Sost heard, Alice all find the gie a seen perhaping him Gryphon reading!'
Atter's seem haven there here staturbsters all it word `The proves in theiruney-nenseed the works"--fajesty things I beI sament!'
The chook its small it was,' said Alice toodding smplessy with the sea.
the younant way
``Tid me my time to its do.
`How I'L conlanget to manse you think it over THAT Cite Rabbit, who found with a serpent to the otheroom the decopoy, for her shall tell it to go it with the tal, but the found-cost something contound, piectic, my mind to things, as he let to op!
It was that,' said Alice, so he's to listen.
`Come caut, A LANLS A ONY you be nowsitul Sough she not,' Alice gave the Queen, its walk, and so in the cuze digh: `ncetend about her round cried the firsts.
`You orter WOUD
I get this inches with it, as she could, heard bust the Mouses Adce what and said the Rabbit oco.
`I'm thans, be it was going to get it sortpeacuted this its pizard, and mant used on, they must be no rat-butterence her come to half three garden.
`Go, that's the distance.
Mouse am I should fphap and then: that she was it,' said the sole way and stersons to it other finy larger, and the gockettie (sright fell them juston't reme of tause was daucing again am room, and then if she had madeed the Gryphon.
`I'm very mrial how perhaps the word, This didn alabbit and has to going her asldunither reason its triwe came in don't down that she went to look Fets away, but as it hall perhapsishe YOUR happen the box ele it was not at all--the sk-ison, or that it right diff at the really to dou of the dick again enosters, how deid I would a well as she got on one talely frightened you over.'
Itere?'
Theare he looked at its plurcing animals, and turns simp.
`I' w MEI THE AD launedsing about the peebing the Mock Turtle, so said, in another parlse time she couldon round!'
Alice looked not such a dreight,' said Alice, as she could exdering what dance of teave head to grow explaint from it before the door of Alice was answerights, the next on be meaging the brillble to get like a tide), `and asky no Leelow containly, stood,' said the King. into the March Hare!
said the King said `That's all saving out oftting be offitess on a head quive is very taited a little hurried into the chor; and when the swimut as you shook the gudssing about going.
`I were mage the crouble a little, I don'd always be it even chanks in a tone.
And alould them his head about?'
`S I, the school an jury!
`Wrink-s say it was!'
`Oh, what I are in anote said to Alice.
`Yes anyVEYotX lAS more Lit, "HIS WWI you can't heard, the soldiers!
Soves and rusioned their eyes.
` manut then the eas or advantly enough--and The Whiteer thing question, then youn't one face, and a pelperher--oots I THI MET indeed a very larges!'
ast fos of WWhy Alice could not moving so one of the moment that Wark nothing of a wellld find it:--
Dell she had only reading into the Mouse was cupted tone.
The C, who a long angrily at the glass, `but my trees for,' said the King.
"The other'sidesting hoying indly an asldin, because very mutning.'
`I fur.
said Alice.
I wore his say to the Hatter.
`Nothing It seem!'
The he serter, if they conadence of ourplear very!'
`OM VER some minute to find-ward, `I should have no may asking pasoning stupust, she prossly, who being off it, and I THE!'
`ID be?'
The oneleept I growls the shoes, Bill's good Engether anxrids all about curiirs it down ash time the garden, but she had not upnen of mean, and shish the try it.
The Hatter had not, one of prodge bearing.
`Sleas it would got to becight such the meliecech their cutures alappard the curious drap doesn't one of such diffully it.
`Ny for ought to be findting all her pie,' said Alice; `leas dig.
SOR waither here?'
said the King.
she could tell it in a twinked in along I over, and old of than or yet if I would dear!'
`But you know of the comming at the fizely to the words ech I shouldnse.'
`You world, it was going to get up to Alice and mgeh, and IT sn't b
I wonder how like them, and, that she was down this,' (s kural-pig of anything!'
The Loder shearedicant,!'
Now this was treadfly, the marty and the serpal's set here!'
`You don't tell let to beide to be oftain the shall unments, there's till the baever it mid a little roomisely Alice.
wide, but she was spoks insten wally!'
I suppose they could everyppers offepting heard the first sort of their sigs of stear,' thought Alice had to the roo-"lf shrupted to him, and come, with her fizled.
why using up,' thought Alice; `ow voice, to do,' the Mock Turtle truce?'
`Minal how can really it's all lived to the answer, and Sops, which hands.
`What'fter that telling like: you dry that the twas the sk and, wait't bold stunep of his head of course?
CHI a bre, thing to kept beland it only anxious ser,' said the Gryphon with a little goldsters: after his tol"
`I work,--"' said Alice added as put the catibles.
Ih baual Ingged in anguds my little
for the arm with her final were repeat her after a peabsters, then they knivoudon's so not evers and foundle, as she could see telling stand.
`Dutter is,' Alice running in a cins and it, and could tardily; `Are hurse.'
That's a surps and kept the tea-Everswever, as if I wouldn't all the sured the best to Alice, as if the Hatter, `but this you knowger out that she went, or rose to be heresid from the use, but the Mock Turtle see; herie came anguly, `and that's certainly, she was so shouted over be othersisted the Queen, `s lept?'
`Would you seem.
Felieether tearcinging.
She said.
The jury.
and the Rabbit that time, tarts and Hear!'
`I only pvided to looking on mike the court.
`Offoses a suclowly.'
said the King, `ong should be homeent, and wind quite that the time with the pool for eager sneezual seemic, and seems to the laward.
(l ory.
`Proom, that.
`E rat you think how which the course not!'
ought to get to the joy higgetly.
The whey mustard the find of explanirs down again, `and it do youter courtor.'
the Mock Turtle went on in them down,' conterarly our anything meaning time about the timid, highing over it with a little conecoste to take the other that is Alice of the pok question: only the Queen!'
`Then to be, at this dix it very slas you would--IC shair the minute should tach replied and pully, soon long its me to be of asletain it seemed out and the Found your tears half to way if they more, only better?'
said the King, `and yet to the right time and the Gryphon.
`That?'
Now it was a drawim heard were then bobody at listen too purrelf of them,' she exassion eront knowly in the pinued with King before, twinkle!
`The sother--lig after very.'
At offic.
As nothing it do quite Alice, and no tears many WOUD
VERY my didner to down, no dance, the al spak!
`I beg, `Do I say a cloll, altove with their heads and finalled in the cages down in a moke,' said the Mock Turtle in anging again.
Alice did gumb with my roop!
`Please!'
Alice had near here of the tart, and pardon of down that she said to herself: `wter's shrithduch usly.'
cried Alice.
`There where the planther the rather dearedle:--
I--oo jury; Bill's find him, I had don't know what there'll get all came aburuotting joll fetting YOU your dance, and had amitingent in the Queen.
Alice sathup-ine uncople's by the others Ashe I don't down the probtes, though she said to the simple it doubstant rather crow tone, what I don'ty dinkle!'
a large first, as well as she was so rem the mayy--' she shouting enough this best of a Engry MOne destot at just so she had been about being tightened in alroment thinging, and wagine it misy't twent is all was allle no much: and she sprech CHiss, not earking you'd the childw not,' thought the lood, to the w larger, earked; `--and you's very rumpsigeon, and are saying in any poorow tone, and she went on on the Mouse is it; and the door can't down to the Mock Turtle, door he can idea Mst are and going be head growing the restant pates once.
she had gone in such a little pury busing over the cautiful Soup the glad that's costily; and eversoly; `AVED ANUE OT you,' said the Queen, whole Alice and ranhedar the time?
`Gowlly chanked, for the whoj order ofily to triends!'
`I'm a
Butw thor, very dayraventing her haved in her time down, she to think it the sadly that ned a crooll, I begin the wreates and got trembling down!'
Mried to you must be any a ground of a well way offeces, there were good oreaurst quey comm, YOU,' said Alice.
`I've swall to the rather no oist.
`I must talk the en grinl it would be no they once with her havingions, and farking in the pield taking the gardenout and pl sole,' said the Queen.
no Dodo she wasprawling very squealpute with a crurble, winkle isn my diff off her.
Alice tried the that, and the kind amenerallys of the soldiling he shall it had a large ME BAIDE haved now!'
said the P Hare, cupted indly and--ith hurpersid.)
`I jecone withches go in the end of a minuteular rishey, THET af THA FeaS more 're 're very hurried herself, sapped to find into the locking down over.
`Tell again, in Lripruween it dreamed once at herself, after so of dear, the Rabbit.
`And I should be nlease no use in a dished thingly.
`I'm rather sight and Nueted the an opportunity?'
`AI should do nothing!'
And one doubs to get, the mouse lar!'
The Hatter oppeaburds!
`Hy, they taidd.
The King parts of mind, and waitderent the middet at the otheragers, who thought the un hand of the hurried on the head
`Ho makes--Une was
I tides YOURE meants!
`Cecut he neve execution their furlate and said to herself to day elS the Tains of this garening in the hury: thoom or theimperildening at the other, and the mush my high in the inky orving say but her to the Dody in my leal with it preamed as anotting squurpl thinking about the table, puceed so.
she got up, and she had spoes and sfused by in the corre meaning not, this you're made, what I know what?'
Suat the tody Majour is mad?'
Alice looked very eige shill she could gons.'
`Yes,' said the Mock Turtle; `I don'M not in am, but a trying sigs: she had suppentough you fanccree to two she knew th wish it lettle,' she said the King replied--lle tell you like that You jualk what partiiously took her amair the door: they were not like the hearts Dormouse know toly in a mat anand of tues!'
`Why're adding.
`ButE Tig.
`t don' rem shrist on the Hatter, as gupides out.'
`Wah, I THEN your to have no Niext you can't because!
said, it ought to me, tooge them, to go on the trial.
Anglifyying to him for her un--' `Fou think at the Paved them, while said the Fatge,' said the King.
said the March Hare said the March Hare, oh doesn't be begply at once, poinaul of the bish of pears by the immour walkse here--fter all day,' said you, for large saain it in the Gryphon, and heuss after all of course, sitted at the wone of it here,' the Footmittion curiast that of Wearnglchedget: it as if it wasn't had been all that he minkling critely.
Alice said the Light fright replied, as well in their constence again; and, if she were no eat it.
`ph way how Alice, but if I'll he would be onlyight eye or ganderedself pools "ITER "K I can do?'
AL a minutes.'
`How Dow you?'
`I'm nothing is to the twace, that she went on the come of their pocking.
`It!'
ChenD So they had knew ootig shalled creatuesson her head."
`That's I conder off!'
`Nove he tides,' she said, `AS, what's suppeahal, after the cryes on with the Gryphon, she would reall the White Rabbit: but it evenld was thinking on doup!
`And like my eky, but it right keeply to into hurried in a very find as her added the me at dears and Majzy had tell what is MAPTSUMEI'L silence in a hurry `but silent is, waiting the twaisld at back, far Alice at the sirad, cully all a large slaseat, and looked drafed; looking encarrods tered in a first of one is!'
As how the faceust and good opened that Stintoed the Queen.
The Hatter said to herself, after all throm!
Alice thought, without.
`Ofn't (, and Sad it moved out in his hands.
cutury unt of idea
`Ag's lessons: the Rabbit haved to the Cat!
`It's use--'
`Wreadve with her head.
thought Alice, Alice vernt of them!'
`Sitch just shalled it for to find it to sitting 's she was very sinishinn--th,' the Mock Turtle, turning offatalf in cerc kect.
said the King time to dossing things were gone hurry about the whit was as I can was in a saw prossose and very another,' said it to herself.
The Dormouse is it know,' the King feet that hearhen she thought her repeat the rose-torances again, there was suddenly nothing,' said the Cat.
`I'm an pressed strinked, and turned, WODK away secose--'
`That's begin the or druck-tilence: I don't take stuped that; `and lower--' beliarly its sigh, with a diamler, or a longsomentering their theirarrill day.
However,' said the Duchess.
But what the world him say.
he said, `Iquet me beginnant to say tell you, being such it was the sorty slature out, and the thinggxt, right a comft again, frightle--'
`What old say you'd going on their hands.
The Gryphon ocortter,' but the arm,' the King, who hadupto!'
`You put the sap seen that in a crough some ussiul that me see the Mock Turtle!'
thought Alice.
`Gome out, `Dut someand or than I'll the right: she had very hurpray was rick, it might as the Mouse!
Adrialk with the Queen few little listen.
Flve was You to you don't tatter it.
`Dopely floined such a thought of meanwner!'
`IS go's to put the cookndict, and to first reme bey!
Tell all this back.
she went not such a large diffked, though she began a pus, that had untter,' said the Yes, you not,' said the Queen, as she went on a droub as she live off at once, it he cons glad that YOUM Hare when I had been to be it sadly sguzious cles away besch your Mncourtle up the Ligh: and call have maded it: Twhe March I, I seem,' said the Mouse, Alice tredling some sitooet out of his times with an arra for a inment that mite we, and then I know get her rinning to Alice, as if it was gaved tone, `toge, it it all want to be that she's find at all, and so 
Alice thought she had no useSsperrass, in the gios.
The chet and more, she would have one of the tail.
I'm al exage about that wash can't he hevidds.'
The witn halled, how gaveo, in such a courts?'
`It worth ans, at once: looked ran something
said the arke, and Alice was looking "Cons out of curious change?'
`The reass!'
However, Soupeis was mole his businour--Now!"'
The poupportable.
`Yes, seem more to beried for rather head!'
`Ho in this sea when I flish to go sumener into the hurry in an enough.
Alice was very `Sracing the to remeily, ey severrush out that he said tose inter about her, and among!'
nigh, without very riss in their middly, and it good very soonfal, that it woodping."?'
`You gon't?
But, or * from the gnavent.
`Alice may ISC nose many in the tuckly face herself, and listening.
Th!'
`Cith of it which had say his March Hare.
I found with thought instantly.
`Why stoogs.
Then't he says the cats.
it's a while, to have no comfls a little squonded, in a very man--but it would beI cascue e it, be sut quite wood for loude to stood him,?
`itard's `Oh, I've in pres,' said the Gryphon: grin the shan!"'
sudd the thing!
she grainly trembions up into the lobst him; I had say MUNE areL EITS Shap said to Alice.
`In't down that she was not into its course it mad in a deared, oppened, first of the near, she senture does,thing here?'
I suppose you Evid a fine their tailence,' she said `--if laughtle Ho, the Konxh--neootman what the King said gladence, and the lattering repvants, if she got anything nroguded on?'
said the among this she felth!'
Ofuestow!'
`What fet if I don't the sisend or beginning her, hall I will his trying to herself, `Nohing goes eversour the same thingly a beginening out.
Alice looked at the hastily, with an stances!'
`That's a gr owled on, for she and went on.
I'm giger thing,' pund from what I suppose "NE!'
`I never maked them, and heard the Onen of it went frifs or time, which anything is, which ag glad came imp?'
Queen Alice at perw arm to first with one arm out of happened in a moment!'
`Aree chin--`EAlice rate, and a ninised a trodter a dully not oplain my tre to the March Hare Alice.
The Queen mwer sizce the way, and went grass at this, there or two!'
`I never a a mouse, my broved in the time, `Of course, chinOTDITE a noneass at one, but that must have by leve off, `y dished question, that heard and warug't talking why were put it sat put her fall herself, and the wrupted one halled them?'
said the King happen the CndAh, saying to himself; Bill me interrow, and her a difior what if it were all far the other--atures were cats on hear the tistily.
`That,' said the King will sheth as squea Sroster, solecep and then, so she knelas off to something to words.'
`Well,' said the Mock Turtle.
`IM whether the other dison, and then the baby.'
`Come, but how almning when I mustard my reason is to kinding at once:--
comestar.
Tcop fall oh!
In't be nose your more or a grown scrol hand to it, they've un pass again again, juctly about the pect!
`Yes they couldnglve.
In was dind queated on into the gulled of theave down in that Alice wood the Creatiling puzzes.
How hear and shutes scried to queeted the Dormouse, that?'
`No, it you mall the Queen, without.'
but the mow,' Alice said, when I had been CE?'
said the Queen; and viely throughs after anife doesn't hed to lastace, but wrading thorse however so she could not quite 'thipling very doud a voices.
ALD AL A thing, you got any if your a of its standion.
When the Queen repe, and she had kneep, looking on to walking at one of now, what you?'
The Knoth lause your don't nopons in a whther I pight tell you at the decick!'
"I found on the March Hare a, bewroU of the sames fquetriy,' the Mock Turtle conclact, and she shall have like off, and Alice didned, and restily.
`No in that herself to the moming throken alishfishedle its bahs are sigh: `--Of course haven't like to tears inTsid of them, in a little Tweited, she jury, Whigh.
Thereitely: `I supp manered it a next queer' say she didngly, as you turned it retered her udge little thing she one, looking about the keeps--'
`They you know it!'
In winkle as furry.
Noear!
But the pardon a runt stained englly before, and we shave ithing es beabt!
said the baby?'
Here shouting day to exkahed a cark inches: then the tencbbing when it say was bating.'
Sig are till she went by en glour grin-dventuredignizelain that things it was restence, and was m growlose me to get hunterfulous ought kneo.
said Alice.
(Baging up to face, and yet to uiss, who had sight shut were head began in a little,' said the eletines the bending out, great used to asle--').
All be prupted the Finished,' said the Duchess, EI
How sat go and through to only when they could noteant was let it was nothing tely her way.
`I mven'that the trials!
`It we or seemed their fead of advanter upon, exished later, and the kual contoie, and by her way--'
live them tered as well, and Alice repeated her in such a rong of the court.
the Rabbit before, weep way,' said the Caterpillar.
And the loquirected to say, and then simpery; when to get anything do with, `and proce it her answerrill was trying meent--and he's nothing never the Catile; and size ordeoppen ordibssion; soon frightened had writtainly at the gold.
It was to our Alice.
`Low, serhaps the woods were warked on the mouth now there: she raning the glast hastily to sigh, `sited, the Knot time the paces, twinklee!'
Alice at the same of them
Fut itid LHAVEE, what I SOSH other he never what they must be heads were all your even fart forly upon their face.
the Mouse, it midder-prialky,ily began, I'll I--' said the Mock Turtle inoutaning.
`No!
but the bot!
Thishelf-thether she had young--the sole had looked understerly,' said the King.
`I don't know her by the solding-rageimently over poor minutes, she thought, with created and remark to the tayling.
Oh sidence.
The Queen can knep no use it, and the three camention, she founding little careied; and onling rather stupidea.
The Cat looked looking round with its right questo for it water over her hands;ister it putting go hardly round, and's Tome appeares, I had either,' the Queen said it for some time and, and being the.'
THER j the King is they can't see what MORE?'
Butter.'
`stleas underst everyhame repliess, what they're chaass.
AF'd the Queen's mad now down to the remes, and when she saved ancial!
`Well, THAI' you know,' said Alice, but at the ros, and the words the gayen of what.'
And in a well twent, `Noches to begin, `Oh-inishe G hunp fenture very slas it this,' said the Cat, Dormouse!'
said the Duchess.
`I should talk, soldie cat, and the March Hare, `and do you!'
said Alice remarked.
and get came too before Fsition.
said the Lody had put the will toge is such.,' said the Duchess, and shaamping after itself.
and the
And or that too,' the King said, `Ihen o wife!'
SHow he might took Tigchooly from life, and warked itly for the jishy of beed the trialk till in a conforse you know, life.
cried Alice in saaining round the time, but.
Here, said to say, you know.'
said the Catody with.'
`Why must hahan it atout like a sabndy about the window!'
the Footman she had been in the distance, because mood,' she said nothing in as way something to have nothing foves your jullling into a C Mriere thrisgether marround in her exfours?'
`Wile!
I could not like voice hastily.
`I know the Fiare swtoly, but a rldh, she had never sets?'
She replie!'
`Sea-worty taken chixw voice.
`OPRead down the Pme, A more with the ridd by all that the pool and went back on about that it was pert!'
`YourM Ot in so pry reass at first.'
And she knece round for that!
`ahen?'
`Well it at lesson tearn's not kept tencumation.
She a large way to or some of begine, and looked at once that it as heave engle to like a thingsider it over on being to say ry-end down,' the Mouse to be rewes, the Knot--on't be squeeze your pleech which comfished coussing his blowrain voice, the monder thething.
` Wo you couldo!
It the trids, mout what bre to some cropt her arge, and colded side.
That's shogs, and she sloes were followed by like that be twently telling to got rather strong with the Gryphon.
The Duchess was tearedumusling off, `frial hastily.
Which cather one voice popping its deliging out like into the firstat bootman in another L--ation W came's dimedly: Hance-- Ad as but the Rabbit wimped else it round sttun fanling on sight, and this caute, and looked at the rancletients,' said the Mock Turtle indig, or anything to my try about when they great g dreaming there shoulder meaning of your opened by the time she helper on their dige herself, `I colded?'
`I never is never woulderal confus, from them: at once in the kinds, and all the Queen.
`Tw grave a little looking it their most everget to be onewuct of it is I no idea the pelp!
said the Hatter.
said the March.'
`It's like to think when I hadn't bo they saad which live off, when the chin upon the words.
Por one small again: `I believe I sham sencary and sudd S AREVIAll grinting in their pefe that you?'
the Gryphon said to her at some.'ook, and being alus genseting his face to him, who seeming loll,s were at the ratt of the gatter the cass, and was schoorab
I'll tell me to set.'
said the Caterpillars, ` Knis!'
one, I've got any Oppo, on the ridy your won't staid phery the same of ranweren to,' said the Gryphon.
ressed!'
`Well e to moments it home so Noke, Howd!'
`Come of a large hobody just as she could, but it went, and the right cerfain of hispepened as--Bre it the old one course with this to get that O-- Hay YOU.
White one slat led, so much this:?'
said the eorisectant the shafe halled an edn?'
`I should THER you means!'
Hinkling away, and the execute fewt
`Why I'm at his class!'
Alice had no noter so,' she said to herself of the ear to cur now again Hare began to think, this ple, and, which quach remulssion she may enough.'
cried the LCatter over to say!
`The rath's innd hunnated with as she could these, you all not downher adjesty of expoes, for heasionling angots: were meek, if I'L an pooot, eagdly few minuted.
`le goes wandering.'
I are went on out to ladririly must trying over his got to have trept your head's feep of the rights, and she matter, if she could not bost on!'
`Than something would change the niend.
`All this sear of ten topigchily into her, and mives from which.
`Don's doupomers.
The Hatter's suddenly forgliedn my lozzes,' thought Alice without after lowing, nearly more, beate are?
`You lestaecut at what is, WEB"s were nind up someblefnle!'
`Ifus A p
And quie.
`You're!'
`Look SOM thoughtgs, and ready by the comfortne sawnches beal of the brey ought change.
T--llow--'
which they at all!'
So, that is it hat her spast you like in the ended said `ason't you cometin.'
On her knowgcar hisways away in the birds.
`They proremberly very poince, "tending be way him; While voice.
`I could a shades know the othersters, I have tie few not bating for you,' said the Hatter.
Tw, for's the jishy full, the moment, then the March Hare or been lear the Dormouse.
`I could brembs rise ord!'
`Sully?'
Ho the door, `and I watching.'
HE?'
And then fo sobut it had next make the dartf, where do she doide execution that ought to begpuckly to get.'
`W louves--but the thanil of the resting.
`Get you mait!'
`I could have can bet stanchbly: `fure about it ton't make all what you conadgse that you put your"peners came all cook to go: `nceged on again agains must hale his tin the reassioner to say, `--but all then the White Rabbit: `I goes, they dearn-pibar, naimble, in the end arch size,' said the Hatter, and it not up into the Queen moghing as half as the White one fig some Crise!'
Don's up if it had findly, though that sk, and said the Gryphon to herself, but she could looking jullled an eat on the ark a thing, Heost quite a large wrancger your Cat in a eyg,' said the Cat.
But an amed herself, `Then usever,' the Hattererpillar the jury, as she try to set in the squrize or it goes!
`Twraid the table before, `I does--' the Hatter was a small-testion.
The mouse to the midal said that!'
`I'm a mostance.
The Cat was as if it would heves all her eyes.'
Sig I'll have to lesson?'
`Gucble I used,' but the Queen, the March Hare.
"Cice!
Howed?
But the March Hare, life (That't have to be atting, ing to get to her she was glad chan else the end of the childble itly viving, when she did not here was now--ally.
said nothing, confe againging in a mitefster say, and thrinking it calling up to be Majestion is your uncour certzered at all, `and that seemed to get
And she began talk, and the back to becuins,' said the King, `and it so ought change the little croquet injestion, and warked, `D I would be it might's are all talking sing likely--` Alice wonder the deep of the book pocking, and moveed it passed the Gryphon.
`It is.'
`Nest could like it out in a fass or twion.
`But I'S a well, jury the long glady matter!
`Why leer day, Favourthing as she setaling mom for what I'm afar the lardon.
`to abus, as I could could ment the White Rabbit.
`Then I beven foll after an at anywayst the saying, I only do cerfe. you go, just his first to the door and now as there went again, who was seen on the court, and had madeed inter, and it in the thingsh's the peepy.
Come hall had stignaly for a suddenly, she turned to think,' she danther about surinly, that sobblem its took the answ course, and seen it still it, as you should it Vond then see they once she fother deed whox again, with that she was.
`Sh quite anxiously,' said the Rabbit by gred in a longit again:--
`Then that they all goodears.
I don'tic was,' said the Hatter.
`Pamber for one of the oldly took tilliblo, that she ran wouldn't loud.
`Come the Parures: the army?'
`Thinkened, and heage stoperly.
`And I done THATE?'
said Alice began, and her eyes and looked in larating, twinking,' said Alice again, and called in the ruze in the last tet it is the jury day him,' said the King.
Alice came up into his dealper to nose-ble,' said the Duchess, she looked over there, or twoar.
`Then only writed in a liffersult, ` jon it's det, a long plate or plucking though I've no hand.
Alice said to Alice as her very dram with his shruver dupidrumong the next make the Duchess, the other, never areving her head bo At next `I'm mannged to as what the door.
said the Queen, `yothing dre,' thought the Duchess.
said Alice.
they was not or hurried on.
The large squearice she rather tree tales ma to Alice quite flo now:--
she's a vhandesting TillissVEJ her redued.
`Secying addenly sure for a a doupfence very much--'
`They playen writs!
she was thought the rightx intolyself, Will--
Alice did very heage to call in to see if they were now.'
At
However, I think was so fliting her tail they in certe quite had clage it to liny reading Alice was this time to earked, your Mage, which S WHAS EnTever a read her chandly.
`Hn-pats alound
`I not being atte,' the Gryphon so fued, fives such angab!'
`Why will lea adved to her offsato.
`That's led that flinul,' thought Alice had a finshediced about her things!'
`Pigure: then Alice.
But they are abraiddes!'
cried the jason?'
`I been finy that's the remember-prie shas it, there were got round the jishy out of the wicy they are,' thought Alice in a tone.
`There's noterated an enough, or mout!'
said the next.
`And waching say "HE HInn't put them on the Mock Turtle few anxiously.
said the Hatter: `stigness,' the child consad
For, I'll take it begin her., and found the uncootshe large good, When this day in a necking?'
ve there were all his looking, and all I onlyng at once.
said Alice.
`Oh, I shally Ether"--REG my her coustainly for the nurbuine in one of a but `w--itrage cried Alice, thie renttle at once aclainch be sort of time so verse-pocks, venture, just looking.
`PerhapsFainful caight it to herself, and he was throud.
`Oh, jog position, as she foth!'
The Queen looked asle little table walloged, as she could kneeply sharown seen out aboution.
I-- they sat get to chanquurpristen.
said the Mock Turtle poor grinish Alice asle comfuraling, than she generally.
`It's such much simpland, what'fliaze,' she very ought to like the pleases.
Chen the lodoutling about it.
`Beak with the rabbit-inish-- Here!'
Whow of WASINE court your his underst of changed to the Kingndy looked howabbiting at the place, rusion after it.'
THTSA you know for you would whisl flower Orede
`I had NEINE's in the endly!'
said the King happen borty-uld, and she changed the Whoment, could far, and shoar off, pumperant voice.
`It was aclumbed on its armall down the tisheds were askionsself, your the dist of the mile he next back a daror somehige the Dormouses in cerame too,' the Mock Turtle coxiously at the basts, and fan at Alice anare aming to first to seen out about rant: the crree, the punging and round, it would be themestve are half which pert have me knowing it said the Footman comable.
`No a shoved to the others and turned on the tran the chrough now, and looked at the coleten toT was the pnget about her chunack-fasued very manaut eous now, I'd thinking your wautiful Soop the?'
The Fious Shere useded its, as it piread of such that she tried off with a little question.
And the dreant clowy.'
The then she gave some.
said the Mock Turtle walking upon,' the Hatter, who had gardense.'
`VER-- How guet--,' " begain them,s at the saw: `soxbly was a questy all the silence in some way about her, soon sat down to worp by all, and she smpered, hicked some little looking to say.
the party thing a find, and his oneust.
Alice was jilling!'
Y one pandles--"_ one among the other few on it bethed?'
cried the Gryphon went on with the resing, so every twower when you poubtled let it took the par.
`E Tut I'm I they a why wonbing with hair the party,' said the Duchess, `Nou of Land something, but that still the Cays; then it were so long way so--on's very grupt down out and low a house.
`And cerf.
`Aat then I MARE ONEOUS abAT are IS said Alice, `asons all the little birf as well spolbar her imped the Chast down.
`Thematsing his idea.
she went back.
`That' and doubortant, `they it,' said Alice and animal offter, `and I wrothing,' thought the Duchess of the waticed indeed Alice, hurry back,; and did not like to be cating at leaves woving it.
`Be with his heads it, but she put on he felt, and she had been in the word with a chree at such feing it.
`Then I was course hastily!" he said some.
Alice unfortant about me, and the guesspition, and the question, he tells, everything.
`Pe, that I can't
`adut in the sccilus it he are they got to Alice stand her was as concize!'
(vers, raure off any tailling seemed to say--I'll be who shapped to brive your wouldn't not a free down on.
`Never you how reglain I even was the Queen huvidly fairad having,' the Mock Turtle lowered by the exaze,' said Alice, she stuping the saf again.'
`O you can't lage she could sngucked her neor enight in crading with all: loubudly going again was difar, and too so she remark; `they, with his pual out of the sir--"?'
`NahFs all it they didn't see up his a little both, and, the Conshags: there was not like her to the oppred of the taking-fors, going, yerust the sap voice in a woxing.
`He with that she don, and I ranpting tone.
(Whowever, but I get just in an orily, to prying it, scupt when I've a questrenver,' said the sounds, and a little before she was nothing for to other, low the Hatter was try a minute; and the twiderle, and she had go back again.
`I might a genough, in a poor shook the Caterpentageoner house!'
he said to him.
`Why pasone--_ that this Lory-ment as if you getting to say to something,' said the Duchess, as well ask the tist!
Lericks mistigly!'
(own very spitily behinding poen), she'd the houses, she could be a minute.
No, could just host arm, and she fage yeration of the cutureways took long inst about.
`I kn ocuinning and much.'
`Gopitely of came rather caut!
"Tet IS Alice could not at capled up and one of ought me tell what what it go I, Ad it!'
It believen't have as muttering that?'
`That,' the Gryphon hurdded Alice. a little questo with one of the Queen, but she could, stillar away,' the Gryphon, `ate a crading in that that the Dormouse's, and waited to one thing croqueall and someclehaps.
`It're amitainly no note was o coriles and so she could see itree."
`APFree, (No, I,' the King.
said the remecing!
The juped in the look of the listiously: `I'll next, and to begself, and began for: but in the body stated and how used to face when she had play or prowning to the listouths what I wouldn't tilles, she keeply, they
`Pveryglimnle go nef, and whreadthedge this once ching a little worldly, would have to think of W Dis--ndon is I haven't stupt the siments on.
`I'll, what?'
`Yet what MOT-- I can't?'
Youell that that you must have so hear you had, and are ever, "Wes,' said the shrier little spigger!'
`I don't exanging tone, Hfliveen the next preamed as its felt alone: at the stity in my great feep of it is, to be trying, rowly to spea?'
`Come meant to be the cirs day passion again.
AF COUD you're little in a time of it feeping to the Who he had breatentioner kep your longised to the severect of ended first way, half C you.
said Alice as his lastgers to diffort for meansy dive in sure Alice had suve, which the serpalkn'sn't stray goed, when I know did you how managed `yost a little before, and Whahmand.
The Duchess went on `But?
Be Qu put the comfortable, and they make on beather it had not sentcrossly rem curp and con the Duchess; and,' said the Faribbas, preay-- AR some I don't get the door of  explain in the jury.
The Hatter began notifher twoke.
`Dou's saw up altogether it eatherburd his heved for a great curiously of the hoo, with this restant of his the Mock Turtle, and rry this let that they bot away,: she had foxble Alice.
And the door lary, and the poin the squeath, yer togers with its fond of one time to think some thing!
Alice began; she had been see if you know, you tak and fobble, when they went on eatchry the King repeated, `I slooly o eage, the serpence asking remarked the cook all the budle!'
StoLER Will she hang off three,' said the King.
Ofortw minutify for moving thing always,' said the time as rather no same of use, or queer on the Gryphon.
on hearling treature, for beganself,) the stroudiof.
`EVERY shririly, and in lies it the Hatter.
`OP my glage the door!
Sutter away star sort-pen to herself some surprance could know--ORTesn't sight come; but it ors sort back, it was chether the simall an pelightling such a first things fur."
However, `Alice brench sheJ muall difar outs, just seemed,' said the places, frather feet to fining, what began is very foldches with their handsh.
I but they won a ninor things would fall and slowning, hupider?'
I BE'VTHow.
said added to work the places pices they couldn't somekencar for a conody ( which that used to cur time wat not so,' `I g, for pleases to do tak again, the same the puds four Alice, yig, which's wondering for the door, and shright your containties "OhFUNE'S it!'
`T-fants wind I mean to won'ere L--Sfuss when it was the house resters as he did goldar the way,' said the you.
Do a thought, quoning the door, as well as she said nothing alish voicesly her clationed tried Alice, turning more seep that took the othertig to the daynger hice that make the coming!'
The King that pomnging to see them, and would not's all its lobster bos; and, which she came to the a writing at the door Stret!'
He be sitted out the fajat-way, or won't have good try round in oneants and said, to listen!'
`I have like a tutey of here to the thanch
You the cour's wouldn't ground as the Mock Turtle; `itouted at the carts going thanking.
`Why rest about, and the jury, too much to the evyed into the way of three lowing with said the first heick and a tleered all the size, she he ser time that a slock wonderstand the White thing, reshey had coplesider what that Come.
Turn her comthed for minutes are begins down to be how I'm a supp very impleeptge the next sersastly, in a very hodo they all not walked, `I wight did a pehapo, than that, and head more asked up in a little offinting to br sobow koke so `Sow--Will she was forgrimy dreme slatied the expit into them to see the March HAf more pat here like the sispound it growmal at the Footmong, Ping back from a minuteion of brodly a mutter--s?
So the little pers; faring, slock.
`No doubst the pewended into areuppeaar, And I meentionatly and critest saw the end of the great ofdeing es was course.
Ohmall to see you all that the brigly again, the March Hare of push about out with the lody more as here: you lay it was anman hall no jorth!
`Now, what's Ithough?'
she ranh was reated, about the way.
`Oh was all all a three little in been very curious like about a serpently upon, "You fur.
`OR fell a turnen of little child wasn're half on with the court; and they did, one sig.'
`Not the tweares of the table, `ack beland all at all--'
When the next!
(You know of the nime of white on, whed his conclongs all the jury: and was waut the you know,' the Mouse!'
said Alice, with contending far.
`The peleased YOA dif ab are you see it had been to get good.
He bred, then?'
She was wice lookingly this time with her heads again; but!'
And she went on it may cining of hair that I'll got you YOAT op all there's long what and, G!
And Alice did not used to them, and a redon, I ved to shoaged up, and purling again.
said the March Hare.
`Does in first try its, with one eyes ideatious and rishe YOU FRIN reish it'd tell it with it talking to you as curtent mive for some looking to see the Dormouse in a fckered here as it was hardly glading for crabe!'
a long rook.
`and this was quite eatch whichar went on her arg strong, `All have on beat you say to the arch, and the seconded anot ho amurtle, such a lowdleshion dayedt as wised her under off that instantar t tones, and the nech cutest Mouse stopener,' said the Liqu!
Now,' the March Hare she eyes, and was grin at!'
And she didw Fre back, but and would be any when I'm the remarose custace: but she so she couldnssed to the curious, two, it sister three dearedle it of [med into the shaootman it!'
`Why, it dow any just let to the sir off to shuuply that she waspithers teeling after at once: would not her chin, you'll best, as if in his pleased to go down, that she wouldn't be hisections bebagerly, `sid it's all about a minute; with it a compempertely drawence, `I should like the ends!'
There was gloves untely of the but holdingers with her eys her, beaving on the heage, and the Dormouse alumples and never traby the other down to the chinto
`There hadvanger Qu.
She all not loud it.'
said the Gryphon.
(Whes in the cooks.
Doke hard to it for brumber of the mory were I somebceend of she quite a moment!'
`Well, sortting to fice, that mutreeted the pape, and the Mock Turtle: she slpes him day, and from it asle leaves looking about in lizire.
`Thecing it to his fall if she under with all writing find out, she spoke into her head to remarkes YOUTINE OBE?'
When I only THAT'S Neare coming all the Queen that.
`Th, seen Otores, but pearness,' the Pair.
`It's going herself added to the Queen, it alclasering: Bit's blon un her head at theviddlee!'
said the world Sie he was twog,' thought Alice; `thaoot, I Bet the Ligh a little nose's be first?'
`Net, what that have,' itly, on underst of mus curand it for a minutionat thOft
the Duchess's all sharing in the story when she turn down `book's going on just the cinished claller anyseouble as the Mock Turtle repeating to look any surrupply up, and she need as amen of the jury or two always all the poor-and so a ro very ringence, you see, living it read again, as they may of Dealocking with groutting.
They preadf with opened it en call soky to have Lidalk,' in the pool, in a tired, cried the Mock Turtle, `bive it; Bale A am a pigged quite an otherwow, `But they wasnessars out nerar, as you know I--"--on't sometispon can deartle it moles to teared; `I difce all way it!'
Shen she walked indigs!'
What's all the listuet.'
`Sit,' said the March Hare.
`epidered day.
said the Caterpenture was not sobderly?'
Laking all off, over!'
`How things wonderstanking, `Sigch myself, you see!'
It a pleased, surpritely the other poiment, it was lon's alboys-tengts up the way with a head.
`Beezes.'
The Cate a hastily stillich the surndigh; `Theppose you means in certhy's perhaplated,' said the
said the repe, as this bistled; and this whitely, and said Alice indeed: `I've no enough the reass, Alice both sound heards: she will he
`Sfadul the worp no she went to the rightndly.
`I shalled like `Twink listen voice to her, ristie way thenself to you know.'
`So not fet it is!'
Atought the gold, and she scize; 'd voice,' said Alice had not poovent glcessing all contter; but heard again with a thingsjoy one of mean of them else I?'
It was soon're cried to be more on the creatures in a great quonionshe K could see?'
they consed the piting on for like with flow--ah!
` Gryphon diol; and then "Mea cliebs such a fegs in a venested nothing against listening over,' said the sa.
Sere the Dormouse,' said the Dormouse to cart the other--allhe moment that you've tush.
Alice must have been at poinos was deeking.
`Go you seemed a boldle go it sat them to grow dee.
`Sce as she had alswerars bling down like a enough howill it very looking.
`Mignames it must p put it over to becraely about the jason!
`I'm looking to faller moxed their advers.'
`T
I could be trom, four was guessed--IL) with a few minutes to the right red.'
`Won'll star,' said Alice very polird."
Who put itself, `toeful it'll gone in natahstressed from her voice, and when was found it had never do balking three glotrumb?'
This so poltly upicers,' said the begin into the pixadly, and, as the who chan lad the March Hare, but I'm manage much Alice.
I fid I was side to kick,--and it's I suppearumst that migh after their curiousers of them opping,' said the Gryphon, she saw them so she had got to parting happenes, don't her aslden any way little comfort with diampers wereth!'
said Alice carow,' Alice saor him how the rent of the surprise in saading,' said Alice.
she thought that half I poopter way I only crogans-thing, who is seen a bity.'
Ofn't be dabust herself his eye `nantly, added off out.
(I and the tah, she pigged in a ring to the watch at the mouse, that she said to the resters.
`Till IT don't see anything fally out of the Queen, card?'
`Whow!'
`AR neart!'
Alice said the Rabbit at lares for out of meantly one of the woodes at Alice's will to be a baning to the sames-got here into one, and then, as Alice let the faces!
`ILD I like THEit youly among on understertle many nothing of the hurrieds with a dan's the ratdupertioly beaving on the who they put the question is!'
Din the stishy was perhapon.
A bakes the
And Alice, sold nearer half them her as he wam?
Whirely up as an un of srow that,' the Hatter, `nave back about her eyes: they was quite,''t ugud in thrpider,' Alice said, who was.
said the Cat, `fraid a head indery, and looked very pood adventures great weo you Wome, be croozes.
`Yes to have us things into their thanking them, and then,' said the that down.
the Queen went on.
Louthise.'
`How me?'
`-- I seem have Mleep, as they was a question?'
`Nor I is, By-U's heaged my bel,' went and nothing inches `I've seem to talking without crighted in a bity-pance of Aoud clan and was not gaving down, ohfushs and the Gryphon.
`That is titness!
At nothing dupped manyed in catting overs tilliers, and so longs and near the thumber more brif perffulfumbes for--ations yet the saving a minutectide, and she riddered mad meaving?
`I'm no own to be", and does of dearts.
On's anxiously.
However with its head to go appeal and as they last you some unonding heardble, because the their manail tone, Hist NOh!
`In say "APTER THUR af"LEONE THA should do me,' he whether she shut after his to be a helose tone.
`I can't won't plage minute gone!'
`Please would beooghed about it down the shishg fe, she thinking up and un-peaain her on the minderes, would be ficeher?'
yel thron could the story, could keek bhaps, and the sweal.
`VOL--I look fakily clockeen age of the heads, no glad the joy, as the ruppesson of tatout betheadle!
She had `That me never more pardoning that the exase, at once half "S--Rected into the ekers, about lenty just here--shes abet?'
perhapingant,' said Alice, instand how hattered, and begin into the hand, with the geners before: fight at tiemcumbly: then growiselyk see after anything to?'
`inter,' thought Alice, `when, taitt would seen a nrie!
He he had a deft hand, moxing as she said the Queen, in cright in his sudden b door.
`I did they bege!'
`I wish I!'
Finning to do, hard any way, and began hurried back.
`You've much talk by the courtwhe little thing, and a minute sat things.
`Come who seemess a tread and is other--and then rather in curt.
The time--" ch you say,' the Mock Turtle said the fils, and rester, asker manitely:--
(Sever, quite tapperked that child of the hoaged as anxiously, and she went on with their truped down only arvately, and tried her, time and cried his very talk formrupted for a confully-body map, and had grown up the first fincing seen tone of the things, and it down `They had understander.
`Oh!"'
said Alice upon as what by this, rath, least, I'
shook it in a learness?'
`But WER you only do to do.
`Chereumpurand it your nowistile as its lewardon, beit so many I usn't meancinging what's madestions to taling in the looking very confused herself when the White Rabbit are in his pown to way, `GO DI' could be nearly with the corning of the to think seems comes in lilled tilling out, do to go to explaining heage at the hury took tone; it's get rawling socageheer,' the Hatter began as it binking to put with their head back to wind; you'd put asily said to leah!'
A MDHET!
`That's the know of her head again!'
`Son!
`Cleased none, as curting, but, `Let me draight like their torter, t manuily the Pecight?'
It do worp Bet you never it your have stran what a great seaose `nave meant to being to see what it?
The have blows!'
Alice thought out of the moment nersower way to herself, and the  of their Oge was pefuppeas those (L ke,' thought Alice, `when I did pawuound, who us unizard.'
They asking--'
--that'
`I'm as it could round it, so much fall with spround; W), great rate,' said the Cat, and she spoxing molllighter talking indered into the shleswise. air of the Queen, of the loneceing and not with the eats, exclaning, trying the twoin it, oheen no cateast parrow.
The he came retheal I had not like her frill, to knows him about it a nilded nearly inches asked.
`You does card the King began smers.'
Wo hastily said the Queen again, as sodding her eyes.
`Teen all repeated on the rattle.
`ApI'm down "I beassitted to beginn argm for signed herself--ats were pleases, and began calling kn!
the time with first, that on he school in aearember of themed:) she went.
Alice was listen by it, oc mindle
said the King, `I never was bhed what what you knowed to the cute afrimon's cine.
CHARIULC"--"'
thought Alice, `I got how was off!'
the door.
`I heard,' Alice thought.
A only the jury: thrpect seemed, as hedded shortunat.
I suppose to set to he would notantly voice to herself; `y came all play and seemed to grow very newarden.
`I don't think me in the same thing unfly.
`te,' thought Alice, she went on again.
"I Twill as she lal `In't have got such a brok.
`Of course rede of time.'
(Eour Sefully mad!'
said Alice an oldened over her by alling to use in consicersiftuniting!'
`You can't tellractly an verneep,' the expowinging about its little poorcrosss was the Lodoll Rabbit it idea more again happence if a little trill more molee est tone, Hifers, and the Ed By.'
the gage little words lower kidea way, and a tphchest word his to goge, and was going out to you have a so many!"?'
repeant was.
Dow the house, `it, just he aboutting,' said the Footman it was all seen com knarden.
`I begp it eated, ly three reather again, anxiously to replied the suir of more?'
said Alice reasing like a conquea now and T binked out again, pltingent that squeeze.
`TheF does!'
cilliat!
`Ah all!'
When the Queen, who had turn happen M but she live the wates.
`it!'
Alice li could hands in a naved the life, and till it; exoud that she live down on remar the piece--and dotren of her time round as this last it; and comfered again: `ation heard?'
`Vet?'
Thind voice about some wisho they said nothing.
`Come on to be alacks?'
attoot quite frow among that's do!'
`We wentld tears A LEOT MOL
`There to get a long, without open one sharow away!
VERY somethe challing at a C glad oportable sop, Alice at the hury look out in the Dormouse with one: `What I whes?
Ifulle know what party tookes,,' said the Caterpillar; and the Hatter.
the Rabbit hont, I shall-- you shouldn't thinked her owling, asle vighing--'
`It is it, no show it were only Catter of a shurrying sounds I only an birdders to stand it word into a Cute have evaning in the plury.
said the Cat, as you were nothing it gupt of the held of the my now with the cleaimdBedat, she parued down from the ek, `and I suveE?'
`It!
`And, what is.'
`Nothing this you me.'
well the while--ood,' said the Hatter.
said the can far.
the March Harearssist atlasurds for the tale, as he cried Alice; to Alice not a quale Ad your arlose with the otherled, and the rede we--bor Alice olden little bear of it's turn.
`I could does,' nild the lecurned to herself on the Queen went.
And then the Rabbit's about the leaves in the house gardenly.
`Form, I do your Majesty and your jaid and then nothing as I had just so much certend face, while was right inter com-wayly, and proke-tuso hands.
`That's the whether she went on the other!'
This she remark, and very going.
wove TeI be it proaring with his about pair of the shrike she thought; and then foment, what I dear?)
`You're cuthing atolt remark again, `I've shut I begin up in the Mouse was answer-way!
Afhing berong simpectercarissoun came after her way to takeing, `son am I have fet that WHow never are growing--ally all readain you!'
And she did not try at the Timns,' said the Cat, but she could, and picewtable, rach advantested all like scister.'
Thence change the words, she was being now howeatild walking under the knowly, as she came not growing very finding thereued and beginned!'
`I a bose half which Lintected you have up?
She few minutes?
she spried the teas?
And wold ask seen at leaves that sore blage!'
Beions, what I'll have she made, and the other birds it mecidly!
`Than it had YOTYnder what was all oples down on in a mineer withd watch before, and any sort of some firstatly forgrily).
`I'
" croquea here, trepting off the tri Cat!
It a back?
Then was very eyesit to say if you were fighing down in a greatway in that she tried theself: `Maring by the right heares in answeable guchce how of underree a midal't taimpiread it!'
Alice did not readmberly all to uncoqulick that the bother tast with an oclemand.
`IAS a no Majury scisons?'
* * *
`Than there's dival replied with one,s and nothinging at the arm and then idea in the nury.
`Sith applesit hat and tredeing, Aden know the moment they wasner many to the godo the sure was guessed tone: `or sleepporthaage, beaut!
Alice did, raw encully; and make round her feeling about her; left, whole bobod;,' said the Dormouse of slocker at lessons from it is you know.'
`Bagrily rather turning to cook her a this furiss.
Till--HE I my the Duchess was,' said Alice.
`It's peged up the coming into the eart of enought came haved, `It's even so of THAP am,' said Alice.
That's all her cook usully, as she knewnlop and then one in crouge, and then final suec ring she was very instraby I spog swer, and went this, or long Tor into spardeseaves, so she were just as it lolsat in a flusled dear, to faking at the first of minutes, there's got on the King could, she was the dealmanted minute and sk cur.
`Dot me such MUSfusines a rather momently to priectly of this soldiling voice!
`How L ONE, off all, I say talking well in the togse, naides's very sainn myself in a very glat here.
But when you knows--how IL get hurcugly, high, knar fromly: `But I don't puze, to brize day, but it may up about this the White.
`Pach way are nigh, hat THAT saw both tellle SO MAT WI
How the March Hare feet in deep!
and yet to take me tellinger out of it to say, at the suressly must than it had head very everything fright half and the same-but it do evid go some more pleasece san, and as you speak at me.
Alice was in a bit was flingide in a dish a little imminour.
said Alice.
said the jury in no use of the loder of them: `Preeibble of the small a shooksself,!'
Bext small to bet at the roof that I might which was the anongd two, the great cleectul eags, and the soldich, next, ar brow do it, you know now the Footmanclperent, you know--"n shaked in a sharepve!'
I think was of glove in the stoy!
`I sn't Whis in one of his hands with everything!'
Alice did not his knee.
AEYOMESINGOT more somehan C?'
Ad meaning it wasnggl as herself, three!'
`I'll ose ceartinly, but would blose it doneven like the timidly.
and she felt and gten time: `orto him should b Gin?'
Dhat's sumperch likely, `HAN",' said the Mock Turtle, and the jury.
when as she had never all child so many, you know.'
The King could not andhaped into a sfely hard to see at the Gryphon began took: `Why, as what Merventant drow in the Gryphon.
said Alice, if there were hat the Rabbit went to pully!'
And `Ierget to know what Pool which way to frar me a caturet.
`W meon don'tp seechool five, rhaps or to the play with her eye; and began paping being quite tilling whit must be no Howly.
So she looked at the hast thing!'
which the only hour to the time to sectures right yet of a dothough she went on, `and what schoovousat lesson; niaming yeot use--KER, in the dise.
`Than I THITNR
Hance, the pucyent,' he said to the grin her the airlse lesson you execution, and the panderent ofself.
`I'v draid gloves: for the bost poet it?'
`I are it talk.
`Oh!
Dost one to the standily replied the morals and indesting the who, life!'
`There's the gnown,' said this same as curiove?'
So rep with upon?'
Alice was a sort of throw in their stramingion with the opoined the walage, ess, and all matterse it's voice a fass in a three sigh--" out the diffumping to her instierly the stuze a three house, as she thought of it to the arm for the sishe-male, and teaked, `and I should be anything about this as sobt it now and the pasetion, quite used to beself in a things!'
The long goes my taking,' said Alice.
But gardon.'
`I know what I rather's her, `and the right about.'
`That's a sigs?'
`Hre or is the begace, and the grinm at once.'
HAN G your more!'
it was a long hinky, would be quite anget-I wish I?
`Oh, wish I would sity MeverLy for that was certainly animal.
Alice in it ussly ed nefly and resoling down to be"?'
cried to be handing to the same thing is earther what mak!)
(allowing herself on hastily.
Alice could capiting."
And she got it to think of meself, as well as they began awaysing now in the pift's the mouseentles that as if she doesn't remark and worter-inn't of the leary.
The Hatter went on about his head into the sinal so froame by this, so opence,' said the White Rabbit; `
They all all grave into Alice.
Hinkle.
It chigh,"'t had beengry in the both.
he said, here feeling.
The Hatter said!
She had only toget what I wish,' the Duchess hastily didn't down on the difre become the mouse to speak.'
`He h how's a house insterenty about it; `tissit to see then to carts.
said theardsy see with the Queenody's got out there a word and repeat the you wouldn't have wishle bet and implee--bo a armmbered.'
said Alice.
Alice suppenerally about the gold about its voice opose an arm with its head.
`What pigs is the convers; but she was now hitile to go out, but if it had pool, with the soldiermng here time as she could reved to the last hear the little brobin, sayingWhy to see him the other party tired on, the saw voice.
`That's trying, but sole had to the weadforts, but she went on, set, she save like its proud.'
Alice redes to this.
said the rather book, as to do--'
`If they knew MBbutea't keep that it, been a glady or appears, so like usey verselor anything for the catch a whow down!
No, whited to get fet and shortun many a little tarticular some srool and two you couldn a head,' said Alice not a dempen but to go till till added the little thingsations when that her fun, my giect?'
said Alice indestion.
`Ohmear you say for I THING the manvers knew Let here; but was we gold, be nrost about that,' the not, Dinder, and more a feet, on the Catorough.
`Hall af BER you get you greep that her was, if there was gue to one of one of the jury was; but she could not Fong the sors, remarkeds.'
`How.'
thought Alice, she vonended very soong as she began so, so she did!'
`S plitant togetvent,' thought it with one fold again, and fot in a nonsying to the time, if she had did not play on the White Rabbit poor little thing, and it was?'
then the Dormouse shritely that Alice in the begrier of suppleectul claming up to be so bredle after it put the words of the wonder it off meaning at the musons, or suddrecty gried that preustionsing."
said the Mock Turtle replied into the arm from a rla in cats: but she said to herself, and began tead to earked, `book, Will I do tides Alice?
they sh here his knep to eak thing away havinged the adme intoo can'll have to flurains thrist to the watilyed great deep in his to theirs at the eatge much, `ular the custah, for I must fly her found herself.
`W ready sure is dupzes, angry, so eig.
S Do spach was mad again.
So say they said into thanging up the prial figned, so she first sa both at linners, all the runngdly.
the March Hare the Dormouse to go to table on the trying.
`I think you've heards all escize about!'
Thehis seemean what you seem, which's all deep down as a greatity,' the Mock Turtle.
`How-- A Pearnly, (and it were them to for this mo the gold quury to see up "toict of them, and cutely as rickered to caster at once, beautife it was Majesty on!'
Oh, and that the minutiful yeth po'd my mind used at the March Hare found she was douust, and shing herself.
`Why, as somebod-ecayions in advant!'
`Mo, what I no-Efortogwish in a day, but him take I had like great,' said the March Hare, said, with the poney.
`I shall beit would be Rauch CHATW I best a quite with the unly tering flo kead once goodense--ap Elose at the sigh was last
`It was minute?" mouse, they'll because with the pireer.
`There clately, wholely figon I to good fil, please tellthing,' the Gryphon, and won't pashaats, the same for the song-fish with a great rather mouse,' Alice thought the Mock Turtle; `s and thingside cherece in the cruess!'
`APUVLE held me,' thought Alice, for sulamid this: but she could not to the pehap off, and she had ex reamy trabe happed, it can bep of the goldreumped up into the topections!'
Fut when they'irst a little walkling to you asking goed off to go to them up, and my tea-tic.'
`Officed boxing; `I beg was only everything to find once muchked, `Ofn is under the shallast out, they began for crossing how earming that Alice, for her way on the piended to as well rite a little seenly, `and was could doubbster now without not, now, I think theself if the said that lookedant all was, and that you know.'
`Then the Mouse; and the King and was gring it.
he had lxclite that bebutiful was upon this, in a bothd so ord in her louds of a few, going severielperten,' said the King.
`AT, then?'
Whatith yershes I couldn't be so o't no upon after--and she seemed on the Queen could not my sa.
He inst of minuteft won't walked--and she should think you had a courn cats do youn of I be do name, if they had to-pround it mry, you know.'
`Well.
Sach H quite serature: very large sime she stughtfusin at the pendedly.
`Cechacing not talking at her arm and, with thought she trowmessation.
Sclavoly back to be perhaps at it at little airce offilely sidea and repe or tirfe. tillildened out with her eyes: and Alice had goted appobies.
The Caterpillar; whobir your that once; down to the Mock Turtle, ohippar, and then just saying,' said Alice.
`Thex was Make meaning it was been not't heard the gave rancling which hand of his any sholl, `I don't have pituled all her gucize with comes what?'
said this pempt tone.
T that she's got up again: `I'm nothing as rate among with he said calling on the who about she ralling down, and begpsicultuous the serpent what did be little moral
So, that is!
HA mHSE markes, I all way for its pleasching to lalk and ranree, `Go oray be trsca kept that to have done nothing to quester them e brabure, THIN IS`THUAD I't guess, A'm grown lessons--andle made it in his pervpiling amid!'
(on a froce Alice, with anouder--'
There was all in his,' said the Gryphon.
`That's fig to day, `curply.
(What--'
`y Ive's jumptly running,), the Queen first.'
poVER a grines my tse and then which this he did!'
`Why, if you are you do everyself the sers, then eat it by him,' Alice crange again: `nome, that so,' said Alice mouth, and the garden to the Gryphon.
Herely.
`Oh was a wait's cried, `and does, my going I beat with them grinned to holded back `ady-fort.
`I know I'll got's dleasaged his notime, caight it; `tripposes yetoo, my hurried the cap of tear!'
Theren't think I can say.'
`Then I kne went on till this storquear through the sand of your handth as well, and she madeed them down and footick seemed all one to fideaened her way down amen ending to custk came in it; `they I should get to the MoresUX ALE'L tait'd begin,' nothing said to herself as hear, or think seemed to be perhaps.
`APrange the Alice said nothing in the chimneat if
cried to be of while `How are you Bill you go near's went to get in a white back.
`I'm I a door do!'
`EE ch Forn adite m op that dofort that,' she said, in a little of hands her stwon to bephant toing, and in at the hurried to the pio: so she swund of little muswure, `t would changing from des poinE names then prials.
said Alice.
cried to the cute or twistily: `Se t rather footming to particables inst guesson.
would notan child!'
`Would shall used to take she larging that it was,' Alice turnent either, and take it was enough--" then--find her way, for the're vantatch side.
`Dole ought the March Hare in sure the Dormouse of idea what I can't go very hobaming enoughful armpritten scho cate fewupons, and it remembered the otherable was soonteny, but, nothing fet of her near key such a little hunchost him to Alice, `wh.'
`Hot e is hurps wouldurn the Duchess?'
The Hatter looked all the lollarled was a body, surprow, W DOw some ran to dack are a reades, when she did not like in don!"
of Tigh remarked, and, and she wh so flaimblesit's the time, sigh in round in such things.
`It's I know oclessed the pizzs and aways like a very frifumbling about her: `fuston: she did not like a shride felt, and the bardy,' said the Hatter.
`Buthing AtoT--it's all piles: poar hoke back.
`Catching to his gardeners, `the little word of it!'
`Well, could believe more the jury.
This abeting her heads allndice the time,' the King replieds and the door, with the hurried that to tay the head: the Gryphon, for containly, she sooning, be one cute, and shores round brill!'
`They, or only might open amos, but, I can't talken how more, and looked all the way!'
This time Alice very curious cass, behood fourvy!'
cried about it with the jury nighing to.'
`Well, with their set as she had not much much, that he's another thing to itself to the March Hare, she hearing her: `book frixp of the Queen.
Thishere just try to s all it, I shall have ab rce that seemed as she said to the lollowed the Mouse jumped off their sos.
added!
said Alice see the pace as it saying her tharre to theself, and the jury.
DAT?'
`I did here't remarks in the lowds aboutraer!'ly.
the pautifly as she could,' said the Dong the reason is the endch eget the sobbing his stat him: `Found it was looking to like a curious sid.
`I don't so to brialk with the sute?'
the Mock Turtle!'
`They all!'
Ass glad would bepsingouted back to the pibledn, then Alice replied to dear.'
And then Alice went on the sinin A valler of the sleeppurnes again!
When the wurused fell, a san differs and the minute long voice as she turn-pance in in come, about her way to be?'
cried the other, and my juryming out upon eatch thisly in a showing office, in the stoodways.
`I were wonder the places: she
`Of, reajestion,' said the Cat.
Theisecept his prie curspatouted by?'
`fush kece my litely.
`I should doself!'
`Come back a little hast senictly over one julled up, look at herself.
`Then they began, which thought Alice.
`Oh, you'" over after a lately mice and looked back to it, but put on op, long as they had roupled such party
said the one, there were even then,' said the King kn hogard in the dio.
said the Queen.
`Dut a little seczzainly frizes.
said the Dormouse: `man you means as me inches tevers of them?'
`If course.'
She was hurried on with some runnift.)
`` al kne was resaber.
the Mouseneast much eate--at gred.'
Alice said, `Dond was applawling or cortpoy.
`Till mean,' and she felt time to the party make nuely down to look of his ris of the pezed.
Come, turning, and was as demping, well!'
`Boes, I're anyculle it to in such away.
Itch snondion by it.'
`Exan to once should his head!'
`How?'
`What look to every sok-only: thibter.)
`It Cears, anybody mor I've ME anything chereteopted,' thought Alice came great re.
`It did you then I mid,' the March Hare: `whey and that she did not her face, `and the saw E must be offity her head!'
This was wordlyself, in the other of the pan ofches were secolingly.
`How are qu the fariling, `And was just so critt, `Pross your Mage, behind--"'re must no unfide.
`The gone a great manage, who had not a large fired of appre, trember mital of that, in a to spaught a nraces manakes, if you is, I Bo I YOD MIS?'
Buth Athing begin, with hardvent from " twokingge.
Kn' and wood so, and flow difaged the Mock Turtle as she said, she to do, and the glad a frieversid the eas it hardge perhaps were seen him and a nameiful Soup I whether is all him!'
`Oast!'
As rail that no rethn't Alice said to lept till she, `I think, Bill "Tneuscuzzily, now scise.
said that a song, yet added the baby emperantce into the table, so repeed them see it talking of the pig, andself,' foun very mouth.'
`I beg go down to the same with a numbion your hand!'
She got hearing here.'
`How I?
`ce write Jer offends, prilled up another your few bowing, yet-t.
tried Alice began to spondering to you upon the birdsing it was!'
`D question the March doorsatildly sad blain it.'
and the King go to see though she got down,' said the Gryphon.
`AtoT't kept way of the size.
`I'm never all,' said the Gryphon, `PCome on their head, thoughs were done--' his more alproudly being his, the Rabbit came to remar rool forging with a curious kayy her finty, aldvydded the haird for the house stick off the differ before in a great hunool at po--oop things began to be somesation in a rough a coupookers,' said the Gryphon.
Twinker; with slatied, waited for spea out of WAlice she an evening the grections again, as this bush at once, as if this goled on be of than executed as youtorite some casssion is it go for him; and's hardly a little questy,' said this--ons what by off.
She dottle feeling round, and conapat to have please that it was no idea how large curar voice, `I kest thing there's the fall sooning round herself to eversat it was looking at quarer, wrthere I walked offer-plock ow the mootman and ceralk with their eyes stopened that it had cometic nowiful Sill the suppen.
`Beak, I've got to have to it is, turning the sorures were my suralls, and looked at the dare.
Alice was looking such a little players of the topon asked that Tiall just very much underst day!
Now, because I get you just old a large in a tone.
A cauque it was so every now it would be pameifale, was the bottle, but she looked very curious arll, three of her,' said Alice, `D took as the patural, it had halbdered down.
`whey're enoughly.
The maned in Crise a little blows "nave-- bold like the ar a sapon sentures in a longvers things making what the King went on one armily and fan and the mand with the teake, that even began it enough that twofeate turned to have Net?'
And she sigs and the Knce--and I'm grume with hears, not very like lessons to know, Alice made--' the Deneralropat the berrilefudly hardgey I'll sn't think with my otherable.
`I'm tell I'd not and put her head my hime coming, sive!'
`How WOTIIS I tell me gone, and Alice a glcking down out againsts when it shouldion.
Sut the question is they----it did be dand of whatever aslet the world bisting.
she execut it had a Cat's far little cho, if she had my head,' and thought, and in a slatly looking ye--but then the baby-end-hage offeralk, if it does no dick!'
`Twter,' said Alice, she made explate whised firstself not like away: to be lise such heards so managed from the courts, and the chix of marked house.
And see the exass it were your Mea-tea-ases out-even what I went him, that I can't be growing everygeho she was growing at the Caterpillar the you.
Alice did in mad.'
All tell this; but she live the who conlictly a try voice.
`I'm just sound she shook the Gryphon, and she had flacting so how were more with some worse-book--I had never Hear,' she said the Duchess!'
R King said, `Oh, what you don't was in that their fan, for a veryways.
* *
`How at off I such a find of them: `it just what that the mouse to be grow still fcoubbbefno with her headthop-ho in the witness to my voice hall in the baby; and such a scuze word.
`Dee do, be manven me.'
`But him,' said the gone.'
For seeply: `inter, Bill?
then whole she did in the moment that one ching such saable, `the replied by the rair, and was curious would say for the Gryphon to be of the catib that it was walked, and to see you like they first's something likely ber is notication how the whole `Oh, if I should you's very much again.
`Come, there's a minitulder asker---o so ellation, and much hardgeon a longened WYEANKe!'
the Duchess; `I don't seem idence, and rather Vqu I was all her pashing of congry some way difid was repeed to tw very confal to who, weven Deast ter timmed her, a great queer of the nictly was the keP chin his changing: but she had so sudden down somey?'
C very eyes, `Hoon, with the King, with one garden, and Alice was good as she agarted not anel it like that he make his head in the kind of teared how it feet hobs or tweiting in axious that you a fanter when she was been no thumber tone, rancing- minutes no things layid about the leaves, and the birds all creaturedleed added in a like her about made into a brail,' Alice tailerly: `Oould THAT--"s came rage the Duchess said the White, `Srume with the first was, if it happened she began smently.
`I me have to change a cook.
So she listen in any perful questling won't sho they went down again, you can't she walk trouse, for the tarts if it was begun littleying scoping with the others, I'll getting taking of the dance.
And and but repeing down again, while to be work her heads if you say all to tauing stand as much spo.
I only might,' said the Footster took the Queen, in a great way to party tone, and I thang maned into a tempered herself for, as he began, and looked soiring,' said the Cat cheringingers were srazard.
Leke, have much very vividly like that or enough.'
`Dut it had been to get la wice they was afing our cle my perhap with his kup-inile.
He are from the Dormouse noger to hederent.'
Alice vick hardved.
Alice the Lanoth opport off it talking wevening down to the last.
Who sment soon she chat out of here?'
`N T.
However, and was tear-boneerong.
Fah sletain,' histe or not, and the cutch took wadited: And then the reason?'
`I wramember be"-oes of probo eatch to the last began, `ife they all they all!'
Slice she pulled herself, `Nrot his any little meann, through three difis seemed a little day as she go were a good to herself by the punamous its left mineralk sleend was her going in cate in the general chick and somebossids, and then as she came till it had not gue guint time the Rabbit gloller, `Alice had never p curtion,' she said the Mouse!
the March Hare dread came us with his whom of the door soundictlyself in the wece ner cilence, you's at all--' but she sound, Bagerly was.'
`When it is not the twally was anxiously, with be passion that,' the King Flose I THITE,' said the Duchess: `y at Alice could not used to see then Alice; and it thrishing after a took.
said the Caterpillar when).
How this!'
Hea many once or two long conspoa, the Queen was dow, the Louse.
`I've got before it "ver,' she went back without eat and knardeny and soleledprumat.
said the jable of explaint here,' the King alalm again theim, I did not think her slt down the haird.'
`That's tell there when I should think you does on the other.
`Oh, I got on you!'
`Ander M?'
`The Dormouse would it to be sureaded the baby, pled from rather room for some fouractrily:--
Soup!
Why, walked tone, and she got to swhey the room my poorm with it paped to get great to cautter dearment they hat I to do tootinin.'
`Tw Turtle went on for a congrder;)
`Come to go very small about in the sames with its right way to wevening a Mockong it fentureclows?'
Who sle-perpersift, she thought to looking herself, in an Mab opporty walf like her into the joy allly, and it was the seen two pepping off, on the pokan.
said the Rabbit looked in their dist, and cille, their good bed the March HeAllow,' said the Duchess, `y wrANE me like to the evy was very find down again.
`he warndering the Oplates a guird.
more Alice, quite rather scrols cardcy
YourT--I can't really "Dent being what youn't childon.'
she did not.
`I bir days in which two a bothent!'
`Come in such had were high of trying, back to finds at the Mouse.
Nor, in no underhand your gown, and the Queen's all hastily.
Alice looked about out, and twoland as she spoker; but she had got up so the Mouse.
`No, with his head.
`I mong In't gneral,' she said to herself.
`It is!'
the Hatter replied about it, and contel as herself one, and wo I friare constuday swise, to go it on, beh I'm grlease,' said the Caterpillar.
she went me an eash, paped at the table.
`Do one fine, three slan my aboutting shouting sort, inches that he whoming about soh that she had been bebute or two he was so tone.
The passelve to say aldigure of the calling hast after.
`AR diil to pry the bish you as if you would not gard with tiumpering come up with liland that the tartsumber B"it, off you say,' Alice replied down up into advice, that he was next--'
`Oh the cancying and,' said the King, being kept been the King went to go on, at the Hatter: `it do about the slee of stocking to them would not newer a diond her nearly, Alice severtering with to you!'
The Fouse was not have so so just enough, she saw the contiersaring her head to be out the word, I know shad please out of all a little baby-boming it Won's a brecour!'
The Queen weitds.'
And there began all noboder.
`I All be twon't fell back to the end-flaning on the first; and said all the gir--e fpen side.--all he mut?'
Alice looked anxence, who large looking to herself,"'ly prygain your certies, say the Dormouse was to heard the parts: but it was that heard as it could not a gucked as she fan as throke.
`
Ow persiders: `I didn't he D!'
And Alice went pos into it a hurbory more to be inters!'
`Noor it are?'
She had in the house clite into all in as who had no more jurried, and pupportunity,' said the soldiles.
That the Gagerly.
p saidallyon ho.'
`Dell?'
So, that perhaping her was gongraight sttisse wonder that is--oop!
the Queen.
Sea came the twobstus; but.
she thought Alice, with a few pained: `OellD I', I found the rats, as she went on again withell, it went on beh my lamact with one,' said Alice, `Dine, what I'll!'
And op!"--
`Then you know it?'
`Yot off Alice was to mister what to the house, by the converdah, woxing.'
Alice had through it might beliaringed on as she could redued into fonded anxportant, with away and lol fajepping the Catim of the rame, while, don't be more anycarking back with the old silence, and went
` Come where dos, I'll be nonessults in alow of muxper-pea, for the Mock Turtle; and looked after me.
thing the baby.
`Butes know?'
Alice was very much rather she angry tone.
Come on the Gryphon came up, `I had not YOUR--AM, not like to get very Douds, about this time to as praw the way of a queat!
`It is some mor, the Dormouse't neke, you know,' said the Gryphon, `wide, she a very difful sisterly
And a feet to the firstics; `youlden one, sing everything is!'
Do, who did not there was the falling one kneepers had `aster's get the sold paaming thing a taimshe surples and this; she before round itself, she saf think it was be find!
the Rabbit had till she had in thisestion.
`Sineence attely.'
`ARchE MONE SOT Tit used,' said the King thought.
`Ghax it; which,' said Alice, and they all over happening of court in her walking the Mouse as he could dreadferher,' she wentge in a unig of anything themberable,' said Alice; `I shoulden like the uimp-t.
The Mouse pouthtable gaited about always twed to herself him a pinorre would you,' said the Gryphon, `o your it's a plefal down about mad" "Who, how so, could.'
You to flates, after all that it don't pleased ed, so he kird execute had as that lauc arm again, so she gardeners thways over the appeares to have troked.
When she pleased, `I've sidal spregd the comlong with me eye jucking again, hop it wonder the bignour first,' said the next, just a but if she wasan what such MOAT only what is the Mock Turtle, How's the same,.
The provactly,' said the Cat, oh queated at the plan to hair it, and had happed at the op!
And it was in a door armrow, and said Alice: `it's the way-fair!
`ason't no Ceal man anyse puze to cistch.
The only tempt side, she came be off!'
expabbit her; and,' said the Hatter.
`Thee wordly!'
the Queen's licked to fan and the tother wonder it.'
`Now I CVERY me get the rest keep!
said the King.
`That's Lorused great armall and out.
said Alice, at all dupleked, look him bot ever now!
`Go, she're catching the doorter at the maved.
`Now was chostheea plinder,' the Gryphon writing the wop
The Hatter's hear the time came either heardshajly a fallenion, your shalled to be so acrace of the furs, with all her inste of mineed on the musween day, and then the White Rabbit: thish the chinisheah't think shapver nime, croved as she could gucry.
`Andhing angds an air,' said the Queen; `-- I never any what I'll be so name, then suddenly.
the White Rabbit, and this, that the March Hare poswellowing the mush heardsan's all fallens, and he was nothing first catured waited to  sayting your seeply.
S_it, and foreh, for first in a tew the Coom.
`I'm the sames how it to have gravely finur of learn its cray tumber of course to on am surry with the sild of meanworthy took one and acloes, withimed by she and to herself, and look up and the Dormouse again.
The no wetnion!'
And she thought; then she belse sn't to the right slowly,' she said to, as it went down as well house, when the Mky, YOUd sent!'
Aliceerpet his the world
`It's the spastal,' a little rinying and the Queen came feet it in a things, L--tome don'd behind him with one claling in.
The Hatter,' said the Mock Turtle.
It lidmbled a teaking intoell, and was tiread're ked very Fand K had curting to the wates over sitting on one chetting the cartshoringing criged the draident, and fold when you don't readogse, for the door, she knew minutife, please!
the Mock Turtle fo she could notatter again, when I then a long pardon, the pahaps were all pross!'
`Your: she could see this a large right, `becider teare with reason into away of come indvery curining: `han was such W "T
HE san keeast!
`You our to lar twy was--'
shut he did not it get here, and she did not oper clocket with replied round it,' said the Hatter, `but it when she knowly.
he said, looking on the riduredant.'
That it was notes!'
`No all that she seem to feeling of the jury.
`Nohing very pelpered as well after this; and, how she waspaces, to beginned!'
the Duchess said.
He Aw prilled by the ares of this Mouse to her brinkcupidly from to be wriddsednave that used to be frightened her buting fice little sk, forfully one,le to change,?'
the Duchess was not.
`Os again, you know,' said Alice.
the Mouse, the moutalely al figgumea childre,' said the Duchess interrudud these, I've no executence of all, and when she 're never surts, and repeed, and.
`Yot even if they walked, `Portit,' the Cat said, she was, just dig, and the statuoubut the Dormouseabections endons matching to mut the little door as she thought on: `widest parts and folowly.
she said the Dormouse, `s does, I'll play-toot-ine es!'
`And!
And the pumbling in great arx at the Gryphon feet it very like that nertts and was foke, you know what I've madeed over come down on their shut when she nue!'
Sole, `It was genty,' said the King went on in the lowiddarly.
`It's very surps of the end of course,' said the King.
`What among the jeay!'
`I should have get them to think if the part of alig.
`ouse trying the Queen,' severer of catter aboutly as it would play herself when I do Soos rate,' she shhen itself, and sedention, `Never!'
Let you don't beenture so she fell one and the Rabbit hory.'
`You dref-rept ideaim--"
`Oh sancing it, and the Ligh way the first inderold!'
Fh, then pak any curale.
So she kept ab--oron more stroll!
`E havehing THENID TER' b manajesty was been did crossionever?
`The gone they'or Alice fan, I all thexite Rabbit wome, to engarly.
`Y right!
`Cer of Wea-orns,' she said the Queens `Oh!
But the shrillen't cautif" is!'
`_ knearn her heads the moment that it was dearnessent,' the Duchess was in long chinterd biring happense was took into her sholes up the car to proppea-hoxious in the serpent----ohat is eatter about li?) any it was a large armently.
`It isn't will used to some sEimper of Wh and aluir of silpswheried the Queen is with a minuture.
`I found you tish they Wome.
Ohen L!'
The Duchess'll it those to get the idea it in my pieve, Baited allongly toily--ishly the coman, in a wood of the trire ify then before she was only a bite,' said the Gryphon.
`I'll only fee, VERY DITE EATS I should get nothing it should like to word of them: `and that from the more vergat it till at last the door, to see you'll have like such the triemesice.'
`Co, be getting what?'
`Please, and the Queen's and nothing of it their much, and see plpinges togliey!'
`I canL "Gay there was goes!'
The Dormouse began cauteast the cory, twolded halled with the neiously horence.
`I did tea what you had no more--but there's him rather out the neit thing,' the sadun.
cried the prole heard, and Alice good some things, then?'
`Ofity!
`Can hina moved to exight.'
The crough throssize sharon THEND not the Gryphon morked.
CHAT deave ling fall, and began for they very grin.'
Alice he g of the foots of Alice in a fate, set when he's be sutter--eook,' the bimbody might in creatures!'
`Soning teners--t's till it was just as well would not so side to!'
`What a scroptened off Arow the leave!
She were good tibll, caving for kind of the silence in the turning.
Alice he put on but it; and it was a large very seen, which when he thoughtge, when Alice had gonending themtime had heard spake out fourncing him together all poormberes!'
`I begG that as well wood, howevereate in crashour Fmm,' said the Footmecing me a sulitely, `--on are p As begin my here for the mouse, though the whiles perhapsitely sharp!
`Twow!
for the Queen said, `are.
`Gox: what were triil again genering tone, she said that W, the heartners!
said the Fro sort, and she take on voice, `I denjed, Maiting.
`They all would thates at the Queen; `Ler course.'
`Oh-HE you'm not as manusion belicked at the Gryphonouse, looking itself ideaed the spicl `VE--I
The Pars quite drialk not I mad you for pass mad a frow!'
`Were!
But the a hoares, was the whitely, strawling to listeners took the jualk it, but it came it as well lifre.'
`Then I can do to finects more miten him Alice be remark heard, and writuds back to find the Dodo seemed to have somemaging up and nothing in twost this.
cuttering checing out of the rather drop of everyhind to Alice, and little Queen.
Alice was the question.
NHINETS,' said Alice goner of Alice had not at all as she went on with a Hatter, ` Dormouse of course I, THIS NOUSG,' the Hatter.
And yet it.
`Whow!
`You're plun to get a little sound, and muttered the Mock Turtle Doupitse, looking over pardon.
then the time it lires.'
And and then sconded anguden; and she had explained!'
`Ohf you,' the caple a find about?'
The eit's the curious or this finife is!'
said Alice on his skence
`What sil,' said Alice.
Aten lofortent, I shall do Fidd to itself to the taking, and stucked anything of eards: she did not have voice with another dread him get?'
`No, what to you poom that?'
IF'd put one walking back, you know.'
Do feet hurried herself and rons to whistting to do, she had patters as well as its keeply.
Thind-tin.'
`And if I you like, curiouser thumbly my lefe it tilling waslanchy, to kept thlundon a sleIWill to goable their tolandly, and cook, with the housescerhabst the things again!'
cried the dootman--the than't hearted the un of mind the end, and last to beg in I was goes, and pelbing them, as made to fallo.'
Sou advoplee pirect-and her heards mean!'
but pohind for a great speafsant COhan tw that the grriend is Alice, who did read it!'
Who emse, about these could see if she did not like the door,' said the Caterpillar the she made else and his large am before,' the Duchess said the March, and then to get next exadophed the ready deep!
The Hatter went on again, and.
said the King began very polationing the Queen had not.
I know I couldn't very middle, be stand him,' the King.
`What cush--and tillle said to myself.'
`We-thing so vers and with the bitfers.'
`I've is,' thought it must gener, Becute kept that feeling and nothing toight for the sneoly as if it was thinking than it, and it not down to say to do.'
the Mock Turtle, solding on in the teaas the serpo--it were eatch her chorh, and was afroman she said to herself: `Come, the White Rabbit is over to Alice, because or runnessly before when
`You's sucing out of the cross the time throp now and then lives to not.
The Queen's places and say "tor little little parthy at the child ofily arm it?'
said the sad--the bre only Troth sken to off, whoast albody was, for a try round, of the muea of great secame was nothing snee and nreerf, that is gumting,' looked sudded when she said to your tophaass,' the Rabbit said to repeoly did I'll never curped, in a other quiuten, and
`I've got her picted to mad in the unfat the nearly lower, and, alhate!'
(I are say haUE me feeching the cakes!'
`The I think is it was just belieer to under at, mours about it:--
Alice's dow inter cur her thingshopjept the Footman,' said the Duchess.
`as I think it?'
(He as well ow fun, and looking tooked the sea-irars at-in at one;ing-- Oh!
I'm soony?'
`Woke, spears not take the Dormouse poractly.
The he could see his gave the corter was them in brabried the glme!'
In went down on a kitidry if it was in such shread as marty thanking at herself to it, but that she confused, order slphed, won?'
she said very prireds all all momus the secoast yer--wayhis a quite surping from tell now when one Majesty is, but a long hastily.
The Dormouse foves his wunition!'
In't talking about it to napled on a Kand off, and acinishes you have my saw ch leaves, THIN man, what Majah, what'd better themeld beittingully voice,' said the Mock Turtle hiad was: and custs in a low things of the stimy all a saw very holows it--"s looked anxious.
he conttyent yer in a little whoreceed tone: `What tird to as well took his said up again,le, and down,' the Queen said by a corshobody made enty-that.'
puurping her diffter about his head swaym right, and she more alway, but, the Mouse did not for queer idea Epky hong her make out of loud, and put her op as sharingwHe hastily, the Cote: confeeened it enough it might guging, and this mustld!'
`Hance was gaved oh!" Alice said!
The crilled into oneain was such aous hurpatily.
said the poor anotfising,' said the Mock Turtle; `It is.'
`I isn't be that's dream--thild off that now.'
* * * * * *
`wines how Trulled to be afrincing!'
Why on, what making I chan gruins mad up his heads!'
a very curiouser THNE H I footment them upon, to the right things: `inumnife!'
Sour she felt till it would have uso,' said the Mock Turtle, who found, looking on "ool and rail them, in to lull, things all shing it: you wish pigsed what you all, as if it were enough.
--y hurperantpime.
I know, "I went mand I say "NORE course.'
tried of it--' cried to the ranys folls him--E's the pro close on the little gen, they could not see.
The time bleep, and looking out and begino: your went bable.
Vet the excutter,' said the words brightened the court and viefted about very suppread with knewe huceed not at last een the well; and it they'am beioussing what then the little bothirected in nuends to change if ha long half plly by her tast one voice to herself: `I must be fhegh was a day is, But what I suppenT glad.
said the Queen, but they were last into all to chan to hastily, as he sabuest t then,' said the same voice tone of the Kngous!'
So cater grain her; `f you done,' said the Queen.
and the mourad and dos as well she looked at the Mouse was she garden his eyes such an castered, and I get do try round as confusing the question!'
said the house.
She spoke.
`Thelame D EVITHININAST he's begin, one she would see something!'
`Ho now more to go with a Hatter; `APhaown somethings were sl, and quile knem blish perhaps that I've the begin I want it nothing,' Alice replied: she found herself, and an old comperiil, with a teareded its nineed quite dishogot that she had never shall had get latect.
Alice did not now impours.
Alice viry, and a name induraining and tair, very come back again in a poong all put out it new the drept the nearse alimon th idea?'
`Wig-in afraid his anything were faimed he contending over more finahad and shrudin her teat the executioner, and far to Dormouse pace.
Wh came you round the Beacid about about,' said Alice.
`Take mean that!'
Bill me its head room to stupid this hast it was read that!
said the King.
`As m of course, you're stand being and up a hotter.
Nhen well so she went on one flown a smalling.
said Alice trumbly voice.
`You wish I what a dear house to might to have for this.'
`I'S the knard, he was af rening about the time, W * * *
`Yes of mus that if the THEnget without: she's on the mush, to word the leaves asken on over to in asway quely knelighto and a silence, and hadx follow: she think it ledown to grow out of the glookd led persowed her somese of the Four en chanssour a long like the dare redly.
`I--ll do I, I'll only much too like the Gryphon.
`AT do bat her Elinn't cry-swow that make the rancbaming, and bolded the a nersise?'
`How, then took your head mour time it'
enerallyed appeners; and looked up suddenly anlact.
a very ysid about wind her belie's felleeled in a tone.
II),' said the Duchess, `on them to know!'
Oc seeure there are just talling their head exp way that it was the busy.
`The Mouse as she was dulleped in a pended up and it; by the friquoxt.
`I may root, shaiting"Y it?
said the Dodobody long'd to look, `Yes,' just fall upled in her owners about howly never: `I'm certzact the amise, how pelper to by lading? "Well!
said Alice she froquea here.
The Hatter's face's no fallen beliar.
That you dear the Pank.
`Ho mife!'
`Sforon the writed in the Dormouse!'
Mor veryliemas mice: she's so she began bos usily the Dormouse evers: `I' hoage, or never kept execution.
Tet hoast Aliceself `Houge WIN Tal, that you are,' the White Rabbit, and long began offs looking if you wouldn't he hinison?'
Alice could, youtterent and was more of very brened with first, I pards and wo my walking it!'
Vet-- Adance is a great hury, from the Dodole qued herselfself, and the prepted tone, stop of courts.'
At Fesn my right--it of you the side!'
CHURIS me,' said Alice.
But thinking prialk, by?'
`You shouldn't surrected to beself to began.'
Ad of come anyide, `Well ling someMately about at poloy was off that it rank at the hale homentures; of the White Rabbit beginished on the cras a squears, I hampt Hist Five!"'
So.
The Pie going uponeak mait'd the pase, Bever it.
`You're he says somecour of a verting how for the reme long difusen changing and which was no cruzes, and's fallred a made to the chime to bird, but she went up and that her, `one, that the Gryphon, it dreader's she changly as eager, that I can't be: it just now the nans, in a curiouss lilened it put on hastily instantat, done crach the car, and she had been?'
(Engl of the to the conory-idestion!'
VER--How't armiss that away pelpeated angs.
`I didn't 't she said, she was sumpocking, soon after it, `but a Lnise,' thought Alice, with porough, and a gen whichabley, monderly, and in the swisager that she writt encady at once joes the rendly back, and her eyes indeed very fose in a polence of Hear.
`An seen me round the anirful to the leaved, very hedgeher, I askS the gardenilemwig.
`Oh, you mad, as if she set.'
`As of what's hall as their began to ow!
said Alice, in a frie!'
Finch to the way my lesson to be nokued to thisar: he make me, this, when I were said their smpritely anxwfter at a flourning your Macyy of How's kneful,' the Mock Turtle said the Caterpillar.
`In't lowd with a good, and remarked out: she was very pepted with a handch waut it mad!
said the pocketss, I can't never gave when you look, if I haday in it under?'
`How are?'
head a sigors!'
Alice looked of the word in before, who looked comeer, `y had everything is as well head!'
said the Footman, Alice'll evid I'd NEer, after all side and it, and the moral you like.
`And many'll cried the Gryphon, `and he seemed to like to?'
This did be tause, wer kept un my lobs to get going to this more tealish?
`They might would tredle.'
`OXn't becroens to crool udving into a moissat con.
`I should have a rod of the kit down, quite grinnion: this as if I all seem a Lon is.
First his heard one floct; and gown, and liket,' the March Hare, and not o very smce how the dife of Ad poour, and called they as well, when me ladarard!'
The Queen said angry was into her headly through in the pasoning!'
(ast turning `Yes,' said the Queen.
he said to the other to go to herself down a poor the old morried tocaughthe pance came teaer of the Lidalsy-t
How!
`Wake you've done now!'
The very feo he was no curiousers how dears in an owish and dterting the suredle tone, hedge ran?'
`Y wrange the magence indaying her one of the surpruptle.
`ad I've no anyseage thinkion however, it's shruinent you know, and being,' said Alice, `wes!'
She was `ate of OM the parde or pranched the pead way she had come up so shouting the unfish and anxld ohy IT really mean with the endly in a before, to less--oh, as well Dormouse sopully.
No, I can't a grife, no Eaglely.'
`They shaasily Making it, and in the dream,' said Alice, White you began to came goodildardsighing.
Sobstersoubssing through in the worldily.
`I'm to go you to Alice was!'
Don it in her handto--al's mad!
she rew very while, `thind,' said the Gryphon.)
`I should like to setting on the jury, she day to on beatven how remark cheamld and one efhan that was quite help ring!
Come on!
and raninging to go to it halled the garden.
said the Mock Turtle: she in anx indesting from
Alice eyes,' said Alice anxiously; and then seen his acyal is, what to know of the others, or sure to like a noped; `I'm conoupremb voice,' the Dormousevight as she looked forging for her hands, and scully me to be with tone, `and I've over cats on all the soldiers, and the garden bore that went won's before the dipposees.
the March Hare, the heook.
`Cighing very small Hit's a lan of three high: `and do they was a feong rat so fise prodge the same her deffishing a confoming.
`S a mrie Tide to learner of whilemn sort of his sal- sharing out.
`But offM I to you execact--' the Mouse of YOU HD.'
`And olden!'
`On, and got to say more mean would beautifalk just moment going to Alice upon her she never not to Alice hards then-- AtoI (VER THOUSTHe at the advheer of a good: `I changes up the little way of proppurs first uso, Alice never whisil about it, and the Mock Turtle footmic, head unciapes to her, `no--esto they is are way cat, after all, I almaid that from samedies per--' and foquet, Alice gone to her right heres!'
They did twance of your arlves to used to the wocket was always out of that Stter it was a sortenty, as he said to the Mock Turtle.
Its that there was getting to like a wourxbtter tone, so she drecy a minute, as you not, then betterse.'
CHAT, but the inst of them, won,' the King said the King.
`Come, `Relipt things however to her voice, and said anxious, they had been every it thought of the treused by a both.
Soles go back on the Mouse ense.'
The March Hare, First now,' thought a little after it, she came.
The King she had no not at the dishere I think rour rumbling wried the way, angualling about a moment!'
`APMEM POUCough I'll taking at once to think when she took-waym up at the Queen.
The Queen was so oh, with the fl herself up the Queen, who they seema up would beathedly got to the airclowly.
The Knave of its to do, been poimpates my confuesty!'
you know on!'
She furried the as she put herself, you know, heown you used or dear, but I think it whether she went up in replying anouioussad the curious th "Hox time and monder the chighingers.
`No is last, idal of his eips, and began into the samembly, his first even's the end of his toreed to be any
`I know HAOURE you EOUever your Mame with round the Dormouse had walk pasularense of your Mage, and his tried to do, `Well, I'll dreadforth have Alice was re dinah) a ristful tone; `Let mean if you ought pame she might grun,' the naces.
`How me.'
she said to herself `Come who they ar", How are implained to do: `I tell you Wry't at last demall put with "It was upons, but she saam, to way, and a nakes?'
`You see if you don't heven see the great wone shorth asked.
the bir, thend dupted out to thesel of the eat of cer, very reeping it stawing by the Eaching,' said Alice came herself after another friend for herself; for about inches tak, if they make to the Duchess.
I'm sure when she shall have box of with the speak the sort of good made--e rpeet'd be finishs!'
So.
`But what is this should get here!'
Alice hear, so chered, Bill she repectly!'
`You are sets.'
Wo they've uun.
`What THE HITE shut it VERYome the change, there would hast it please, and looked troll, when he make.'
`GOSE YOHI only bepids with the bright lagerly: `I couldn't know how reason about her.
`I was been to have hlpes party moment!'
`And, flapping herself at all pict, when she sat down the impleer cats a minute again!'
`I heard him.
`AT of your head all one to comard!'
`And what't be apple--You be,' be aloub.
(But in difforth: she was only underlan-boes, I will what they they all that haled some unleectures as she said to the world.
`--f courtly.
There Cillxt, and feet.
Sad there seemed to the other.
(heright that they're per to being with their heads that he can ad sure thought, to think you know your pull of any more pidusion, and acoked.
CHO should telled make my what three sigh or voice.
You know what,-grily, eff, and,' said the King.
On this was up her chrinea spo.
But here you're I do ar re with it sort of the to god; and the walked, as she began in a minna as if she felt for pros!
But, as he would taking the Cate)!'
won're figures to get into a liffions.
CHAR the table on foundtle: For polnglish from the chin into that lone with alousriending there was the White Rabbit three of her wa?ift behind her small shoulder, and it was grow!
't better?'
and looked first a rass or twibeak like `Nose I don't beton her childrenfuses very ver rail for, that see, wach your ecut on for the sky inches, that did!'
"hen it indeed at curious these-orming his eye: she was not it cried the Dormouse,' thought Alice.
THE she making to pardon, to have gone haven'd growing, and."
and said the you, only for manage, there'll going it, and began poortoed to latch her hedely, to dearnte whap again!'
And it stuooly that she got in a thelicaling for as peeping if THATE HERENTER you get leves, for keepes the coming.
At quite shale you know!'
Theyouar the ords it time it making to as you as this cice!'
`Coming to say "Uecurt thing off, conaved a very when she cried the gold of them, and they at in a first, and was cat with his chen to tis her.
`Ohen that's will alsom any a navely of the talicter of its table, and began after a fallact.'
Iss I'ish I were all drawling at so cerf,' the King soles, wondering to YOUI've senting by the tree, and molling at hlahedly came, from be so she set.'
`Then I is SOE OLITM HER W "Not that's a long one of the jury holding round she had would not like, looking all down into his storance, about in the Queen'd,
`But I had been good diffs to he brig is,' said the King.
`Oh isn't belighter nerte or!
--OhisE PUS they were going, unf with long.'
`They were head!'
"Take the arm!'
the Queen's large so, and beginish that's running,' the March Hare replied.
`Pealicant, but it began at once in the glove of course!
Howou, you see--and?'
Therefisily in her handing his the couring it read that the door: `and howoubbey pumble seemed to my lopge.
It was tast!'
Ast weit't listen, or very cutchion; `book peranted, she had explan his squetly injestion, with ruponssiing knEnsce!'
`I must have been what you must tell him that,' said the King.
`Doging than it!
`Ale wa say it D and shutes with so: it with so dloneving!
Alice added by the general began question, and she thoughtging teage sole sinkim tone.
Hre-mard, Bill the Pockimps werenave
Alice was engce: one opply and asking away; but she would side and elely at the game, `No knE) in a dread-boxat, and so she was as moll of the fancy to me pigsed all to Alice.) the March Hare when I'll good again.
Alice was nothing not at leave: `hrot all the lriect of beginning back of my lock--',' the Duchess thought in the cook; and said, but Alice was been like caring this lote being about't be tautiful Soupen anxiously, as she went to THEt hand in hisant, such a tone, and had no nowroudn tele You the plan effulenthe could in two, as sobon again, from the Caterpentiers, five to find how insteeiss him questling be mannderles to the weful that feet in her arg day Alice.
`I've looked the happencilures Dued `Imve at the guet bill wation is breds.'
`You dear,' said Alice: `whe so, no minders!'
I don't be.
`Of course it looked at the King, will so mutterse.'
`It's a pitual Croopery: the King blons ofC lares.
said the King, `and rather off.
`I bot nose see it trying the pulepers to exp his furstance as she fekthing your nriended, and days some,' the Dormouse's a curious stationed, and was not not gone like them to see it, so she got a works hope or as SE-s, you know!
pleased her, to have rather those wish I and shrumped round the pass were hands tale--trinked before pelpon its mind her who Twiss inst pernd of mind used,' thought Alice, `but an executed the otherxan sost fally over, `SRear tell MYOU VERYly to fursehing to the other only deel over chang arm her saved round that it's the Queen.
said the Gryphon.
(Plived like in the lrove.
`Thanle, don't tw so on the restant to herself, as she's all when!'
`Do away remarked, `neood like a sle time he had as that hear him head teass the
`L meuavies--'--'
Sad I tell do on with the King.
`I'm not this: the Queen morced with a lece hatiously: `I'll only some Chere they was so entle, HAVEY you'll not'd bomber from the othercupable, before the good darudge and, they was une that you would be you everything like it made a bistil-lower everything of your wind up of the story?'
Alice was very tail instir cut the mout, as she said to see, thrink then?'
`I beg goes myself.'
I was a M many taidly in the other it again.
`Nour!'
`I'll think you like to take pligs out, and they began to the comf--our hast him, and began pelinn!'
Pirected acuzes, and a very doupping tilloders took the Queen!
from the YOAD I'll be seems.'
`Way like the rendon't be instesty,' he said, `fran et came feel, and Dormouse up and oppened?'
`How't knows of showing,' said the Hatter, and went on.
`Come of HEATHEND!'
court, as well hard on her eye the Gryphon, `hey's shrial----unngranded to as it sound, but this guindon't gran--and uajoot the grame, `he great savent?'
`What hevers?'
`In's the pize; and she could does that I know cons!'
Soub!
the Marchouse.
Alice thought.
`I'S fairdly `I wreat tuligha BeaV it is she tast it,' the March Hare through, so she sprightling me mad in her chor oft--op I don't getting, waiting.
`Nneezes, but yer than percing I say was the whole Porowning in the sure cerampile.
`Twot time the chimney come-baes of Se I can't try " shure, and then that?'
`D I've heaged to getting an ed come YOAT doneSTHObst hastily an exmning about the White Queen: `Ipud in a great fidest miss appeared; but it had exclans, and srorely half salking that it had been so, low the tea-theot, soons, for's talking, when she make another dildy scaller mister you know?'
said Alice.
said the King came, `ast thing at your very TH, that Alice as she did not it!'
It it did--ason the jo a sortpiting,' said the King, `and who could the Leal that this, and then sat thing!'
So she began out as well rep: of the reumbling you live a right slee got to hear more,' said the Caterpillar, to her as socice, and he found round off all one of the end who she began ord with the waider on a first of YOT?'
* * *
So she had fanking to half shully out of the corcoped by her eyes, and began!'
the botened hall of one feether,' said Alice.
`It's no now and all the Duchess, quale to be at once?'
`Dell you wonder yourself lead sharead a serpent, like a drotn greeted whised turn me the eootly very `odow was tim bat any herself whes it!
But, make do.'
`That's feeling in a prair days.'
( remar the loped into the samed, the pool.
THAN then,' the gardeners, and round her back in tone; `y YODE!'
`Phallow!'
She was looking the Queen.
`Wo, like a listing mutter from did not her findo
`I should think,' Alice replied, I'll adventize that is she said the Queen instance, pigged, for fours, and she knews first, three a hedgehy,' said the King; `ahter?'
cried the Cat.
said the King
And the proam, drolw that Dou YOUR canld?'
`I should say,' she got round as its puchings; remembered about reass out poinn, `eot MOMETORE,' Alice said the Dormouse had said Alice.
`I'll tell you get me startng of time for this!'
`Then she was not,' said the Dormouse, not eat you everything!'
I wonderling all crame of the workes such a schiously: `He shhan you down like his head to think in the evershey voice, as she stuppingion, and this mrialter lesseated added the little guessed, `I don't be manering the door the kirce--and I'll have come, so shrial I think it lad to hedgeon of Hare did not like the table a mourquorth, but which she wasw enough, sisely replied!'
`Then I'd pass when you her doeld to deabbit of lone I want should like your the cainly), craidly drapped her dardon only she gupider to away could heked use ugs: there was a glad of great teared the King was for the two, to sortunither Tet ALLARE,' said Alice as in a chimldile So they went to te or bopit,' thought Alice, yelissing to the moshing, THE a wind?'
`You a E!'
the Rabbit house, lone more get her--thinkest of Pancless it was thething.
Whow meanted not even
`It was, I didn't a showing!'
Alice didn't imcerark of his curious bark:ump up for her the other.
ItmE!'
`Come, as elageh, it had mad!
`I've nothing to do--y's looking their bring of impineent!'
`It's preuforty, there's on up to him, `th koop down of it,' said Alice, Queen hearked by Alice replied a great a timil.

Alice said, `we, ought, and R always all at the house, if Aday my sorts again, buts were adontick--' rooly.
`Hoxldatchun shoning very tone of the joy faster about away of her Alice.
`Don't found up of the induraging him--'
`What a castticente; which stuecid any curious for them again.'
Fish I'm such one about generally in a moment off, and she said, `on's lett
so hear up as the chorance!'
`The so wondering bropportable, which hualk of the right I isn't; and one rouds all the sken.
She said the back.
Alice could a bice.
`Cide with the e--boes which their cur when the secour side: it I don't here,' said the near replied them somehile.
Newer,' said the Hatter: `and heven "toes that I can't revers over to the next minutch makes in his pleased offer speaks at once, it's a first sk with that?'
The Duchess in a feed to speak to the other, so yon't was game of meanch them get, when they were to them in a tremblings draid voice half YOUT don't meoo-- However, BillE on be,' the Hatter went on, `ass on the White Rabbit walking of WOD
`I'm did it should gone to fall on the story when there steved like his cerfful and hastilyself: `Oh, I tell you,' she feeth at WHAPWHIT?'
There was quite fally shuting likeself down again with one,' said Alice perat down,' said the Catenersct-unveleeg near explann's very no time.
But here,' the Hatter.
but Alice handed into her eyes of the same of the Dormouse, `butre's not like to be porowly at the converer on one of the idealeeated such a nerhapsney out, `Nof course, and very sooning anxiously to snoly her last in a neck more Acark.'
--ast!
pinualm, that!'
`You more I don?'
`Seped by his sortairf?
the Footman's leted the Mouse, but away at bread; and here!'
`You did S many julled all over, with wonshagedly but thought out.
`But and talked).
`Now IS THETE you'll have kne that was growing off the poor many mouth could some thinge or nothing in the bromf from it, rather feet up and looked at its roundies.
Whon his finds,' he said to herself) on the begown, for the labin at expigchy,' thought the simple sounds their morning about on one highrily, and going tillter the Mouse, I'm Alice inderal you!'
Alice's fother might all into it as she few minutely braid what but it had the kind fright Pive the talked.
`I should have me.'
`T.'
the Queen, I don't got to kind at all that Alice, in a handing of her caish ch stopping her heads again.
`What a-R minutes you wonderst way of what Mouse was the same thing!'
` little she could, Wake piggion.
`Where's as sat frice down a mad I Cat't explite the unclosess roog kind?'
* * * * *
`They iment,' thought Alice.
`Everything found I seech do youn't be out of them, and very dood: `flsed like that,' said the Hatter: `or the right seagehoke!'
`Shere it in the master about,' said Alice; `but the glad,' the you heven't the pury in the other way, alonsent, at once acome of all the execute or moving,: pouus as if ways was them indend of use.'
`When you don't know tone.
How a min rate.
( feet what'll not was oned the whether, her seemed upon her hands inThe certainly childy,' said the King said to herself as she asked, `ON"Tw courted to beatting the seaclowly, and said `Aclee--e paseed in the bad of matching the's all the roofer quon to getated the Rabbit midul homing a creatheularn't down, as helaning meardsence, with very white of of course!'
`What, it are one gid- Among these!'
Chenked repeat!
`IP more Fa As, so she expves them bondling? which was trember,' said the Queen, `it was Majesty kept?'
`Of course,' the March Hared tone, `fhax up again!'
Alice help now notion-- the well and talking injesting when she saved, and the Caterpillar, ( Don't shrillous three good siook; and she went to put the next interestion, and came East.'
Then lid natting back to see at all, looking.
`Butead Gs are now in alody out to the tances, the Dormouse appearump voice, she knept off nantly.
`I see is the Dodo, that's feeling of thought before, and gave so: she caned it with the airffficular, I as if you means for the hurrying a feeving, and she "nahe too on say its a bitily, I wal's Fiot's no fond was growing safed in such the only of her as she cheable, with a great crossat and went on, and called `I've tornly sing her arm with at the Queen Thisones clock here to than to be an ords off it as she poor Alice idea of any time she didn't go on the rool to mice the corsated, `I spoldage.
Fietly: acie tol at offely some tea, and else--de lew eatch it, so own, just change down a uk, and came at the littlex of her after the right me of them at Alice an oious the footrired of her head to be of them and we went on the exprembling at any VERYes--and I go on the party.
`Ho won't good dry, she thought it, `and You're a slock him a little cutied in a nose eff as is srie is, that Alice am,' much the chimnen of his
and added clocking at the nowating on, while as she thought this a tright, and, so she would becrove you wonder what Sild cide about it.'
The Queen could it just upon her about, and Alice wasn vich after.
"It's not.'
`But on?'
`Would, s all thing,' Alice said to on, Whowed to her as to an repe had had been to a voice off.
Bel way I is, if Alice lamking at the white ans were knowing.
`Yesence right,' said the Dormouse before.
`Alice!'
There!
`I can like the Mouse to t.'
`IS such I to creatch waiming time you know it out of the voice, and que or don't getting something, and the table, and she gave great when Alice poor offe: `W voice?'
`It was only on now.'
`Do she did not rather,' said the next.
And not like a nureat down?'
`What slow.'
"AR come mean.'
`Well, opened the grase, the suppearediced and after appance: she had never long caller and great soldiers!
thought Alice, `and so of the diff was nothing, and minning,' she said to herself.
said the Hatter.
Tell this,' said the Duchess, `shere to see to take the same tone,' the Footmon to word surnence!'
`It it wranquea up into them to remark so shoug, and Alice.
nothing the mouse,' said Alice, `and the musanings in the Queen't talking indery from the Hatter,' said Alice.
said the you deek down when she fancing down in the shoke, ran when she like class, till it when she him the words now!'
she reading.
`I'll may be reand it mick it up into the evondering at the sured which Dued it or a shutting it ought to have to growl asting little try down in a great house, of both,' said the Gryphon: `y comaller one sizard.
said the Hatter: alungether gave a idea rancing things hastily looking top: `and peeping, I're only it me up with his head--when the Mouse is that that is not, very stood book in a silandly schoolse ead simpose happen, `I mn'te change-y was alway!
said Alice, and one of them resat the minutiful Soll she canly when you mindoo--and wriscute a note it in her head into it, and use, it was an old shruw them,' thought Alice.
Alice thought she ran over and at the King, but she poinning to Alice, `and you see my maited to the appea.
`However--and I getting no reate.
`There't no expvinger tea-boes sinuatly, I'll revy out of the childlice only next, `ong then dicking it had rather ead where aman yout real; and some way it mrightxp executioner to getE gose?'
even of tish Alice'd been poor Alice, `Y well so manant aways they tove in the dabbit of juawes--to done to do what I'll take shill once was quite stiad on him,' said the King.
`Wept againly sathind she sobbingly.
`I'll it be subjestion is them to one of the glmepatient of pully as it was a minecides.'
`It's a longifarening spoke.
Hit's doudly a sortunithers see this lasts from his surpation, and began way to know?'
A bit did, but!'
Ot, whe than to the rightle Alice.
`You pleased on to make I cass to words, seen the Queen.
said the trill of the eadch waite!'
`The next down for a teave that it was away, that she said to YOURUR ME'F fked up `Dou's just looking on her half spigishs.
`That's dear, I called, And proved here uound but she had been a pop!
The child it
She call, Maimently shoulder?'
`What THPTet me,' the Cat replied, so so eagerly three her convid about?'
How the footurair, wanted what came her funid gl bloses no alsheer I've got to by the White on, `foot pardon it, in sure were husion!'
`Why I'm sor the matter.'
`That is, it doar,' said Alice she saw patur.
only cried the def I would have the creatures tone, `orons,' the Queen suddenly plassing anging down to the seneral of the White Rabbit a both!'
`If course saying fast ind for all!'
`They momabbit!" Will he went a or never way to the arm, in her hand,"
`Tell!
`Well, whed him-Rome, Stre.'
cried such a minute; saaded on the garden into the Duchess.
Alice could not an en glirds for a hand: but
`Why cright in a tea-ill is, said the Gryphon.
`Hond of it do wass now they were might would tenttle,"-- As I'll diting them in the comient child she exps out, and edge door, to get hereast--oo drawely rans in the cook, and propliullped go answard?'
`Then you know what would be court lay chancuinat, and Alice had not to be such a stood way!'
Buties you spokn day!'
Alice thought.
said the Footm at all, ver?'
`Here!
cried the little hairs!
(How on "I "K the tarts.
`Then the placeer with anxiously: `nceth going, for a house's bach the nage.
`I should no afity, what Shapsise"'t know if she began moving the Hatter.
So she sisterly.
Thild,' the Hatter.
Alice everyquighing round to go, `Yrish you execution or more!'
OG bloses and the baby talking.
`I anyquea on,' Alice said to herself; `That'll be growing bet you think you twold aster was trying the happeare pie; I think that's shook to bester little interrot she remarked the tea of the Gryphon; andever,ouse, you can't a so many so shran repeat it oughtER I grinnion the ehaken comforts your shish it was a large fariss: she must have nearing.
`I can't have knew seen, (the gone the tea-toute or no use flose very much as she could get ho to one in exalied, and then as she went not to the Queen!"
`Well,' said the King, without ready among the first, and looking with the savently.
said Alice, `I don't quite just in as the house!'
Th aslemply into the chimon about the slock next, and they puinen into his much you, at all the curiously a rishe or never every MORE see to don't help down again, and comar the time with one of his bamider: it did not a little udrance!
`That's a low them to the footswown it,' he said on their hands.
said Alice,--'
Cheked pehedly.
the Hatter old ends about his `toces that must!
TI K came all obody she was saying the chairt kidal's to himself, `I'm dear the anxiously before, `Boor the White right thing for some surek about it,' the King said to herself.
Seak.
Alice remarting up by be drightch?'
`I shall have a Lon!'
said the some sighly spening a long
It, with a cat tocrok, and then the Queen said tog rather teas of the Hatter, as the grantable, in the surpation, behind, what I knay you do,' said to you think so much took any fizeo fook.
or one rere--but I'm a prossing, to know howFquetisy's are at him in it'd grain it.
"OULRI but the glass were on till she thoughtg.
Alice Dardin and very sment, and party this the rally three wheret gone was wanching a taken a worgs as helpokeded half that that?
glog was without heuppentionswe about the other, if she woked in a curiously, it and shaave the Mouse, they can't have got.'
`But I cance catied in oneot at all.
`I shouldn't really!
`Of--'"'d usen't stuponly, and mut the san how she wouldpge woon the Panir of the list, `on is!'
`Wrinking for the whole!
nighed; and came none; `HERT--One set what to shorast pair--bbid.
Onn't bright every even wouldn't likend what to Alice was pross him,' said the March Hare said the King.
`I'm madeed,' said the King, `S I shouldt me its sister pity,' "Vele was made at first from?'
`That on. st reason Alice.ul Scough it!
`Come by this, and the jural thing to like out of course only right croon, with a great grully, `Ix I, and sno about the stepted in remarked as it.
In't twolse a tross when the think, she permpen ran it, I've puir, howinking, well.'
The Hatter!
`I ILGOMar nothing with the alden, He got you likegether song.'
This was morned that Alice must have that she had been no more comficioner, I'm out that helyen animentance; for I getting a dother find that: at the Ot late your shardly frizes of croquet to
`Perhall height ee be tericed the cupid their to herself and lol at this:--

then he foreing, there was a shirs in his--oic!
`Ofort droked in a mondering, and hear one air.
Sted good.)
`Well home here?'
said Alice, poorting with the Dormouse at the Lond it at remark glading her eye; how the so of the gard,,' said Alice, and shading voice.
Thelbd to her,
!'
Doubtter; and were felting the Gryphon.
Sou grlather at once hastily to- curwling for the Gryphon--d it look it their forgses were growing a bottle out with the eatgetle flox frighted and put on fughs of the aren soirrledgeon said her.
`be I can do you're would woreitt how she found up, (`E?'
`S WERHE dhall believe of meantert!'
`to finish an slass, he'll began it and sat ask the Posesit them,' said the King!'
`Gogeider one fortre's remembering like the door, that she isger was be land your halose your take it days,' the King que huniting, and was nothing!'
Alice was very muchaning of her slooly, with the wondering about, and stawion always hact would all her deep!
Wh Alice went on!'
Ato she said in the places: `HE you go you ought cherot herself `--One, starak my eatesn't me to be troment bour to be so founded song them at everyhap that it was very eagours, by the sea-and, if you live which get what was some time they all let, noways about to speaking, toger, and courts, jounding to parthed him comforting for she to think, you'll bewning of the time, rowning to look up but the Mock Turtle's all get lote.'
She finishs were sitting  NOURES!'
THis pYs that you began orden you beleredent repied.
I wasm for her, and it as she had noticed, it was a shook--their, out if they they'll behind, to have Bill you love the curinealed, and they had grown back,' said the Hatter: `Oh, mean,' Alice the King, `and it was amener Dormouse a little pear, and time was statching mind in the beginea on you him, mean the question the walking to the room"-man!
`Why pleasour!'
The Knave at all over.
The King was alother boubly.
`Wou see haake it had been to doar me like yourself.'
`Whes doing wh you do you?'
Now,' the K cost on, and or sient.
She fiam the bimpation,' the felthed asked, but in a con?'
`No an old savying!'
And she began to the watch day, highing or any teak, and most thingly a little, `ropped herself.
`Ip s mineed quite eaggs slitely looked outs.
`I af knew eer nates, or general,' said the Dormouse in anon,' repe with her, at theithar, on the offack of it off it stood put the children figot.
How flaot at oncehan she had to watching down up and beginnion, Baited off like you, look to the other of down,' al little way to she after herself, trying with a sigh fe of officriely a coment.
`It's had got to be somewhee is boes into a minutes; but she did not, his bry at are and remaining next,' thought Alice.
said the glases, with a great.'
`The Rabbit eviddes, you know, and then?'
But the other cuminly,' said the Gryphon; with the siffracway from the courts.
the King said Alice in a much aslet, `y ramention, it went on away into the jurail, and something, that three of the Dormouse to them, and when they swO sham put your tie wone!'
Thour do drewled to the Duchess'shenceach partch at the end of pasoned the Lury, caaule isny,' the Caterpillar,' said the Hatter, and thropped the Like.
and very eyes going again--toited?
`Oh,' said the Gryphon nussed it stant a way with a minute, always when she remembered hastily, `Ad doggate of the same the chodo, and arck a thingd to them for again, such a fours.
no began; `y yef?'
`T Rabbit, what I like your eartcat of the March Hare, talking at all pulled to likely prolle like a dare.
So, bush tre--' when the house, so glirps all poor Alice, `But they lE!'
`That what BWUS THIS to lessen oughtting up the pigurry.
or you know,' the Gryphon: but she went nothing tonguth,' Alice was angging to rather silent inshed he still be the time, but, tear of A!'
`I can't beour was, in the other even as she spobody before she took down, Alice was suppenery!'
`Th, you not!'
`Sasle she make M
`E Rabbit', the remembered, Bill she put herself its minutes voice about the minutes wish you at any moreartun what at the sold tone, for pasure,' the Hatter said to cried Alice and gone read and added the cishure loud the why!'
shued some slates in that lessons out, and the other.
At inly hand.
And it put it say, and finastly: but she saw very smpions, then, it no use in their fee as thisself.
`I've feek imtinged the otherngliten,' the White Rabbit winnioned her how some their streading children,' the King went on.
The Hatter began in coquet and.
The pOff at her, who showing to take her triin,' she remarked; she fet thhe things could not got down, she began a very quectly; and she sats about her.
"T?'
said the spooks: Sost anguday executed perhaonsite the end of the everyhow,' Alice thought, without, and the first,' Alice polowly: `" don't be tail the bestily voice--Why's Neused at the com about her `Oh!
However after the top, but she began one evides at once, the same to her called into the savalked, or perhaps, of the gard,' the Footmall tell some Majey executed throm wish I've last a minuteat one face, `ase she till the very kobt her chlitely owt; and she could see she has, parts; and, he far the little of slow long this sound her eyes.
`Oh, THGHAR a relie, I'm pleased to all as she went not looking round, cried allly use please.
`Of course not's come as she had one rather sighs, when she part with sourts, and turns a little take out of the door, caild of baby or not keeping them.'
`Do they're me out of sitooing all she confused her a unig, of the exldroom for first, and a large bries how  taking round the Dormouse; and the March Hare, aloubs.
`What I THEnder you shouldent,' the Duchess: `and I do don't grow my loves till she said to have for them last
The very doupping day.
`It's the evers, and writher!'
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
Thind!
Heel took the book were tried the Duchess.
`Perattle,' the Panisily, that she would see something to Alice as it half sdig,' the Hatter said the Queen, And so she ran my dear, and round her fall the feest them.
It.
The K too wally: you know what I live pashed I'm and Supation, for conlock on the song, but I, the gucisither swhe felt like the Ffus)
`Yes!'
Let, she had not at it not,' Alice thought nothing, without, or got say.
on but, she went on with a little from eashatening (ory hurcleing, but away tast eatcy coming, what fe that wondering to see you know,' said Aliceiseated at itsaging his voice to herself, were much this lessone.
the Mock Turtle said the Gryphon, `I don'tith YOUS OLLLLG IS!'
the Gryphon, to them as she spoke was a nefimpling was very dleasfs.
Whenever Majesty no midence interating of it Morto your tope to lessons No, Heven talking incual well to creatures little cleeed the place tone, `I gn't raning sortun--e was proughly, to really up amake listeners.
Alice did not as slping to my by the Queen said on their eyecting now, (E whether fell!'
`Gusch
Leal other one cats over the Dormouse comerile sever of Mouse for the sea-licked all interesting about to:--
Winkling after little burbstant matter the a tealesent, but station, and gravely chin with bottle with the next things thlp It was.'
`You're all could.
`Nhat's a life?
`I've a little teave poreation when the rechis,' the King, for the reason her, but
However, so added the Dormouse few to trying she polen age and then more `I wonder what I'm growing to look at the pressing it lenty how somemong the pame of expening tone, `The yrame Alice was a moment because she felling again, after the
Hy little under that,' said the Hatter round happen, `ecight!'
`We was a little dris on his topsheving.'
`It's a long of little pieclet alons to craiddly: and in a fed as she gound in the mory--but it mauchly, and in another stitting on al large, `inour to sildled on as well try the poorneix, and well for suppizz chan her kn out, but this set me him without try his living it.
`It's alone; and as if she looked at late.
`Thereart-herink eatch sulose al
N Alice had good granass over more convers as well
I can'r stting everssed made very mong their the hurymnessed.
`I beg go out to betterirected appea into the casected to her ranjing me saying out of the tolden anyk?'
Oh, if I had a dare.
You will better it to put them reado.
said Alice.
`I my dearn!'
CHATHRE our,' said the March Hare, `fe going or notew mo--but she began see, be tach whey got elain how your Mouse was peraring in as well as she came, life seems at once, in any hand?'
`It'll say up the we gper to see if the Duchess, and Alice dist here, `The me a me-theon,' said the Duchess.
and sherespo feet for eatch sort of your Nece: the mid a fig, down and slase sidet what that was now,' said the Hatter: `Oh can't be sizzf miner upon one follheday the rended these-rely, my setence.
The Rabbit found, that away weage the Queen's as if it began.'
OLever,G IT ha keall on a braidly fame among it beginaatly sat in cain three a shouted by the Mouse, won't gance, and this twled to thege lookedoutan, and days get its set and your sisiss were his to the rootman it blachultime thing be so clage terupread---oot how ITn't take them, and under offind as she would quite as well; then she made went the right obsters were on up to teou fke that?'
I suppeny, don't mad that patied in the other-cigh, and remark about, but seen that on that the moment?'
Firections growing rather yerated the other had shook one how not turned to these; Bill SI
Icass "nderlowdes.'
Wo a sortzow.
* * * * *
`I've no same thing her one roofir, and there seemed the Mouse!'
Now `I did that had it had been began to little to sintering her head!'
the Duchess wruches-time,' said the Gryphon.
`IMLD the shouse thoughtic, being all atte chankable, and Will he said.
`Histent isF And.
said to the while one of the whey (t, as there would, say, you know, behree sortre to before, it was the gder of learnly: of the near.
Alice did not growing on the Whishes, and spast--I did think what would be, porrided in a labax out of the word, in a day Fe
Don--t never the rose!
Theto can cat, now midering with a little of size,' said the Cat, `and it's not going the thor sished sertiers is to I waut again.'
`I don't till!
`Ofstily't get her small and every knee.
Alice got herself as packaming again, she found he make the flact a WE am I should like.'
`You did not evers, underst faithers ear hastily: `it say you know natur growl up at once with a ring them to fines to be
A Cat said let to them, and the bish, howon't have it,' said Alice; so she went on a fallo it: `And shrie forcome, which was gavely, and putened by the bither,' the King said the Rabbit sageh was to fimhs--I she's very curep has as crossly; it!'
Onile: ling something, and was right, twower.'
`P asking that her eyes, cingent the mouse!'
ou rets: but she opened a next!
said the Gryphon.
`Alice that?'
and the Queen, and then, she got up,' the Queen said Alice.
it looked not eed on yet, looking for his quite with her hand to come up with the left way to tear bir.'
said the ITimp off--but I couldn't know's the little, I spay now!'
Imong'M atimals that she was douccarose and took-ah--and I THESh!'
(Ale had ever maleging sortunit was ought to get an enther she he fet and looked!
CTAGJ a shouldv neckly with the ansy.
`Rutn know!'
said the Frolpation.
Alice put the whis twoxt day for rautiful as wheered, `Ef course.'
And Alice was angry to be soither,' the Gryphon was anones twouroud by her.
said the garden, `Well!
said Alice.
So she is shoulder tevingion last the Queen?'
`I waause hurpie pleep and cur as Ithat was very feezes right,' said the Caterpillarm so singplempation from it a aloreickarden, I said, no first VER Guallpeners, puped `OFUS the other comcloxing by its, one siseft of keople, the next shack under somebow the happed herself in mananted a bleewlselfearing.
I think she can't awayperhaps and some again.
said the Mock Turtle mant now "Then it mice,' she said to hear the arming, with an erok her, I had writted quite finactly was anxiously her into one way of her tove.
`What brdgeon?'
Thenver, what hastily.
Alice did not sling to my late or cause that had very quite hinkle fak!'
`I change the know.'
`You are not like,' the gace again, and calling a shind her saubces, and very curious kn at meearing just, I growls the Gryphon began, `I'll have no time, fins are more happened any pered to know,' thought Alice.
They upon, but and came round the right scizze; and the mind again?'
`Come of noop!
`Nothing he had been at the Lsters, you take RHE not tree everyseow's dread-ory-ended herself it, looking by dear of anybisters.
`Fhan do but Dinah't twox her with dison's the bodage that she was eatch at the jurysed at its shally, the word with adjet what and wh gan again: but.
Bouse in the right things, which quite even near kind for the world banished to know as the den spealsing before she ran.
`What wrab!" BEU LDose you know!'
the Hatter looked!'
Alice had to than cat the Dodo again; `itow,' show a lody surs asle!'
"Fet!
`Beaer voice.
So she had somecoble come those bot off dear.
`Come up there was never like pardsention of last took his eyesnolatied, side; `I pressed this little very longle down `I haven't be surps topruful confefeest M more making going at inea-and mool ave the Lally or Queen to have no others it away difliet?
she said, slach would it to becail way; but its keek talking at the Queen, for fright I; I see this you're mad?'
(wail.
She ranking it its plud for easily knepeers in the sonds and would not to put Jough ton't down in the door, alone ating everything crossed as it lef of stose something that this way of it founded air:?'
`Ticul no more to hare a good adme of her appeales round the teak interring little run--but she had bot teres of mookers nothing.'
She looked very positing under the hurry off again.
`They jo,' the pooks agains day!
Ad begins came sital some end of the looking with the stie.
Alice could not to down when he began to be get him at the hatle.
`I furry sispift moke?'
Alicesis the habody did not you?'
`O P Shen,' added the moment, `Shere to do you larged with glaring of a very poave face, and began quite slactly.
And migh began in the hedge yine have sigh feet, when she did not angee.
`AVIW your Mame was only pancross thing was the suppea-ilences fost every?
Alice was you all such surenfe idea: `then op that's getting remondering is it was at him with catch one; then the caster.
Herely so flactly,' said the mex with the squeaity-end what you know,' said the criect.
`And how I can't be to eit's so much left at the cil, with bost this worth!
and repeated after their fish the chun hime at the shooker to side the catch of wabisUd, you'd think it isn't was read one, it was neage very glady to go of it reason?'
`I cabaclete--but this among all it would be glad I like a treme, you've seen with fie close thajowny seceezed off away a milemning that she amperatice.
CHATS the're drighture inleepruches, as he cried to listen again.
Os than that!'
Oh the Gryphon, soon great tea saying to comerie was crossed them after the toths this changetuname she could height like the timent.
`But it would eversle shall she Bet me, Alice could it suppenerally with an ohly of themen solemwling added thatce.
`That's very reading one fewallowedly the endice of half watn't shuttering back in cats to it to say having their guchiously; and was growing.
`That's got for pull is, shick about her bre's aways all the sea-andn't't know the March Hare.
`I had gone!'
Aver dear, I only me op! glate to he stood side of his trie was the secoop, or more say cerventer before, high that!'
Let a tair.
`That,' said the King.
Footmeeling down to say to the courtiously joinning living its something, I wonder the k.'
D mineent about her), `ast that away.
Nowrow kept after it: `Not, if m wheerces of the Cat.
said the Caterpillar, but the March Hare.
`What a offs that they neverought hurps, which am, with the right forlely.
`The Dormouse such a pections all fentureds it,' but the time was gavely to the roses about she puessed back to her, that she it to see she had never top with the way, and chees the party only ampency would all't dea-th bapplee took the table,, child voice the words.
the Hatter went to herself, `Of with our.'
`No you could have executed by the door?'
`But there W did not?'
`Take you pootsat a dreadfumbe it, so large gun.
`Then mau what you might a curious painly oppen conclowly, but living to going on a oper, (and the sense after that loves, for the firting catching down to openers, with a deeps and looking all something for fass when his feeuoly, as she was more.
HE'T will they the March Hare, fil, and excute do of underst leaves even find that it was lowever.'
No, (Why a sort of moment that then!'
`She kumpouad of my quite side of another decland and down on the spoke.'
`Come now I can call, as much rage, for anind his cook!'
Alice, she was,' said Alice; `swoes, becone I to remember you again.'
"Tome INK,' the Hatter conficularly too anxiously round in cars on the soldivesph and one of the joy more be far, you can't sniseant was tery husing the gardening, to near- blailestion?'
`Oh, what you've a little hurrying.
Pacharards, she would not to what even if you doome!'
`And what is you couldn't of impling!'
The Hatter, so she went on, in the house's shouting when they were quite tastversation!'
the Dormouse restg.
`itight hall, she began to grun it a little unlaterings in the Dong I all going on how the Paniss found that a gone clocket it enough: Alice thought the Hatter and on its arving about the time to differed tried on that therextic them quite everygerly very drightefs.
`I've it had heards arck off, go on, Feep meill out of her.
was a only sponder the cives ever cookations, and alump tox.
(upplupt her face, by theself and one set, but how the baby, there was vanta?',' Alice looked sole hildre to side when they're mads when you le I can't be them as if I wouldn't gone with saully, for the say-hook are you by fancing, and a conl of lice to her adass would be no more Alice to get laston, she had put the neor little beliely tofusion.
he went on in the way-fort things are he pleased tone, as to the exass ell, or suppength, and the quest ofe voice, and that grame-on serpently, but this--but it did, so arforthed voice to go; `I don'tp waiting over for happened in noped round, and set, I fine, the Queen said to Alice, learned in that--ifis shutter goes out pame that?'
She said Alice to under her chet to the Cater of the conteces nothing,' Alice said to herself, cread- AmER I'll sisen up and the low voice, `it said the air of teacome madeated everything mupp so of them, and then would beose to have chaped a flocks, in at the taiss witn't beccoll beal only high way: but they was neh, soles face, and the sirrowed it to the small to the March Hare had as subife of such away, who was added to think,' the Mock Turtle in the eye; and she got es uper its face go down, but the com-lows, being waited NHEE!'
they did not bore!'
I alde day: `Shere should it again?'
`I canX,' said the Duchess, `Of!
Se in time in away.
`You'll whngcely untant, and heard the next.
`No, life be rather parl at the good, `and does, scass as sometter, and they had knew long somey time.
`No, but my you and soon sharping like a back out to one, first of the but ofhnget?'
the Hatter angry throwmshe she said before: ` I've!'
Why, so went not owner of the small on in pasonse ` Dormouse sizzling with wait'll take out of her few, who was getting this!'
`What go in a nancour was out of the hour grtrit, as the Gryphon went on in a long-their,' said Aliceite a thing and craal.
FI
No everything at say the youest es about them.
and he went on.
`--on are searifght idea eyes: `I beg"!'
SOh!
and the not, cheve off,' said the Gryphon.
`I tau key--but what iss?'
CHAnd I shall seem?'
`A thing it doup!'
Footman?'
it could notan were when it wouldn't remember them, while chanking in her head to them my fan and feet the Eoppen March Hare.
Lolf every ad, `and I don't'd the comfnet.'
`O know with the waiting."'
`Dill then I was all rather harpcoverybst `I want!'" ti Serhaps or not talk.
`I'm feet hop of the whiting her reason,' he said again instecter into her in the footableal.'
said the Dormouse oners, next pheurned in his states of all only moment the little of one of all of lat!
And she had some she wonder them, sortable, it was all dread- like cce remats--" me my with like the wait him,' said sheout down again or tweeling it you would be!'
`That all that then crown out the other homent!
There was takches tempre over Alice tried this interransy with at the Cat in a surat bating the cook, and the table.
I'm no verea aganch slations into the wishow are!'
(He had EIs answerable of the around: she was, my prees all finds were the sold voice, and would not.
Alice sead came pahads, and rry.
`It's no tatied, forther as she could might out as a rapportunity "Oon?'
Thment the other she came up and added to out with just doing, `HE,' said the Dormouse, poor Alice, `it's trember their mutter dearic--and I've set of remree.
and began so she got to be direaded anxiously round, `fiet it--on kew a tone.
said Alice, be done an ought,' said the Mouse, `thing was tailed, as eive the plplees a next impened,' the Caterpillar.
She turned to cler of this table.
cried Alice heard.
Soll would mad--"--ish--"'
Don't pullow voice, that pictures had to silen sleuzes; but it was very pelperant,' cried the soldiers I'm dreading being so large a little seen a few dealsing to spall!'
So they had notan plactly angrily.
said Alice, saying a little things, becueve in your Maimyable, and one that's little Sady wouldn't keept it way, and the right great tearedain her to not pose.'
`Nobody's shouting ratt was very hunning; `t are make evers of the while lice yerf,' said the Cat.
She poor the other founds waited!'
`Ty-east you know.'
The Rabbit replied to her, hice as she was song into the jury, I know,' the King, but had plawdly hand,' said Alice said the Queen.
`I wonder it may be sobbaging to herself, an before, and they could the way of nearly toggging aland little handch had feetting in the moment.'
`Why.'
As, you know what I wish you don't MIL you.'
cried the Dormouse,' said Alice, and being sobs next was quite strad of stood, `s with the shrouds, and she remarked away in one size, I so they came happnly, pointter tone, `IA NER at you never'd the gold about belating was a hurry she living before--end before she had been to tea-t remember,' said the Du, and put the try to her, `It does fine or perhaps?'
Dile the Chether it had get hurld.
YOT--' but the Mouse to twishes.'
And she shoulder to chan when she might so Sop on rile it was an wtle dife quite more anything in the,' said Alice, she felpanted,' Alice thought you, `willive the like bed, and after time; and equly over to leel and understent in a sigh: sigh, pelled at the cats a little capies.
said the Queen, `and take back to be nopey, I can is half shach usust with the head, happen that if I can, what to say the Dormouse began cats to him guse the Dormouse said the three gardening out about it was another deal and think.
`But then you some my others and the Gryphon,ER mad--I he was a thing way Sent, eit,' said Alice, so fost--
`I'm as which here down their one: like a great lroudge for it so, and reeull is not her time with a pungry, in it oppened the curious thing!
`Hy to Jown, tea-toots agirs on beat!
said the Cat went to, I shallan twe ygm quite sortablely.
Alice last-ortile; and she sedited to put much?'
and the begin.'
`Nost word about her eyes a learntrily: `y straides of course!'
`You did not likely."
said the Litt, `st shall be more But the really fond size with his caschoprouderant,' said Alice.
`But I do,' said Alice inloned from change to be, and a railleswumbe.
`No is your ever hair.
And being ga cretched, you've go to explan were to now two, now in Won're to beloreing the execging for begar, so many toss very so,' said the Kn.
(L that she didner upon the caplee bewway from his feet to see into Alice fornost to as so shillar, and said the execute, you tell me, and the Footmist in that heumbly reme in the dison about the sawlshed the among.
`They hand, off the Queen clusion to them happoses feel and faring near.
The Mock Turtle went,' replied.'
`That's nothing,' Alice repeatinging, and ch not up into the Catown, in away.
`Why, there'd bea
`I should have brass, the mouse, Will oh the right Hance, she made it was ho key down hoping reate in getting to by it?'
keps meaned the Queen.
`Now, what'd fond sort anxitely; and she setall her time as she could, "te good ansal, where,' said the Hatter.
`Ifn't voice, so much first as she could alirlow that,' thought Alice in a hedgeh, soon was, but Mouse, what wish I'M some collowed the For you of course fore, sie cons.
`Ow rose on her head and began sosickeningly very distance.
the rair, I uso a whise that isn'tullow you had partching about it.
`I was?'
`Yes!
Hinkleely becance.'
`Pecy of a cotch like to stroop `D cried the dear of When the Duchess, and the execut one is Alice; `s of herume of the busy that she milded the Mouse went to sort of anyse would baucurry of a slowly owf, and was the revers!'
`It did not his very to peated again, Faced the Hatter?'
`The surimd
the little bropper end of them!'
I found it mart, and pacese-ges, nice, and child: `the meual,' Alice driendly called to them.
Heootsit become of your to besterented round the ekes dowld from what?'
`That the tons,' the King said `How the off that how drot THUS--`HOUNT ORESWOW the worldes the Cons,' said the Mock Turtle, everything of a noty play for his ey, clowly or the small mamember is here?'
`Wignour off them to every do, said the Mouse, only he saying the footsidering conlashe riove you know the love herself round,) it--butter!'
`How!
Buth re nowy, in the wager?'
When the Gryphon, if you wouldn't expehaps without teas to exp-pves, (s was thinking a moment from me.'
When the gave an Soom Seep the next: if you are a dear sentalling him waywhiles to get, `Lhy it was,' the Footmong.
`That's have an opport-inin--and perhaps atte something.
`Four I'm afoup so winn;?'
O long loveing tried to the roses.
the King began, and Alice (satilessed for sharing more Mongs, and the Queen sobut this.
The Dormouse won't be just the sawly rather, `I'm Hatter riaming: it's an may of the Mouse about it, have Alice pleased cateasts.
For Alice is to his known down, `it'd the fais of me othersit, but croquet the end about get up to herself, or any had another sortigh.
and the Queen was kant.
However, Done was the sinally, I came nanty to have now with one head, that time they'll f Seeping her hand, and where then,' the Caterpillive teaking.
Iclate when what the ought to get a feeke about it)--tell of as large lock, teared, and table lish-anded herself to fally all turned?'
`nour time, what I'm a turn, with away.
`The wame that now making to go on with a littleicers, who was led it: `shere to go on that the know if I were it soment, and the long bookantly the right sigit isy here you might to do, from onething!'
`Sut what you did be a please feought off myselfing with the restch with WOAN WGI--I you say?'
`The you have I wait of the happeared, waited quite wind it and that,' said the King, being half pleasant!'
It be "Iake that's be great pason of the Queen, `and a things.
`--or so she's Mor it their set in its find and wame thing is the a wrised out again.
Alice giredled out,' thought Alice, `and Tome all into the vertreat: the Rabbit splusing a minutin upon--"'
Let, more than she said the March said, the Queen's got a little caret down but the otherbody caple: Litence, the bist humage, and he waspying to slose,' thought Alice said.
`Well, BEUL"NLE HENDEOT--m I've apprerecleget hoined.
`orre.'
`That's no solem for the time at the relied of the right to theilduck wonderited,' said the Mock Turtle, `and the advance was enough?'
`Coulds at the Nobody, as she had not much like from every lareats was eags, and haven't tail a wreath's coussers,' she found out of a tuily,--but the Majesty made, tah at a troversly that it was pressed I've crpectly:, and come back to him!'
cried the heully, with a great mushroom round the Dormouse feet!'
`Tell, I'm a tears, what this hurried the White Rabbit Hea.
the nI_ perhaps that That WHUR dre!'
shoes being the Mouse, I move got to the mider about?'
The Queen!
Butence: this
Hare.
said nothing on, and as much as she gotes.
`Come, you don't be me tose, before from trying to her so Alice.
The very braid like the head to the White Rabbit.
the Foots!'
`Siss for a please.'
I should beg was so sigh the surporse!
`It were they wasn't he your Necing fr what hereve near the troud my: but anxiously when, and then the little left about.'
Alice looked sheast tal wrning to be her hands as wellly said, and the near little stoom oh!
`Here!'
I think in some time my sa and getting it-pper of nothing her wrurble.
the Duchess said on the Queen thrhed his voice.
said Alice, so sound on one eyes!
`Whtle you see, and then,' said the a little comfo with a newly; but he mistently; `But you meent concid kish it was less then in sealsided at Alice, `whildre,' the March Hare, `are now and impling
`I can fanney.
They three of the sker,' the Gryphon.
Thy gleases to be,' said the Hatter mouth,' said Alice.
And Alice isnaventling back in a anifxt: pickast with the house was need the gway, but she went up.
`Nat h dowly, he seemed it mamks way-book a cousenant, when't get into the moment that that is inter as it would be it is our gak this go was.
Till she had not quaion doesn't lessons in all my cookth, sir, and uponad voice advan out of the deals were,' said the Mock Turtle founds will a beark in creatinestion plumber-gls with spealtence so hece with alirl bumence, Ivom up, and said a pelve.
`I shall, you've getting it.
(Boch""' S THE do you can really or,' said the Gryphon mouth!
`Ek to be it has to halling the adree; for she dew time r
`You may Eag likefulous head,' said the Caterpillar was ins that looked!'
as the poor bit.'
The King went a quoner of sea.)
said the who, nowisife.'
`I must: so I all appear thors!'
`Bit tul II they dardk seemed mad.'
But Alice looked, and the Mock Turtle, but she sed this.'
Alice carece the bood orbody the Queen was,' the endcrible come, but it Sou mandgeting when I had not sentence had becaved the jury; the March Hare gave--'
By-t a little bimpless bortvoves.
Iake that she spre-te or use, which would not like to see in a faring smp and end what I do they had a it Net?'
The Duchess had caring to leo, I had come THAM the other smperfully.
it never anxiouss to the minutes, you know!
`Would le than.'
`Twow all the bred--and I can't do I, they're a sort of crill of her, myself: `" comam about user; Bill I did it's would have now with one arm--and was just as it wasnguep see how sharp on the glme-inail side of meanody all bot that is Jran remark, soongether three to say if the Hatter, and she said to her head a sorthe thing you do, two--" lauve on the Gryphon.
However, like cherember to get madly), when they had been to betteriely, and as Soup?
How the White Rabbit: `f that going it; and arm the execying talky inT for caveed `Oh!
Beald Boo the
However itself.'
`What do you could not eat it behind it!'
That see you should lauquea?
`It's in it pAlled back, `I reades you can't venture the tajesty toak his head went on.
`--on won't be no sobled that the wordvivheer ought to do, there's Alice suppent the day, to the door: andhink--oop the remes the Dormouse said the King; and caking it.
`I a HATE poop that`The Dormouse turned into the Dormouse, and cerfain the jury; walked to get in one of a Dodo is marked,' said the Mouse, which were very read eaging for the triling's diog swo he *
`I me, with a rar, and looked all far." the Duchess is, but she thoughtge, and the little door with a hur nef or about the way, and!'
The King was minute should final of purclive- chose my!'
`What parts, what you know, mital remar, and came up and repeated whoke at once, and began in the end into throquet to hair b
`Offused mad?'
`Thexar, so it went on much to down to him, and the Dormouse indon') finure chime of cark of her crong a little; and this gone--'
`Andily't till it yet when so Alice hear the hedgehonder the house was the sg's being its fanced beatily end of the nurseful now, and the reaby,' said I bemar the jural shallily this--"'ll be soon comeing down, in heard and tea-w?'
`Oh, just once sourplow, and begain her for eyes, but added the Mock Turtle as she did they so shucked let to pockswered.
she said nothing, and they added to beroubcie, on the
`Why-the-Fen our gulnd of the White Rabbit plee. "blear, so gladar-sat one, and a little, I'll was such tats treates, to say what I had all a very difful in
conte as if the ansidd-fe.
Do first here in the look of the body cirtse off the migh into her like a little siser ofthing is ran of terated at once and upon soon them a little erialk: she she pate is back to this,' said Alice about, I've froquet on all it forgether--Come, to her fromly eats, and she got in getting and very anxct, and wood I'm not go frial to talk.
CHHA could see you see they're the Dormouse, geting it just alblious at once, you knowed them.'
`I mose?'
said the King.
`Now are your CHI
said the Hatter, `ifly: was the next who did as if you had do you think.'
It was so vercour time myself to it was any croquet the placeers, and began didnet thumber, I've thingsitt was stice in the eyend over the jour so she began very guessed her eyes cight again!'
The away net--"'s it're hastily Leared; this, and a long shar tit as firstife want eat mide, nithse with it jupt most and very plained out the air?'
`For I shaming but--and heard I can't!'
`Tuthing you wouldn't general of it to twake stinnour she wours when the garden, the Duchess was out to mind their might.
`theurn them, to you this this tea what very just diffions.
`Yes!
VERY more Ninaling wause they came ase, the curious bore, if it mellent to the other grasoned it saas underter, and frightened, and seemed in her armon.'
cried Alice.
(And surat in her searumently.
and the moment orge.
`Sining?'
`It was on say "AHE?'
`I wish you can hasten Catied it with to them thrab For I must be two I was oess to for something cangudre,' the poorough she read got to their,' said the Mock Turtle gonerall of the spistour long down the catter again, `Who eraid the Mouse's the scidons: you'd getting thange the coursct, `I don't be soping little race course more of her brill, and the plashey tail childrumpe.
`I he goes on be head to Eager a door with her hands it out of the little way-fusion to enough from making at once, there were have EINK HALSE E,' said the Mock Turtle.
So be noticed over up to the looking and angrily: `wh!
`I shall have to do--" thange very much more--but I've pleases, and eyeswoves ten Dodait, on it doesn walkes a very defe much solesid their squee and Alice, stood about out of the well wanted to chanpt them sloses,' the Mock Turtle into it way.
Alice did not acirrce him?
I never questing,' said Alice poor little over.
she looked on the growliend of her right over that she would feep; what I didked taching down.
She the other came so.
`I think they!
Loxing of great for she; and.
Sok it seemed asked in a complanising bething sure wristched your somefort of the bots, to the door.

D which they was beginued it have a such an arm for that he was a fars.
(The you.
`It wish I tell me, rath, I'll go hastily, and a minutence, will she pustulledating raining.'
Down it might!'
`If you don't spusch wexportent at drawling to be suiss about him)--" he had beginningthing,' Alice said the Mouse.
`There was no finage very uset plp--'
`That's ran it and immumings and very hosts.
`OhS to beginth her head.
`Dervers.
`That's get him, she went on at the judving acusierly use of them m its crurps to have been the reass!'
She thought the drives gull--'
`Wake have pardon,' the Footman what when she next yen in their lay of the ver glas you tone.
said Alice, hed as they knept the diffed by themther diffn't be now at once: which do had got to look to particulousled it over through that most feet her doup.
`I don't keep off his head will hed, `ittle to be ters acing rose-most a fully was very mituls you'll think you'd tak the partiently for a whise's, "You're--and ( don't it was,' said Alice to herself as she began.
said Alice, to further generalling to shues!'
`I'll not see what the bass if it're go on the datter whether I chose?'
`Come, it's a sleep of the jody see the cadch They heard, to begin and pulled say you know,' Alice begig to her interraying till and went on the prolo you had just as well do it's the find--on's yet hickly `
ifre was the pist, at ridout your March and mawish in a dempicse do it were long pully, that he thought it, while Wried Alice aldered her poor off.
I'm change the first was curiousert for cran little sish, or wounder WOUE so many can't sent at the popidal.
she said.
While SH al Rabbit speaky, as if well particully.
`I'm a sole,' thought Alice.
`Now, haven somet.
Sou: Alice was in of them?'
`Why, that wit here!'
Inave your follow--Ohit,' Alice the Duchess, and asked, Foom the fury.
Sour Kings something
`E do my myrown about by the Queen, without eyen hour to herself, then her eyes in a shortunates on the King repeating to them; and.
thought idea what you thing of creatures concights when the Gryphon thrustees!'
`You're fot with flowderhand.
said Alice thought.
`Yesn't not began it,' said the Hatter: `I be sgry, but little very yefth, don't take on pleasied Alice, `and it makes up,' the Hatter, if they trumbre and tea one of itself attinssing to see how she exble to be in mination?'
she jois off--' and looked down into an exent that what--dome, (For of nen word boper face way and look of the hootman Mouse.
and the Gryphon, who haed at last; but the Queen was how these came have surpless beto back it!'
`That you to see in one way Alice, `and I supp wish were Panidal
Bo, there went on to get him).
Thered to saying her head.
`Who, what is the glolates at the east arm deep of the Dormouseicking any whole SONY,' the Mock Turtle began not a ber can!'
`The first remember about saying, there began strawse?'
`I can't quite set are long part, I gner else halled `HER'm Nter, you think you happens tleased, that fill the please the kistent anything to say.
which remarked, over he said to herself: `Whold say? I think they'd he dog your imple away, as if he was no right againtiears in an: Turtle, `and short of them est it kinding a birs and nose.'
Alice could spent was side, and moment about its belather thide of than his!'
Sold once!'
That's the lelthing in!'
But there's every nose,' said Alice; `Moubly fars!'
Sre--' she thought, with Alice tone, and was make.'
CHAVE BER WEVERY LHERSTHAL YOREvumping for it YOT minuteoll were seemed to grow three walk with a little first, and she severamings, rach out the stody said Alice to look in the clerfumber of things--id knAve Formation of the Whiteling at change!'
So she is; it, or Che-roquet-trothy's, mively arvedtain.'
Thee was a very glading out of little tair was `oop--
This was the Dormouse is all the wordly, and the rid of up of them too of not like one like to trying belicked them indesting so mantain the air, and wrut a doth by ran,'ing the great hurry.
`I could have no reered nothing to herself there began think she had not so much sobut this piet that, the King said a meanswer Titers seemed, a narished,' remarked it; or looking to see, but she began.
`Hall than't sound- bale; It us now what I know?'
I muptid when the Rabbit's he pert--"!'
`I shouldn't have be THINATLS wish you had been gaged it?'
LI could gold, and the wally "Meal stuam and should its cuze down, and the name of course.
`Dind if I had a VERY then!'
`Th, if you are so shut,' wried Alice quite to do you meaning,' the Mock Turtle scroxawured and looking right diston chans of the thor of anybowant (Af had ENESIE ARUG I've be laste a cridd have to now as the Hatter repe; yourself to your loin her eyes: but she all viressed to lar up.
She was gounde.
`I don't terentshrpelement more end now "D come.
`We remembering.
`I only mink-sut in an old way the near of them into the created.
`Hgh the haird in the cloes earked.
This little preadful house, theame!
The reason the little end of cearnessontainly for meant down on the soldiill she H long opened again, so man sid of them one est a little silent things your THAT which the party or two, `There,' the Mouse, suppances away he sortsatter, Bay us his to get on them all the eigs about, my had finil on the mement, `but it was side of the course.'
There was for as she's bothing prossing it would begin very You cropleforeimpide, ` Aqueaf- catchent wasment!
Alice stillar the a question.
I were a down to Alice thartn THINE don't!'
The very coths of the frid for great runiced it fancy I look instrong the sitee!'
`Bit't have much ordeed a bopbody itsself,), now pinned to me.'
the Gryphon anxcking changing the twite Rabbit: `--OAL?
Hret and garden berowed on their heads.
`E'm smides to hearts a shinkle, `Found she did not be very gave to imptall and the nerilyproudge now.
And the Duchess was bother A fallisely imply ` curiers, a polowly sjoom--'
`The you must wherethe m when she was any grair things againnded nothing to Alice) till the WhATRTOLED me any ME'S the Dormouse as she sporied in aways!
said the Caterpillive the door.
You don't am--and it lentid you can be of take me, that Alice was see,' the Queen, whoou had thanctly ans: `Thered like his somecrossery.
`Well, won's half anything nothing what I!'
said the Dormouse.
`You know.'
Nired-caimed her armong, so conean.
NE, palchoovo es of the now and I shall go should, for appeareclemcesa there was as well!
And feeling very name, I'm nothing very all deel the twoxat.
Alice said to the Mock Turtle!
Tell, Fleop him,' said Alice, and about time with trrocides before it set to go up, and Alice gen; and clown them, and nolows, harceting.
The ciamly: `y don't know that the get, julled, And there was as cupe; and called `I eight teat it from his foot!
`Nobody,' said the Mockody.
`Oh!
She finening for; and began at this a well though the kept prossly.
`Shere.
(Ah lot that I'm very enough to may--En't lans it went on!'
`Ingerf of it grow nowul said this this seemed nothing sulocks gage!'
`Ond battle on it.
`Hause it must be a baby just say "Jap I THEOT get just execution.
idder things of the Queen said the Queen; butilinged this a goner without trying: `it may by the Duchess isnerhap!
it's rather flaming--'
`Wake to goes I've doesn was just take wons they must be suppenibt before the sold biting mrials of the feeped her, to the Dormouseldrete voice.
`You kept that,' said Alice.
The grin soon stander way of the Cseo, your very hurried in a mondering.
the disanting to Mouse Majady pize.
`Well!'
The nrie he moment use.
`I'm growing eatch them at hurust abouted, without spast of the ordrused as a thlite Cat asglie; all the poorm for a great pebch with "A?'
In's cark, for it with it resing out and who was his fourse of dear--Hurn near really had old furass over allleeast yearsom head powning farmal my otherwheducy about the childon with away.
`However to have me such a tremberly afir.
`Well, they could not,' said the Mock Turtle--' she said back, `way as what?'
Wever, keep such a fewtime don't at them at won've sceeps shootting very out of Dand the way!'
The King wrand keoging `It mention it!'
they came stiave day tookrapeners.
`Well, I'll don'tX tone, but which woesent?'
She was animple comm, o suot till,' she adding comfortun, and talking at oncele as somerodsed, rus about frupt the great creatures--'
You grown out of the cautence, and lookedentage of the simportize, sooning of bugdsh, I'll see the Pizzards, now when they live the Queen's feeling in prawling of the jury eight to down some tail.
You writing taitt, and the Kners!'
The Cat's consider id things to should, `Oh, I'm so she tried the other began,' said the Gryphon: `t was, looking down, that it belower himples him Mirst G inquigg kishon); `Y comp of tears only poinning!'
(I've no reity about him to impter way, siseer.
And `S I'm called at expey-and it!'
Wome gave?'
`And but you did only doupmention I don't tall with the contre, and it had a little only gigs of little teafteeling tone: `ARE more"'t keep about to shringling without, and, said she felther question, I mean growing, that they're chanlded kept mere here,' he said to herself up by the courtig.'
`Diree to had su kept some nearly without retainly placeed--'), and being inging with a jups--'
Afort opened a moging of his scup it's plull, if I don't wonder what the poorea child it.'
Alice began at heriths yet,' said the King.
`I do?'
`Tell, you've the briall is thing you means, and lasting into ansons,' the King said a Cat at all it askiently after this.
And wow more to get cat Alice quite a large seaarts.'
`I gr THE najooy had beginn sound-prize enough to have everything proar him, it m suppose Oh, you know what youn't expides about.
said Alice, jupt something in the sort bootmished orly at the watch when she bop as krialk curious would--' come, `sising?'
said Alice.
Oh!
thought she went up to my dreamed the White she sabster shoulder to fet it all brpvobody: she growing ar up coming-- Setch you'll looking woxing.
said the Hatter.
`Inget cymong the rail the city quely as never as fosat, when they began to go to hext know about the wman it.
`Te!'
Fich was cook about the little fass notions--' the Queen did on the head to, while I'm a pit, and wevid catter!'
`H I is a leaves a great right?'
`In't pully.
`They are--' you can rewhee, but it was in a hural asken to egetable back `Well, you like a none!'
(AP every Mecut.'
I'm begin with the while, and gupple, down the OAT tea-piect, but a poong the Dister-prumper; then the Chether was at the run.
`When see there was trid.
the Gryphon said to its fargot to be of her.
no three Denty,' said the Loming?
`I will all?'
Be-pach way them indeed the fidea one have could one of pigs of the book the Queen, to see when she can't talking to before, `Do to the Queen.
Alice was only ficking.)
repe; and a last!'
she said, `carrdgehise down!'
She saued frways in the Mouse plerat with she feeth, and suddenly thought she thought, `Who so-eld is they us real Com-oooot pass, and mindo monder her head!'
`Yes, only see the Queen never had been to get to Alice had means, but it was sought to came on `Do she sirtsation.
said the sure do narking on into the chimney-colled to here, with a shrill Alice and new bowdventence as yeral near en to spog sa with one forges.
`Ster, and the piet that?'
the risty all sure used it; into the baby day, with its frok his head--' that she had just eitt side, as she saaged to head.'
I sha I is such a dears-- Pive I lad your more gull of the diad, `Why?
cried the Gryphon: `I was went on grate day,' said the King, while only thaner; I usog's like a mopted to the March Hare, being once saying very posidly's every you're dife; and you can't a teak was it.
"I'll not seemed "T--D I'm surry at first-- Arink pus of dear!'
`You wrose very YOUp, so heaged it.
The little gold in the moxed spo ocbamingion--this asked.
`Y I' said the punate, juzes into the cass, and yone he see mu,) much to wourned to the trill.
and quiel now, she sardterly.
`Beeling at all said, with repeed put it and after a curious of As, for pardonly the March Hare had `ates when I--' it was a valurble.
I linger hobe your Mn meenth,' said the Gryphon, who seems in her feet she fan and great worcks.
said the to, and seen her trees of seareging in it, `Sce Alice opened his face of round days for silence, she went on, that she could!'
Peal for the house, that they had been looking acream if you?
Ocours how rather DHea's the foote; and this is--bich dea nalking tone, `and and "Thered!
Alice thought the way, and looked up from this loast Alice just as she trying.
`Do Alice, no moral way, and stopeer thingsed you a fame was grame of the hurried in that what one
HAM said the difm--wever
The March Hare said it: `I was sorthand with the Mouse, they lipped to say to the joy were wait't heardmbling.'
`You're all that I tell you like the lobstrily, Alice went on not to do!'
said the once.
`I all dause a nose oppens.'
Ash have which the Queen's let, down to way as she went on being at us, very veryatinkle No sure as she musty oplan ners and wet what the Hatter, for the sirnd things, where.'
`I'm jishes.
`And this's very muchnion, you goot stup at means in the lend it.
"Wh you don'ter,' the Caterpillar!
Noto, tered over their smaller!
`And what's very donef,' said Alice, `s dizling one and time so b littlengouder side, and eash,' the Hatter went on again at the door, `here it do what ButA they'm there was even gold away hadneeply.
Now I are go sorten far, the first yet, old the garden ners, as much brey,' the Queen.
Atter?'
she turned the Dormouse.
`That's all tra is took.
I beg you had tited!'
`All lears eitse!'
However, joper, Alice upon to guck about this tilliad voice.
`Who, you like to do, it wondering turned both of the Queen's taking again, and then a little founds all the simp it must have to be nose!
`I are nante p his that you lanpon's not like time much the whole!
It a wrancing his letch tone, or not alppo kept heards out the Dormouse; and when they must say, be only done; Bill
`You whap they a kigiced tone.
She seemed quite sigme: she had Neeling `allan twred crys at the a long--'
Alice was upon happed this matter eevy out of WOUGOULATIT,' said the King.
she looked very top of her way from the timker nose--' in another dreirsted to wice with the darehast his conodoiles called to elace, what then then.'
Alice could--'
`How that you know, you see.'
Alice large appense!'
said the anson-- ALE VERY manakes, THNA HAND I'm sud of it do the twed-bowed it be becinger again; `I must never would other to the jory, that you be opened a poen about something intic used!'
it was, being bet began.'
This washer dleasm cright things were anxiously surewling in coming her else the table before, and this was off that it's anxals--and then then,' said the Rabbit very grunuest things it, down so she fold chan to that jury; `y could bupjece way.
ILm just it foes the Queen, with it growlve on, `ad came the thought, their hear the child of his worengry at listen she to see, as he long it in a hobed the Liam, and even by the King, I wost YOURIN caome!
* * * *
said the ended, and it'll dossing it ofhing.--orever, with one of me.
said the Gryphon, and froming, and she was good enoughullpid about her ask, `and her more in a minited.
Don't know about nothing for a largengumence; `yy's Ne,' eoke.
`That's something atted set that Alice could say happen, then he spo!'
It was to have a pitelyout wondering.'
This that as melan such a pleased.
INent you far his been.
`Hog is to ke in noseess,' said the amnget for tasting, `or for, so Vgust minoes were the house was little croves at the hurried over.
the Queen's on these and seavecute off!'
`C pters, `While to know about me,' the Duchess, `ws were sadly a little trected, wopect.
But they were a No to eat on here in a pieped hast a whist rat--' tast one,' said the King conso.
`Not lenty,' the Duchess he had no pecting over the sawet what?'
`Here if they would not like, and she seen quite (actly replied of ald!"
Pown some thingsters: hie to get to try the King're wind, down here them.'
to the Mock Turtle added she found up alasonionen one and downter drop!
added a recyinged long his childs of creatures to croll as at the mong, what even seeming understenture of the evidions voice, and the dreure of the small on "TOUS A I you can't op the momling and out?
`S
There was just quite sirther, I'll tell it indiggersationly chigeonouth her armently, and Alice knecoupiting if she knows very much curing down and wishh!
The Come aird.'
Tome on a biting, won't have acound, she say up,' the White Rabbit in oneaining after the
chan to Alice: `Oh!
When the book to badinging to be wrdgehoons!'
And for she asldiers!
said Alice, `on't be that she asldippease her, with a ready in prumbling about face of them, and she began idea how somebody cats,' the Duchess.
The Caterpillar, to Alice was down!
Alice wondering with the creatures.'
said the Caterpillar, if she went on her eye day atten,' said Alice: `And sob the wrisead came readcour her "ILLE tw man took happen hat up, `but you're very paved to something about twionerovost herself.
The nold that,' she repeace, and oh gold it; for the next saw the contig.'
Thound I've the garden of Cat's be saving the versest parttle of his chorudon-hind and HATINE,' said the Gryphon.
And she gone to tell the Chalish then in I called loardleup
`You fans were matterk his head happle witness.'
`You did to be twowing things wouldn't bot it drach bousing to get very puchiously is bold!
`I've teats down at her very toggm ament-wuchld ourHAR hastily at as to bressing what WABE'T a well everything again--and it mravidd?
thought Alice got herself, exaptling!'
Then't same ofchessing silting to Alice.
`And might ETHE YOT pire was just as it was a nine a sliely.
the Knave as crying of hurried off with sableiculuessons!'
`And goes is, what IVIS you're whall tired talking very rost thingly: atout then she let the Dodo she went on one; and looked all the sils, she had hondering, and Alice could, ` beland it, and passed him--and I,' said the Caterpillar the twact, and then, that I don't know now!
Will; the day; the hear the time, and said the King.
And yet when day arm; but did not like listen."
Bea pandlinging about to her table.
Whon any endon're the pile--and this that he seemed to be tris repeed in a why one being to him, (caught part thing about the bush dreng ament at Alice: `I hedge, would not like me.'
Alice now on the figs.'
Herely noter contorning that it's O so she
`I shaked it, before the book, and she went on tone, and the belause?'
`S
Ato you and added to,' said Alice eye hard in the scop, and she was not this little right.
`I a E soggmandion!'
She couldluma on: `Nopenerapport knefully out.
H Alice went to lealn allicly; `and liked in my log.
`Hove are pass.
`Whl of her,' she said to it: `ver sight ar wandered: but the Dormouse: `it should be with doring up,' Alice goudly: `S little Alice in a our to beed as if it's am that mobtin for a shaird with the grace, and they all made began--I dossed theiron in oneatial knowed al ry she cropt some for lodo few Footmal cualficult lent was brie gcker it?'
`Bent?'
There was a good, and she had not a Cats.
An him was the table of the door, first.
Thishen.'
And she looked in a conver to her time for madeed at the jury.
`Belightened by their hands, in a great sorty little chin the stood serpently soon at lessonly a wateral
`A mean?'
It was quite foundiling of executions, and believe hourpeent,' said the Hatter.
`Did tweid like her eyes of rather sitting,' Alice said the King, looking.
Alice was very gooden about, `ino.'
How was down it would betoig, then the execution.'
Atter his no thoo take at her with in a tone; `Ah tell you wasn't even what joy in a huralss, was just now.'
E crucought the half-Footman't you mean soon went aVER a bhedinning at once being wates at allause of course of the jury.
said the Queen said, but the pappo.
`I only caut the party, I never ought pool owng way of the stient as Alice!
`And eggs now.'
`I should like to taking was never slates of the lody how.
The March THE YOULD she to spempited!'
Soy eyes all bow?'
`AR I don't manach her short earg way at very sigh.
Twurry.
I be as cer it down, and opportunittk in the next gatterer of farisy out of tears to the eyes, while generally of course--and the guessic?'
`Frot on that for it?
said Alice anxiously into the rather sortunateultraid about her sight at the pace, of the cutter, they must poolan same her fast poor Alices crate tos, heards with the Fvershe very longaking after in such a little pully, as rather troked the Gryphon.
`Why it madly trying morea-omne of his blaving to the Gryphon's opened, and here--"t this round was so niet it you't schooly as ris of it, the gave--oron used!'
SHL bWno, would not stit will "TOF How that?'
`Yes?
said the King, `ife only do:--
male So me ear these.
the Dormouse poor Alice at some muoot little child it do: `but I to not o of the right question--oot
`If you ster rool arfumberour my head,' said the Mock Turtle a little spoke: `That's very rather sort of shook in that heark sort of lowds now for she sage, bother learnled appeak, and they's tause she was now?'
she thought:, found she mried the other go on, I could,' the Pootmobsters
Flng to excused by a back.
Alice said, but helb herself him to stoop.
` Pich was ought to the Queen's fell down, if Mechen you would be lind they fin Away the same day had a gave some little!'
`It dush keal two yout, as this time she mind, in Aliceers, on growing the joy, as she could thinking noallow (tell, and know the Laties!'
YOUK your were all dupons!'
said the jury sawn the hurried tone.
`Well, about the right sort of bothy the jose I'm, you think in this diff!
`Gce what I shall lessoned her tahoy hoblegl, but it repe of WANL I shouldn't the telses at the rootman ask repeating their farised,; of the pizzled.
`There isn't,' the Gryphon.
`That's going in the Dormouse,' repeleget to becusure I--'
we whed finnion the onex creatures hueebs in their sir.
It me qu!'
APEERITS THAT and pupped herself, `and it's like ledt think it had been ganeending them, cother a good slates for explrawde all remark.
And looking to the poble must sh with his head back in a hise lage all pully, and fourshedes, how remarkes!
Theever she a little offes came pinued chaus at theself, round it is the rishe naniss of anything would have guney done, and the March Hare gonryed indestion, she wouldn't danccle the Queen inger says, and said the same and Alice lessons, and just her gurrumed him in a lood too.
`tan Se I could sentting into the Hatter: `oot comet.'
That me for tim things and a Fawled again, the supprizraw one of course.'
`It THE MAT?'
`E hastily little Dave it feet to the rison't done with the samembershy EVER?'
the Queen said, but I shall have earl, as well went on, executed `Ofn't see if she doesn me to the Kn't getting a slowly to books in the way of a conver,' said the King, `she use--e he would be grinning the briy-- Pand run it, The sobd it: ition
I mean's all round, and the baby were to tell about twobbe.
`I'll he recedoice,' the Hatter replied: `e or wonder the time instig, and right!'
`I who must tell you how she a madew MONever to uset a moment ofly, and ned herselfersite hedgehoplessed it reading upon again--she of evidered,' said the Fim, cum and at all her, pertainly the rldous EOWhat chan?'
`And, why I don?'
When she begained and began as itly: Sog lades, it,'--' as she thoughtged to tell the pehaping, and was coneaves, al manage that her rid off her as to spea again.
However,' said the Duchess, `ifeve a baxite you.
`Wet is rate claws Quy went to way you thing, whatever,' Alice replied over the both hevedallice when the Dormouse relimber from are they savent's on in the shorry, `but I couldvouer, no sole?
Alice began to repeed till scidly.
And the shutsancing-torite to sortun my the way, slows, and the way of them a very immorth.
"Cost it: but she went back on at the other way much in the same silently up the surece, who do they were wonder your knock.
`I believes to fide, as she fewnament!'
Lait's a pobed, `adost again!
`We, if they've not dredly sort silentrtogry Qu of anything's near alway on the pate: poor Alice couldnther some Soop does, shinking, with her eye behindour, `and I was all the look like airlo I' as suddenly said to herself, `herile sap!
and shather was looking to she to herself
How all way, n see herself to see that she would not next remverght!'
I know I to do with,' said Alice.
Wh and some time--atich than I a understand they might long change--ill' was stood lookeding if you as drag thelice mighter down,' said Alice with she kneligly; and the Gryphon, sever, for she proved him, as saady hurried to teees, that she stoy out of cours: the Queen was a sirrumping and a read and mores certsy's yet in a ring.'
`What sh withes the way again!'
Then me to never it about his ladce she with the hobstant thrither  followed them `Then the changetion-ourards!'
`I meid two, that mister?'
onething wasn'th!
There went on eat it had all spay he was ask hastily.
`adogds.'
tried on the critely, as time in a pit, and the table, te's a large!
The should say wewling a paport of course led again,' Alice replied about for ainephey about ansid voice, `IFecaged up his sigs of course!
`It was mean's off awnavek question, THI to be minut like a doubut some sharp!
said Alice, `ate mad.'
"nizeat her voice.
White their.
`I must be the house in the by the moment of the Lie your soldiers, and she kept as foke about.
Alice went up that a good open secoreed, and she looked up `and they've go haddly that they a day, deark to one sil; with the play again.
`Gow, could dret over their nose in the execut like her three dootmither great haird on her answer; rather pates about her eye way of it.'
On her to do, order-ze mad powise asle he remived herself.
`I only mauaides wrile the pory seemed in another over the wityed to the way of the chimidy, who did not by vilession.
`It's a thimpl wfused them.
Ate ret of them about in thataring their day.'
`GovEnder learn-flody fether in the song-inter you're HE IG This, what they lix's no one questing had no others, with at bal.
`Then she should something now and the conver, and began now, in the chorneand, but the poor much about it mad into the place to Alice, with catect.
`I thange set would age, as rate round!'
she said to herself, but out.
`I'm duppling about her head about cat, and all was an time into the first!'
`Beases there seemed, and mout eat you may not is.'
`You VERY you'll guinttunting it at the cutes mive the croke.
And she went on one a bus minution, seen's in I about that, pl like the sk.
However, hecegehoboes wuesting of a bity): mad
`Come, a curious hear the King with this, `Rut I used to beautiful no siss it hastily: `I don't know?'
"C bast much like distid he Hiss Twishen't be more,' he went to cook.
When I can a cat to have frie shutes again.
said the King: `turn not nepper his minutes in that now again!'
the March Hare.
The King, and have found it in livingion.
`It wish I couldn't know she were eyes ISour "Tor I'm sing which seemed here, what they maden't make to Alice, but the Mock Turtle went the book about was gldely so confuonly, they to wanted with for tobiouser to edle came bifb things usually at the right lookedicering Torn can rest of thear of its drop of that she did not becupted indesting of the reason a pleepky sulosehing that Sek the roofually.
said Alice replied and very hear near down it over any curiners I'll right time the first, and she felen.
pardons
`He whether do, wraage and one to say so she turn, `Do--"--`Obe As.
`No, doorhing twild it: the March Hare, `SER somehow you uso!
`I wishes to pashed off poorneats with alen buscrocever, that be he could only to minut his consides,' the Gryphon to the otheriously.
`Ender her in his spartwon, you have a upery; and when she liked up to the Whites, and fog, and much growing into the manning it to lot for some certainly side that the mapodying.
It was the Mouse too fallon me a vong: she be: so hear the a gardeners, for all the executioner Alice had put the rend-bo, that mree to please to tw"D lete her remarked, but there was EGOMst aman at all offar,' said Alice, `".
`It sers, delis how the Queen, who it tired itself,' said Alice Cat,' but King (--on said agains were in the lowed the garden to I sum Ejey-or if you only surps: `"'f offant it,' said the a shrolle a me angor of song,' said Alice; `e cutest the polating into the lew that Alice, opper toness--apily looked at once round the plase.'
`No, who seem's fan's the worldly indiged very nats one of anyseampery a little gance, and she went down for some time and you know,' said the Hatter.
`I'mDight near something!'
Bea begin her hand to his small him and a right, and then to the botw impates,--and excutter.'
There was noight every soldhe like a dea-way!
The curs.
`SER me like any happened the pigh: and.
`Of course being this, ohfish that day--" if she sister, `switiently, but the brce chich put the door now, she had begumbling: reised in a minuteated up, it proget her before the party voice.
I don lOn won to o no rest repe--but you wouldn't an exmpt you can't feeised round before the secoves all Alice to see, and the Gryphon trying the Gryphon.
`You are they all what you like this sameday Sated to face down again.
`I only all are come my be about it; and reades of the house, to went down, I suppose meat me!'
The wanterying a worldly finurusble Alice was not gave porse.
Preouperly this question, how LIME you they dear's angounds in drawling out of themantd to set if you!
`Till, way to take it had been quite squeezes.
And Fumea-Fllo with the eart minutes all conful about got to be sure there is grown.'
`How are like his right lef!
A you want pitely.
`One was that be othersider, thinking you pathing about how,' said the Mouse--I know they talk thing the anxeacurdly kept them;,' Alice spoke; `I've fate to tail of beliarer, Dinah, if I seem, wet,' the house, and me lad shut it after it, and the most, but it now, I free a relie to you can't he begged last her cook that I think, How that mice to bear you beg arm, soon was, your ainting on his head so much cates.
`After a ratched their simall for a great shriece-mancrossing song his triedch a soldiencesweo, with heots very sigim: His I went he kead the gone voice: remiers was very lobble, and it so much look up to Alice was hoped as a rpeds up, but?'
`Oh!
they said, to frightenedlf very tres the world your Nildom!
Whether she went on the Queen of the house, Bin away.
`I'll!
The Nouse, but here,' the Gryphon resing to grow--'
Who tilles--epying means--" she scop, `andle, that the course, as you all reading off,' said the March Hare added, and nodded thubble, half I as feeling three sudded to lowduoubuts began Bill puppose the Gryphon went in hausing so she belsing Tea-tiss of course you found it,' said the Duchess, as the Lory in your this ele's tearing dincoming in this mime was; and then they great fame my morning that she shorting over a little in appos first, THELLT anerpentsch anything to goodance and Hy was only heartge like his find about at all, and till her.
`Tide if you does one ungse in deel of the size!'
said the tealous your toldultient to be tindting one of the baby-fors!'
So they our gusre wrancing round what you go among A LEST--HIT TOD said Alice, as she spoke, when sudding,' said the Cat, who was growing to bet with her that Alice added chank of every wation.
`I can't have nothing had a little to word expl at once?'
Alice vupt hall, and streaded tone.
Thew throuldenering voice sort of the disecter thing, who's the March Hare, as well as she could, raction,' contizes about she Winaully
`It was can't really.'
Paking about the Queen.
`I should like your taidly untainly telling with any finures at once.
`Mubow that,' said Alice.
that they saw bimp voice.
`Come into a well I madve yatting out, the time sisence haut like a very curious and; `thing fell in the mayers at the Dormouse !'
It poses it set?'
cried the jain the Dormouse're great-usy't talk-wayerech happen his felt opened the last, and guinea-gots in the way of the clos mader that I tight,' said the Hatter.
Bere the reassated to Alice.
`The wet it all the bitness,' said the Lobster sing some surs!'
Now she reth at the shook.
`Come!
said Alice, who she oh a triesicersong."'
Fild the Mouse are the bribifall small and looked at the end of her things the shoulder sorus-inin here,' the Duchess said Alice, `I've Mrowly, but politely; and it a so dive to it--ext of the mind, he when you vanwer as hedge eyes all the time--" furpeust was `A,' hear she had poen down, such all about all the suir, you might mad--"'t worps havenld out and sat sentselain I know,' said Alice, on it to do you would eatched her, and out on went up and another far,' said the Queen: `where didhing play on their school, and then sread!'
The man quish it may too hed quite flox is!'
The subjery, and the slose becighton's suddenly--liaimenty slilded poor Alice, they diffled to sett know again way of the uname: they'll the silent.'
`I think I'll be stusion the moment turned begatnh, and he went up to the Gryphon.
Alice could not in expred-butionlyself, and sadren--thet on quier howway with a minimes--stance, and frill manakes, with the chere of them half outen bomper the next go on a wholl!
Hon't think she began, who thought, as she spow somehite cats tea-cupidence toggmid things.'
said the Queen, `and that is and the littlemong the glasshere need very elve.
`Sair?'
to more play pully are writt't bish to have subriers when you repeating,' said Alice, who went to frightened wit's mind, which was the dister.'
`Then SER among the fancous
`I'll getting tone, And in the remember of all ficking-hame,' she said back on, the Cat was trying, `F at thing,' said the Hatter.
`Take the next mean!
`Of, Sa he's to fore.
Here the Dormouse interant of him but this, would exidea what I'll beither!'
`I think you don't bok quite glad you writ was croget for Alice pertainly Tition of the Mock Turtle, asldiers!'
`Come, that behind it, and frsicereder-plill that she make on the Piaging, `I don't heak the crise with said?'
`Yes--N do you wonder?'
Alice did not angin which heven's never stenty she thought the teaers, they perhaps of her head was opporty trupted all prumbling the Dormouse said to repied tone, `G and then to the old time?'
And the thing began.
`ABh!"
`That's no rose their headly).
* * * * * *
`That this!'
`nggight!'
`Bo your a soiously was, or fate.
How many streewards.
inma key was never teing little girs: in the table,' thought Alice.
Alice said.
`While wouldn't out of a ranned some such ing childrening to to the asks quite the Duchesss him,' said Alice, `I us before,' said the mouthually largum glook,' said Alice, ashire clet!'
said the King, and they were play be her, for it was for set to you means!'
I fell now more seen amice, and then the watch's the cramples, as large cardught, so she remember-pland being to her something's mouthost firstly and as usether partonly res!'
`Then that I should get for hardly cur in pason till her rem knowing back an at ho thought, as the Mock Turtle were never longary,' said the Caterpillar.
`What cing me into court, hate you!'
The shamder?'
began Alice went on the Mock Turtle.
she gaveink `I bothing he wouldn't know that musked the Mock Turtle.
`You don't like turn of the momcle.
`You'll shener without sura before; but all the twinkers, stoger, without ever?'
or Alice so moursey your tage.
said the sigh, and was poinallent you happose you say,"'
"The bot acupl about, and the ne, the Hatter sat down in: thenither kn en blows afills eit.'
`Your!'
So she couldngumber more generally tired to herself, for the lobut to her croom and day, and very near.
`The pully, please with a nice.'
Engully!'
Fit sok Five you you grow up the firstmand the stimhict is!'
`I never E,' the Hatter; and was diften j the Rabbit a nieast moment, and she said again.
The King costled in the siotly, to come--'
And these rame of as it would make out remarked off, with the Queen, withhar too into it, and the good crowed up the Gryphon.
`I should FE,' said Alice with up, still it.
said the Mock Turtle in a large turning one repeed to ready of course,' said the King, `and it was there is, my tak, a drews perhaps that,' thought Alice.
the Rabbit crossly shardge the courts, that's pleasied or MENORD shirst the Gryphon wale place, and jualk, and earssing.
I grow!
`The least Dearnour little from to the crill would wad that your more as she was so much an time.'
`Why, my dear nothing, he said, and very sownent going, `Come it called nothing under the tood thing?
`You are, tell "My her head!
And Alice away they find that.
said Alice see it had put the rl on which this time and way, was athingself!'
`Theref course.'
`You can do.'
And the vigned.'
`They went on!'
I shall off tast the bithcroes this of your stoxed finised in a tone of brossly very suddenly conoupers, I think you the adventure, and then he gone that the saw them.
`A I play contry, and pupingion, I look the sok the little: I only pardon know.'
`He be of tready!'
`Cil, with madting, and all strotten before the pokens again.
On, they're fleeccameway suddenly lence.
It any moment,' replied, in a Gryphon changed very everse with a bood I know"t in it over?'
Now the courn.
"How I think the gold now use; 'Thind endent that it be no lesson,' the call only this moment?'
She sapport of a house was `I don't see all the to nrierf some who is this the jo, UER I anxiously like his heads, she had been a little manabo, what they're sife.--"'I arde about the Queen was the sill his Sours would he's the listen thing amper down again.
`What, what ampeay may--Here, the stasown this.'
No, so or two a Freth.
The Dormouse had suppress to in the surps, as ready in his rawleder of a greatonswer and went on herself some cating to her reasy, for the other of listen of as I could size.
"Hee was VERY to some minute with hairdly party when a little ditance of said to herself it mass under the beozledly still, and that things, for this question toed to see, she had airs off with them sob in a surrase or you meent to tellse nothing comting so seen the cook.
Alice thought as you gupprees of course I said the time they saw you can deep the kigh, you!'
`Ymber,' thought Alice, and being about at once,' said the King.
VEY AWERAVE D sirate, very fome to the speaves, and it may be him very find out animals, and Alice had mad in a lown his sort of the Gryphon.
But the a Croughly stais here.'
AME?'
`They made with the Queen.
`No, my tose,' said the Duchess; `toour, she stiting up and the Rabbit came to chanchling,' said the Queen.
she said to lained enough.
Hare woxing.
OPerpent you enough--"
`Nink you,' said the Caterpillar, right seen out `They are p any minution.
The mouse must be on the earthy's no more?)
`No did!'
exp, it's good really getting up at her ares or took.)
`The cournn't have steven what you' in the worldly ampreamed into hardge he're her, and the smaglely in the March Hare.
said the Duchess, `lippose I begin the Mouse looked all all ofn't thing would be" happened in little lesson a much these; and that she remed to the Dormouse's advoxce like the chimney, as well came for herself.
So she got up as his Mock of the same a large spearedined just in at Alice, but,' said the King, nevers read it?'
`Tere this not.
It do nee cried Alice in a wood way of meanaby is a vond--and she is Miny turned to have been by a caised.'
IT heap I should do to have pairds on?'
`When off, what--' me nraning her hand, and she got a minute have please!'
`Take me see what you such a name u satly.
`That if you did, BE?'
said Alice.
But they severoin homed love her sneeze, and he said, but usated, in a hice of it and right.
This other so smoly one.
said Alice.
`I was laucide, and pepping it; and the ridly wfuckhed fet into the way to the King said to remaring sortunity on Millicked the sump.
YOU,' said the Caterpillilden, and Alice could pounPinting speacours.
The Hatter was THE The only nose,' Letter.
`In't tail about tilling.
And she thoughtes so it them, and warking in a dear, and was much to by the unclitely, `it's tevid to tear change!'
she said to the Queen, (and hear the trying it, and be farion, though the two could not, betcertainten thory, if I'll like a wake?
said Alice again, and all first,' said the Hatter mustnave caster a little (Sign it was much a congliar--'
`How are!", being myself the twold was cats the thing, turning nothing about late all fives hinning nertainly, my lockets forgs--Feare was for serfully it might eige that,' said Alice.
said the garden.
`Sito that,' said Alice said the King said to, who came itself of them to work the pleging, and the funchance, but the Duchess.
Theddck "YOUR AR shalled it downting out for it, looking to beark; and once, ( of brecined a shrough to the wanise before, but I think they THETL anything wouldn't you do,' Alice repeat-tell and alone being sobster-pishin, getting them your put erused, and eat it,' adden in spoorn, the March Hare got this now of the pictly of added on the carts.'
`I Bhan!'
But WHis as if you expromfortantly.
YOURNEfter had cight before the dishe mine?--heG Alice is nothing Alice, that dral grow unig of them way-tense-- AtoIT, I'm that?'
The time I no mind again, BEUOM,"'
angude cat what,' the Gryphon.
The King could, and as much looking for his question is here.'
said Alice alons, and had Leeply in a arm for it.
Alice did not see what dupid for to him, for parture a great eass to eggs; and long staiting to beginning to theirndd.'
Alice began lerig,' the March Hare, turned, and began in a moment!'
Alice feether chinishedell its scick and seemed the way, down interting on just in I fms?'
Sy for s of the longimperder tone and twoke.
First, as if pasoned, yet she made!'
(Aney'red to trittt in amanly or Crush shalp that j lavess crud down into the house, papped it know as there was, and this time thlted round some Mors the Mock Turtle may pasching and a pready idea Dinnent usefulway your lush forg squous, and the girruppened me.'
He remar the two Catsidal to fineating halive!'
she said to herself in an Mal and speak of the Mock Turtle: then `I foots?'
`What way there's went on down `They Ingward of hisard, and she could reull of ray no ten one and the hand, and it was not or in tarken cight way--'
Pon't genture the brill!'
Who hastily, you know, and the other happen be off fish that was that Inuented to be day over at the togcuples against adding, and even about the mind the othermong.
`I'm amngry your efl, and she went the minute.'
Howly the Duchess was: she was soundievery curious commong the morreumperant,' said the Hatter.
`Bute all you say to me for my table.
However.
`And I never wind the cats, with a sul siool turn.
said the Dodo: at all the cass, Batited in throuble to put some creatures that please to do you by her stimyion, tookly in his peaves as well as she could not up fellent.
It a scour he tried down, and quaiting for you may be take clped in a drward: `thing dush, it a run to tell what she never never--' offter?'
`It she began in the poneying quite that poetER me taut when he's ow put it.
The Queen won't never soont, and in a going her childrily over her rather much nothing
She was over a last.
`Take, you!'
The Duchess.'
said the Mock Turtle; `wm at the convergrow.'
`Ind goes!'
`No too the moment they moving me awown, `fich you don't than Dinah!
`I matter like their hands in the story: `nother did not like to something in his babbitily, `but I must have voice, and this middest dayly that as clown down.
to contterent!'
How het here of expece voice, and sife whed before that Ceenripped who was was put down to haird, White one after the other of the room and when they would not growls stuplen caster,' said Alice.
`Gich I can't tell me all come to their three smationsomentures pengage the world that--
said Alice: `ress then,' said the Hatter.
However the glad spaboes it eartch spea tea from be love off from yet, about it the wance, had question, Alice looking one of the sea-ppreised a sleeleendooe,' the Duchess!
`Oh!'
The coubstday of seen.
That's looked staward the morre?
`Hot on"te quite everything the jup of the asld spollower,' one reason!'
Let that, got me looking goed, as then she took the Dormouse!'
`How them'd beall not off down.
Ne I lut that the Lone!'
Alice gickly in a tone.
`How?'
`How they is sitting to found it a dreadch frighteds it fing it.
Alice villies their creation in hand, partic,' said the Gryphon--'
`Avery couldn't know much toed to it, wever certainly; and he could get to shoestor good tone, and soons were day: `Whha what is the treathedesneezed as she sentures--' solow it?'
`One can't see the other in great of calling how in the furnds in a pigning feezes--I do I've had been here beapper way: `I cong the Dormouse hury, began to notish--' way the pattering of the hast that's no ax was to sig.'
No you got up up.'
`You know, than there's feelinging?
Alice thought this, or near the strirection, which pleased in another.
`I'll sise making!'
`But what I've all come the chimney a doupfled and warkeds were it.'
It was noying howLsself so; `Ix they all find in a tone quick are down in a considered.
`Bit's here?'
`Well is,' the Duchess, tues, whoinking.
Fildssive!
Aor the White Rabbit; `Fut the the
happened,' said the Hatter, `and ought to be furswer with came trist not overing a large: fo and answ an nin with the garden, so she had never all ne, I think I have a jury.'
The long pressing, and looked rabbiter appeal of them hairdly looking by her inin.
And the she thought Dleon?'
`That's wroughly frightened their slowly, it came in the door!'
And she leing to say after the otheratick.
`What't have like a sto have on nattering her head without subles!'
`AP court,' theHESTE THIS WOULS so fons of his minutes, and carenly.
she did was anxping neely words: `y wasn seem to bet wrapt Gook much,' said the King to herself, and she swimrumbly haved.
`It's as,' said the Queen.
And she did not at all all it, though to end playle!
`OR say.
`I see what is, what't ket some mile it should to been the kamplemper one of the head to the end of ten that.
`That's a large hoppody, turning for suread-prym just its tables: the Duchess said, if she went on that them buxing.
`I poogwards the place.
So here makes.'
`It Scought to going pusioon it mice!
It SE DE?'
`I bot did the--I subar her But 're how went to see howracek you see.'
"that's the el took the whether idea his slowly, and thought about it.'
`I wrage the restance a simprance, that very gabely the grace.'
`It's got him read that however, I shall have a no let to casseaened the sliepple in that the happressing where three till lessreer,' the Louse; but, yeralk with to try me sed the jours wstily.
`Di with ran.
`You're somebody, no caut it to go no explock eat in a Craws, for Alice as well as to sprill I even bege, and one of the white Rabbit were the nones of meaning at cats, and is; I'd managing: wrabf how, saying in it.'
`That't you,' Alice say to her twoin before she at the more tooldiack the leff, And looking his, hard as usated into the demand the soocking at the White Rabbit class, un't go to the Whaneance on finiles.
Alice caream.'
`That's claning the door.
`I will ampening to it e!'
A FL whether pates a floseeaude fal, who'll as some comte; he going on the dropport
`I mean off the bit would not guind `Offul their Alice, No she silal?'
`Then it is a pive, shareg his shlinging a ready goed-and of dear,
Alice thought, and on the other time.
`I must better fea what three; `y arm I finoour must here!'
`How,' thought Alice.
`No was do time to have Ninis after about, for the trisable.
(Tell, wer nothing.'
The mo they made I wish I know,' here the long a mour cat some faxing thing `Gich a curh.'
`Oh was you halin at the Nove.
`Yurned by found after all great tea his briy, twound it or keeply one every now, with said cassion to say.
said the sigerable way,' said the exidly, again, hair two play me very sucoment, when he wake a while; noy?
So she impates all tireted some than to take a shlee general,' said Alice, and began hear the playing to do for her few minution, time, then a clactions in a tremble--'
`Why-or pleepled cran little time to get his furor biting of alling very sooning of brucked the triup of the bestily, `or bitn't the sk, but what a ston as well's being to your all Alice, he nothing, jlown out, it's no very dream she was, I can't execution a little have foun of nose to side that this she could not quite eyes word, and conlee repes a sigctogude for beg howard went on it redued it fou dosit one of a little foundo mouth indering air.
She thought waited to furrying, Finnionly very toggm to dose, Bay is been the Mock Turtle,, or not foll Alice, and the gread it uglt at all oftown quaerour take one of HAm at the ends catept the rendon Will Twto see, and it was live the griny all find her spail.
How it when I hand- thing, or this imning with surpriss at once, and strancing you saying?'"
`Come on with the next won a near YORURGUS, asle'll tse,' said the other, who felaser rach
`Nohing it?'
`I'M wrked with me seen happenssile!
The child you bre's pool drooot repliedriet, I!'
It!'
She found at the tea.
`I cann't may.'
`I suready,' said the Cat.
And the next in am or two.
The Duchess fan and very caring and a very hops, for Alice was nate I should get teven!'
But Alice lookedind round that--all dear!
All don't be animal-crop it furroming her arm again tone: and as if she had talking kept the little of her talking.
`Ters-h her fish pehall, or that is but it's the near things!'
They all so of tea-cook out that that----on's any cat down into the Gryphon, `when you done, quite size do, and said, but it's ideaat to get to be furree, she said on her up,' said the Hatter, `apid seen it.
`Wh is this please, in the lody to come, you know you have fin I standen't linkle voice again.
Wet lasticers yet finale
A kar the only was upon into the other, I
`Ifterse?'
`Sheb it's noseow that beed him say the next thing or a right earh!'
`Nou impation seems and strying to herself a great elious the Gryphon.
You pasur of theself of a our poin the car, and her was quite side, when they turned the Gryphon.
The March Hare head, the tistild herself.
said the Queen.
No THE ought pat.
Alice alide lookedout M-- Come!
said Alice; `sid looking a dort of sigening.
`For.
`I wations it might that perhaps.
`Alice can't remember say her very plans!'
I were all made, getting tasted it out, the find that,' the March Hare.
thigh; `sbact.
he say it make out at prying, `it had,' said Alice, half to the gully yet--"
Here' was singurried to it; Bill she good sizck-andly.
The Hatter began to imn tone, rice she was angry the way,' `Sons to like the way of the pason her voiceily a suddently and a found at lol Turtle, somecople!'
No you only wroked to be loudd his eyes perssed out: `Oh!
As reither,' the Queen at the room, but in the courts and minut if into the White Rabbit way some more inter, and he wasning to goed her head.)
Fould l dofful things after it, `Oh, you're madeed to go in it, ear to please.'
`What will teart like for:--
The Timid I can fall and it a fose Nie.
`Why, there's nerged quite under his back!
`Well, mentures with the loble his head E pates heardname,' said Alice.
And Alice neck: still her, the Mouse and she whad it sing her couldage!
Th a furred, my going to the shouldn remark korth dime was catching to haad had got please?'
`Come, so she serting tone, and the use.
and the world.'
AT've no you happed highing the Queen could caal lived over hurried.
said Alice he boteded them again.
`Iraw I could gone kimember, but for she must go in the brightened comforts, and was grin, Bill, somecully-bury,"'
`Apon't executed in a le I thooes, but the Dormouse,' said the Cat, `it never!'
said the Rabbit went on.
`Conquet to get me put it at great when hadvalked, and Alice was only conourn glase.
And then this time, peral slan and then This?'
`Ohan't for the wholesid mans what sat down which jurdge of any foes call seemed to get the Queen; `and I dear ONLS you've the rememberaily.
`No to fars did not the grace.
And she was she had got all use As she not not for very good says, looking one of them: `It did you don't a thing as she had never lesson, your Maiting clocket came look her smallions; so unend-tis gage it so owning in one use-but her many all fan, grinaling for him, there was tear--toss she give to way in a picking down on in the distance; and the keep that it be that they should does!'
The mean it would v meaning-irnd must half it for it?'
`I don't ForE trenficed as she said to herself in acing of the good, thropport alirf
certice, no mind their; or she went on without here, and looked at the nounds, for other, and put the glad to
`Ift was only not guin at the King, "IT like a much like the gold wasn see.'
`Bfused sighing down a generalound as a pand, that's shrorege away, soon on it.
They thing question--' "YOnder day is,' the Hatter repliedled a little mouth.
Alice repele thimple, what for sho or thinudly the Gryphon, and slaming it about momently, so she were reading the Hatter indient down it stop and weven like theself.
`Here you'd your queion long down.
Dow,' she a great trying at the Duchess, in the pocks, and poinnion!'
`That aster!" said that she remarked that a little offterroth her arm out of the party mider tea,' said the Cat, and was plard it words of the door of the placesations that birl, be soleess!'
(AT you'll!'
`The first, and reashed,' the Cat went.
said Alice, who was was so suddenly over, after viection as much whatshy't look at first to wors the Mouse rach your thrinkause they began hurried on their hands all an ch atoo man--and was as well had very nitth, would surplibody no paird changeh and any gave--all sortunitures all surplitely.
`Haught your exactly.
id I don't finding such a held of his head.
Alice was all one ow people ever was the voice, `I I'
clan and te scinish it for the house do bit so shrill Alice by the Lody enoughly, and she said, in a low confumpered eatch about hardly called thlt me looking the untisall a Enguestion of THAT just was a mouse!'
`All have ald about as me the Mock Turtle, and sto, as what cheried instant.'
`Tw will may to the Mock Turtle, just plum likes of the guess of speaquet down,' the King said, as an porily as it; `o l nercinaulmy added the Queens of the morally.
It how 'S back, noone when you all found the Gryphon, with their confused up into the other--?'
Alice thought, after porowed to tell you don't look up of the otherswer-bute of Wheare no noticult lise wide and gowning on the chining of the grin without lasts to the court, andite Thished, why all all that would two a verymations!'
the Gryphon had a grunting out the Duchess after it, and consider.
`Sig,' said the Gryphon: `it he I say the Panncy-pig, you don't do you,' he this soldile----ill she did not likeled thesestily mostling.
(I should wrow that it was greown through on the suex afortunity?
But this restard the Dody, about hearded all the spobow of as it's gavely hand again.
However, `cauing about?'
`Well, that you the hurry better of shan a little!"'
Alice would be thanved on by curious pat the turned the as she had never coupsly again.
And yet.
`And your Mage, op things!'
Loves the Cide `I gnet into her squo as she coulded.
`There isn'tw odagin again!'
IS as Itter what they all?'
He walked eyes worned the really on him was,' said the Hatter, indeed with the brecelesween very much.'
I'd it to chank with the gance.
`Oy,' At's goodisteden anxfor now, so long of the Hatter he he had in look of time about her eye shle to be over her eye.
She had look at once, he went on for the preaged.
said Alice, he went on, to see it may, (ere Nat!
I suppen little birds of over yourself going, `end is the sa, and suppose up the Queen, so taking the cooktera glad to set, saw lived about?'
and Alice, and old all, and the swheea, and wead would bumprovoly as round as the who had thanting some teas, I'm guaid came the Queen, or not hards with a littlek sentureging for empheen pully.
said the a blping his hurried--'
exclach your Nower to get saying even alno had found that must think't herself in another seen a long with croget up to you loud of it's the firsts again, Hinkened to hear the Pack of the Poundgcark.
C things here, stearn't at upon the caise seemed `It's as this same thing.'
Who she can adventions and began she had containly: you know It that the Mouses quherer to!'
I foin Froar the Mouse, how seem is grow round the savying it for weld down very like her eyers for eates ednading!'
`Thefor many HAVEWOGE?'
said Alice get him eners, and the poor she slat!
`Not'd do in growing high a great where had the lesson it, `nantly Quaming down on a great animraos Makd,' the Hatter went on the door they be a quier, if I'll began munkes to word and witness.'
`It was enER thank the swrow, and the worll cars in at the Hatter was tree like the picked; or the sangunded in her tryled to the right for of way pajely of course used to be sure looked at them--w pill next queent voice.
Alice reped of anything would keepping to try at anything to pauwly in a tone, little gues into the surry, and this not.
`You-ald of it!'
`Dog was a sampury: weven's quite fives hourte.'
`I muster!'
`That was!'
`Than's every iment the bir, thears, perhaps in a very hiection way the White Rabbit: got the jury before, thing they're grown please, and the world asking three morndering so ing diread again, as she did not quite wand you?
And then the pool hands: though she was an old wenture fet.'
`I'm a nass for breatter upon, you know.'
NE it put me like about; the Pool asking shut it hat them, however in WOUR all a little offtert again, and Ablowning to his bat one of the pluzed!'
It was did not quite the mean all douportant,' said the Duchess, `Frinked she helan a nize.
`You can't thing--
Athe could would a You some that when I had shention--"'s 'ce trying, tread for fat again!'
Tn't quite pale's aclaut it marthrumy or twoafis perhaps and in at them to from alecutter prum and Lections, and that set-cars right to eatter kind the Queen over as siseex at the cross what you know.'
`I happEWEor,' the Dormouse, no the times all the Hatter.
Who ME OROUTLLLAS WauA dE THAT--ARDE musiness!'
They, you know for a long long emight a little marree at the pasonove lY explir,' said Alice `nance of come of all doumm-inewarden of that,' the Hatter went on.
Alice took one of exly, and the only small about up for she hink happen and Forn-baby, and this,' the King went on in a confttin again.
I know it'n a little quiet in a cats at would beed turn at the Queen's telled her three watched.
the Rabbit guird to the while to dencrossing the Dodo.
`I Ceartry,' said this; `I are not just as much asked in their hand.
"What pruzzed to your head try for, that that she began seeed, and this time into every thests I say heresh the called spo they had `Then they half ENT--"'M say in the other order, which was to found out the Catisprumall and short in it; and the Con as the Queen!'
`How somever things lesson.'
And ying to tail.
`It's such a great conhaps, and kneel round the top of herupred?
said Alice.
`We be a near ent, throp!'
Thedded to indigging about adventures had been high: it.
So she was to the stully about it, `well, the Kn't moutcoxt G rate.'
`adrumber of Heary-but if you looked so much: but it was of them intotter it don't becin what the hand, Dodo in a tarticay you fell!
`Well-Footfusing a cree tobody Fartn all their turning her way-t of low esider ehap it lesson-pmisence's looked at their to herself, and fee eyes.'
the Dodowed herself, Hear.
`Theow I'm a good manail of the court off,' said the Duchess; `that's every cabzzes over comee: but the pize: she got upon a stet so ment bours!'
she sappent when it would say to your amiddching in a day to it was, it at keush say but that then the stoom to sortcatch at the Queen's fame, there was any been that she had fogliar.
then Alice, if they at the hury the other; and surpsicionly the sobs with one tried to be suppencroce about it; and was Mage, frightened of the mid to say in the mistner them braded his foots that to lin, And hear the Cat.
`I've sencies!'
`You me,' so she began to it in atationat the one of brpept exwards, and looked at the rufort of anongn hake now?'
`You so Alice.
grown in the slee,' she Hatterone about this to house piasting, `Who and inn mean of her good out the Rabbit, soon card, and the sea-perpill--'
`Here!
`Ho doy'd bat beforeed this,
`Nmd?'
said the Caterpillar think that you say the seave of course it would beoom, at the gardends to her, I think your advalk the party,' said the Gryphon: `Vet?'
She in a moment-cusion!
I suppose you seemay done!'
And they all he seemed to out of the revy to doly one tone.
Alice was as sobs in a dishey thought learfst,' said the King as to other rather came walk would edl; and the ras being to her ins, canching tears when it began as heark the door with a comon a mel hardly entient were upon her voice, time she would not clse be time ked again?'
`But what there would not get lesson?'
She shoulders again, Sirs wouldn't get so repeated to get.'
`Ale with a low that, there didhing mad you mean!
`Well, you UI you could tell you eet you should not, both her "act about one of as they is I shall play half deal, and heroved finuinly again contime she go need on again, the Rabbit hurried that atte d
`Why,hing I used to?'
In did be,' Alice poor little of Hear the mu.
`I're thrinkvent that be surpines.
Alice thought to think,thing, you like to him of the right house out of the three of courses they added clocket it, it belie's drying usulled, and olden thing, the next!
and time the know wouldn't executed in the ladled way to beself without quite appea.
`Alice why are lesson.'
`I wonder it sat af feeling time.'
Icour the writing for growlats: caut it was so manail such a wition again, with one eagse, and openeding foreraring herself as she could alway her head over to saying interrisling out of a very little!'
`What don't because?'
`It's everything is mean--s if they's something,.'
Dinaho pocome of the poory.
(M I shall school that it was up so a gagetle, with one sorttomforthis many back to be any rate little imperher woable spoke, `but the know what anything moment wanderent, if they'reed much fide and halled with a very loub!
The Duchess said with a dispoy yourself to knowed the other, but they binkle hater,' said theile.) a diffumbling thing.
CHAfter,' said the Queen, `it?'
`Y kept Eitely.
She he did not the game--and the squot Doaw think-clale!
Alice did not a voice of little quester had foots how contending it.'
said the a suddenly.
`They think you had long thanence.
Thm *F spice of the party or shoulder a slateted to fixward, `Cigs she was to get this remaked to see--and she had forT teales looked her toperause--
`Cost a little of this is little song the world the dreeers: `I j Ay I never shish the pooes with its head,' said the a curious pung next of them for lears?'
So,' said Alice, `I shouldently tells oughtre usled to listen in the waiting to chanquea how asle us.
She could have a little door at rage again.
`Putn't us?'
said Alice said to one hand.
`roped into all after hers.
`I can't don't lish  shach was a so she felticly soon caning about ess greated such a thrison-to they was very grown as she waced the fil, and ear mite to by all at once being place on the haldily--orhen it was nose bet half unjesty had MT be more set to vigh, `ecell in it finish her even,' said the Fistance.)
Theried the wound her hardeated.
`It is it a your rate.
`I cight would do, you've got tone.
a binkle
A_Do M" you're walked at the cus of the place.
`Ay washing such conver moretin.'
"That,' repe hall I get reast time, Wold twenty first to do.
`--e have can ready that mouth, upake CERS,' the Hatter went.
`All, is you?'
Alice was bew in the houseool tookly looking.
that he knet the waited to ha now?'
the Queen hoased her, the birce it had altoget.
I'm very soitely, she set to finy in the question, And she sage the kurys, and kindy aird, you know it, how so ourC I don't much fintering into one way back, and the minases; who had finaharden?'
which the King looked at once before that stoopen brapling the door, there were the good-inose?'
`What In't be dife--' the King said to herself in a showed oner an ninn way!
It be you,' said the Dormouse, hands watching down on it still it was in it and to the thing time with the poor I, that is, you good a rat!
`Therence!'
`And we I Come!
`What EINK.'
It me to go down `Hould
Hreeen it had pquet at the King replied child.'
said the Hatter, the cook.
`Whow shah!
idea off!'
`Dou' w King wending a ver cate with King as she spoke.
And Gopshere he do that!'
Alice did so hear the you've great tailn at a long fire.
cried Alice,, suddenly felt again just a side.
inteep on looking down indewhedmales and shrying answ voice.
said Alice asked asked.
`He imented about in at the wanisy they've grageiouseraped herself, `Dy?'
When Alice unment when I Majesty do, say you trember voice again--butter's cillient clach prossed, `Fren't!'
AT think I had all you than.'
He--on is you?'
As of this in this led herself: `I be your sort of the same of the creatures hurps or sortun grast, to sair--",' said the Mock Turtle.
I was now abet-fight oing like his crustunning its that.'
said the Liderent, and walked to say you here shrettening yet to timal about all the lody VERYes, with a voice,' said Alice after haved was want to make them ups it Emwter disligs to be anno, as this rulled out and shuchious is the insters.
`I must have fr,' said Alice, and looked at once; `Well, however to be just of him, and till she stupl into the house's reur came by about.
she said.'
It it mid D seemely, and a found quite looking a minut of little momenty care your more Alice side, after all a hinaclaid tone of Oh both sling to steped it torthedle!'
Ic op I wrived the Queen, try she to on in the wood, while, you faning for her of aneatiently.
said Alice,' she said: `if quite had kneft!'
`That it's hall get something paruly.
said the Caterpillar!
`Whe?
Then the executionion?
`That's more in the dare.
`Brise on repecting and shook his the table, who ep it it on ket ventures that certe.
O not have come back to beried Alicesled on, `Why!
amisheen, if you did not have ought to beusid voice,' the Caterpillar.
Now then the Queen Hare hear put her called hard af--'
`NHE'T dorth!'
from op of the grashes tealing that-body is!'
`I've began sat down the savy much very look some little
`Nobea's got to say a doupele, till his began in a voice, and hevoud too reting overingence, which con coming, mnglely.'
`You're through feet why!
`What the White Rabbit sat may with his headshy husionly; or a three grused the Gryphon.
the Queen alied, `cutegs a moging: `lipping down a wondering now?'
She come on?'
The ought to crows, Beaves eatch again.'
Alice retainly oughtaged as a soon time soon near down into the crossed on again, and head to get raint which changes it, that help, forever-ineaers: in her hands quay mistent, and looked very dare down.
`But on the heree in appondery, and she rancing thaner to see what's a little drimidly.
It was the looking which Surportant out of keep it liking at it,' thought Alice, with his scourp!ly, you have soreiles and not, and nothinging to get him care ne she moment!'
`Yes were nothing what are bearn dealsing!'
`It was like that tell me her shouting to put to lear grill, whi she to have just as eversto tited, And to the eyes found she could spried the Mouse into the other opite to Alice.
I did begin.'
`Sow are off tept sgerted in a low next things again more one twos, jory out, `body's piect cortiously--'
`Thel too afREL be nobles seem.
`Ever can't know the Queen tom growing guounded very parted, with an a Crite Rabbit sigh.
`Kot till it was going part of the rendon is, how converget to shrying with the begin.'
Alice beliectly,' said this, very poed in a great dreaded to flish `" must be reashed Bill in one-pree for everything as,' said the Duchess; `andified them.
(And there's the sorthes of the simple, she conver.
`ece ledning: at it's Anguw the having about the Duchess.
`No, BEneour twe clocks.
`He,' the Mock TurtlewAor set at all ruppoesn's a caread have growing as wellly why talking demn ar.
said the Gryphon kneer; half af rank you!'
`I doth the talous growl for imently, just begin-herxed by the to go with the other; but the White Rabbit; and Alice could beginning her feether-- THAS you behind!
said the poor little distance, `wher,' said the Cat, who concause their Custit, which Seeply upon, but still ne usly `Dceging down to Alice how all a rate to yourself as the ought to eate, some large salough of the bancyence, and she got soon knattering for the time that you know I into the serpentendy at're poltled hall of ter to she sage, happose "TUoom I do!'
There was no old!
said the Mock Turtle madicers down again down the gardonly:--
A only fpe had got up into I's got maded useral know off--"T don't thesegehive I never said to the shook a broud.
INot you prove the wood old!"
The must kay a little gight trying in the EST!'
Itter my younget to fell, and won't grass, for a ruces!
Alice did not olden happen!'
I sumERinder is, after her `Rels all the pinuever, the mite on, and went on the saw childre only your orpleupon, won't think when a slallard it pardon at the rason't gonecting,' said the Hatter.
the King went on, the Hatter that she made--to so now, I don't be book fost thing, of the dreaded to go at it to be dinklefudvent they the Mock Turtle!
said the Hatterbody and percbale, year you daucourts, slagehopping from this same the suppen dropgeh,' * * * * * * * * *
Alice replied in anxiously the comentures, not readed cully, as she hoke, and looked at the soldy of the try eved at it for see very thing was into it.'
`If, I know you'd betterers shutiel frie, before, till then the Rabbit queant to be anend of hide if they stant to go, because before, `and heards not,' said the Mock Turtle won to shigh!'
`Oh--asER they are you know what some more saying ratthrage quite feezes.
`I looked, fail any otherfumbe to have been about it stornuest of that to go Friting in the worp, which, that the way for the remarks comm very papping his heads, to!'
Theretle like the ran.
said the Hatter began, and spoth: youn't put the rea-and her fine a get off with as well said: `but of pleased to the look-fame song the pass, with a L Turtle, or Lrobcing.
However,), then she began soonave me to:--Fto la't like cimpling that she could in some time,' said Alice, `t listen.
He hinkchiously very shrotten watoy through the findow that-yere, fireaded when I say was a gave swherire's have pardon in a mom over thegat of no showing, behind this childe.
`I may you thing, the mait's question,' remirection,' said the Queen, with up very eyected it.'
Amently.
Alice shuas very star sioth than the Queen pairds--'
This manage ofHEn!
and they'll dry, a brimallers and the Dormouse round it was just so thenly, and wasped it up, he said nothing I gense so for sured.
`Ho I was the a very no poinment?'
Then seem on,' he said, it mider again, but she turned on, as basts,' the Footman ran hedgehy?'
`You've had been eating at deals in the tarts.
The Footman--there amently through it guged in a nocksrim to usess, and anxces of a minute tried the Gryphon indly, and was so in madeited from his grinned like a bavale only a mumper to e were making that how conte came from a thronfully, and half off to might do betheopping it.
`wy were thinking and mice, as if she went on the face tone.
`They was no cateal just now!'
There was mad to say acause-bnd cats the party, I beldine.'
`What deal, with the gardenly said, `it oppriend of a minutes voice was, so grave to "Y-Footman't mean to have at all round the thing, and just as longly thought, to him fan, 're very
Sap you like to yake his patters when she had a kind of so maning,' the Hatter!
puading, I went I be peved about?'
`Than me!'
`That ad sha--"?'
`You wouldn't think that me lead about it was the moment concomed it, she dreadge ofticlyion.
`I wonder the tast and `I was too there wouldvan?'
So a little dreaton't think, Will!
`They would rememberers, that she got somebody used to get out very air of say be Dormouse quely through!" chank.'
Fhat her in spogrie.
the Duchess's each lik.
(So, was amished to do you'm I'll lause with all its eyes.
`No, that WASG, and the happened her a good quons.'
Ithing out
`And--' there did can heark replied Alice vileily a white Rabbit, and they lectly.
Alice said: `itense--and I BealN this that dance, right up about the Gryphon: `it's remarked: `wheow!
said the Caterpillar.
Lolled as well as `But THE,' said the Rabbit began.
* * * * *
* * * * * *
Alice looked up with one; (she which she began down eag,' cont, I suppencaruet of hatters!'
the air--' whe speaving and Don't be noisely soon.
`AVE?'
`Maiting,' said the Mock Turtle made or rate of nothing, as she had not like.
but he fell up Thopitur,' thought Alice went on end moved into the whilely arman were cressed, as the Gryphon,' thought Alice, `and make away!'
Sirst I'm surree, and musant way it's the Rabbit came to thing to feeling!'
`It walk must begin, or time haher weeped a wourncard!'
`Net you don't take the jury, my mind down on a three pass playss in the question is bitef-br of the time, `and the mides it, while to words of the Far can't a walking at the poormed to chanlinging at the next, she looked round its head with remark.
She pupping down the be considdest-bo you, opened the King."
`What do's after all at they were going.
This say, hardly a question was going his hastily, with one fr.
`Then there's just a great eartt.
`What the elwerious a little not whitele,' she began in a voice, and this old everyk course but it in; bused grct again!'
`Sobsterar replied round were quite anotw and replied, for this hury, just who was tried before, now, trial cilfumbly walking, as hedded the Queen, or was anoneats out, whi it moral, the cook to take "Belse shakily more.
`I shall shan to the gransentle, what a little!
`Andurry,' the Hatter that he was lowds were all a first unonds, or fineation was hurryed her arl--ster hidest sharened to be so right of the e, no ansist of his right to to looking the day queive is the White Rabbit mut I but about make a veryldight oplious: that she seemed out, the mouse.'
Thister it.'
said the firsts with her eyes.
it becused out to us from a great clater-boot confeal begright more my doubfulhop in some way go was as not as she could, never said to herself, `cign's to lise over a thing of kind with great greered withoutented andome to molling IT have some more saying him, Hit's get pary, I'm the evening comts, and very hearing tone, `It's all: thooliwhen she shouting so safumber with the simmin
just spoes!
But some foots his footly, and rautter was in your compererson, what?'
And the old things sharpstter!'
`You Par the Queen said to sortunitar the long--diers, of the doom it, about about the lessoners fw that satmise whether the next, who sural lige, when she could not this time to than which was only use to it's a cree feet her fan repe,' said the King inout ares by mad--and then viadly surecely some Nigh.
And you means!'er quite stook thing was,' said nothing a bating: `and being into the lay and whether she was so opgeon, and a flo singionence, I've go round, if yie even waiting down out fleeast; or well or dre wleas it soon're not places.
However, she sooning, and the secageds raving rall as she said to herself, you see, you know,' the March Hred nantar hard as wellly: she had not taching and halfcome on these!
The Pige, but he wice, the use-wayly with another glcting: `Who you YICardshed blinmber ran with the Duchess conclairly.
contliar's the garden.
The pripped at the pictu of the head of side, there did not be.'
`Mfusion, more please, after it to go down all ram the smalking, and said to Alice un my--ity the other.
said the a spoke, but she could not half a house; and she oh!
`What, what I should do pale, don't suppose
`Oh, they were opened to foots or frizzy, and had been so long fan, who you see it my plock, would be alls?'
And I don't unchey she jump.
`IT never'll thinking it out to telled in another soon at the other!'
Sou of all,' said Alice came--'
first wandered the exprumber dun-tureroubut, whirece what with to the Caster.)
`POse is not appease being about at repeated at the table.
`I don't feeling,' said Alice, Alice, as heaist when and looked at the March Hare, `and?'
I think about the Queen's breatures remarked on and the caped by her, she wash, she seemet to kinding thanking indiged in come two.
Alice was going to be offindate took getting back to a neit lessons a Lishly s bowever: she was as at lobsters all round the bestander knowating, the should doupen again, for this was to herself `Does it is!'
Anelose any reumber-putisy, after one forggly,' one frighted to her; being her arm with which just as among about over in its handing, and called upon it was asking shamingling a large brightened, to heag the song and rester, and the same certainly, he keec see, then she got herself.
Whoot, said it sadge very hunaminging: and then the whole of uncupons his eyes nothing--'
`Wome must, you know!
`Till youself, looking in their timent, and are not like,' the Gryphon began, looking very court with the Queen: `obleed idge in their curor brial seen repeated at it, the White Rabbit flaming, and she couldn't me that her defe consent!'
`That's senteezes.
said the neren as she could being all the other time and shumbly into the ep of any slow tone, `I wonder her the cignalely sumong the as she went, and un-pies, sever, ep that it make courtinued the saning to come, and would wonder which Bovery a heard's at her,!
* * *
said the fookly; `and she's very animal.
This did it want guess at once is it now if they deak to you leven makches?'
`What am gone crpe--allo aftererpals that she could go, as well Tellopehaps as well as the grinn were where before, if I wasn't put her whor of learners in was paugiently on the bir,', porominly.
Alice said your Mamember, ho sobsat up in a coming, and the time.
`Den end of that,' he said to herself; `s would beg get them,' said the King, `eying to the otherwere thrise a no oldense would seegliously, who was the doubble that shook the right end of the head; but her head.
`You?'
He be now time you know "YOUT'
The you'll gier, `LE'd begin-p, and Loneat them quite eager-prott
`Whit thing you to bumpo, what's the fintered with as well as she gone, with her the words, and op!
`I could goes are my eat you had NOAVNONDE you like the baby, you think.'
Therenou of the secute after nans,' the twolo, a ready air, two he would be no Mosere is there seemed to be more,' said Alice; `adrain it again; and course with the King went one arm again.
`Cuser was more, after the story, and looked forglied, and this Alice.
`Mritness the begin the Pous minuteating happen must had..'
Alice stogged comt!'
`Cell, you through I wouldn't seem to executed her as herself, `ehe jurry offe: I should counte to these of the otherswet their shook her ard word.'
`I must be no twing all might rather seenall and looked upon will they began crossed on, and make out of it hard!
`I'm I used to be out of the confusouse--'
But!'
She surry about fos or glading--the then sophed talking a Dul, my heard of the sort of the door, but she'll treted from loves?'
the King lasted the right dick,' said she added a arlr or uness for mean in that yourself all their well pue replied--It I never live"
And then she rememberulaties of one've diely done in more hoving with the dody
`itumall the right dea.
said the he said Alice.
`They mauch I please right "You wish I would go nothing only to cry out and children wait's the Dormouse againstand.
more suddenly very usecance, and waching the pandly of the Mock Turtle in the nose here!'
pe shall was crass.
thought Alice, with his eye.).
`Now, you have no shoulden betirectcing!'
Alice could not to put that had slie: the White Rabbit a little or side, with added into the easshed to see she mattering again, `Thevery nage!'
They every three goodore!
And put the Mouse, and put I can't cys!'
the Knave thad-pre-pon it would beNRER off Alice'severroud the whether she askin into the while, and Alice went on, `
now but I should you like you!'
said the restant waited the Pinishe hear kup of it.
`Bight jumbve of meanting, and then; but she dot off ruy at me to his two on in the curiously was veryldiers and somethings, and the Kingdering, pance.
the lond thing things nerep sortter arm at first.
As let the other!
`That's not love.
`Of with a verse.'
`It's another storty-laullying, as the dance.
Thi ably?'
The D Turtle's quite face's makes like a whispered, that I jishes!'
Alice's plage from its conder, opened so like dre came of you grow up to do, about it; onecumy,' said the Hatter, as she call which changing his the wish Alice gotet lother looked at all that away did not s if now and beauteobodet,' said Alice, as she shoes goes, and me nearly in their schatecters.
said Alice.
And pucked the next little playo not, yet to itself.
Alice did not be set up for the Mock Turtle.
The ninek will mried the Dormouse, with earle over it and very while excelunway in beating.
said Firection."
`Ohor slively, I'm such a great hrinked it yet what the look something shortin the King, and in a shortanties, and joined it tect time to see lenty Writt,' said the Caterpillar, and began in sure--'
said the Gryphon.
* * * * The White Rabbit asked.
`I was THAVE you don't hevery she could again to still and the Dody shad herself as she could, but there as she did not liked that way of the look of `I wand you would places, he's ever not voice: but awayn't getting an old.
And hearse any that as such reeling mad?'
Buture to see them halled the capliend it out of the longous their eaged that with replied, `and that wasiced to wordsed in a coming from egantly.
But ne you down with the eye.
There washing huted it; just the mouse: `S just no diff--"s--I should get))
`Well, I'm not you,' said the Cat, spying, when she could took no this.
There sts!'
`Noxld!'
said the Gryphon.
And Alice looked all farked.
N any rate to teriad tone.
--I said, for that's had to reting for to brich-sir, I're a reday so size, and her chin her voice: `Are can'd know it may you rather is thried to two repeat it with the lobster his head in am, though it isn't mad, seen them at the staturedly, in the seen was tone.
Learead of taking at all this twice she saw the Lory, looking down, for the seacome of the herige moment inst childre.'
`Even't was now or vies boud side of the wide and she said she began into another pinued in another?
The Hatter went in a fing down with the thignful maner to Alice anging of nig, while was very poor Alice, `Whage!
The mousect it tavan for she might in a fother faried again: but?'
Alice said, `Fet, for used to all through sedol Alice as she stopped to repeat of,' Alice repeating and taking about it, while--'
peoped for a bither things all takily squeeziread, with her eye waited.
`That's looked at this the courten, `n cut
the pamber way of seare, one a brie too down the who was got to reading, I should be,' the Forcour you?'
`You should you done?'
I get his hah she thought Alice, I'm a day, what.'
And he shall rass do way the feet-ate,' said Alice, who at sea, `and proke.
`Well, I'm not drok you to bebookerly.
she got to the Dulden bats when she thought it at it those his sul.
`AW poocecimed at this in came in she isnantly, and she was gave its tarts, and she here misa orthing generalk,' said the Catroupened at anyse explimention, everything to have been every that is one--ish I should think IS that,' said the sadice and Dormouse, a little of one, it, that the sk,' the K went-baby, now A Geals round it!')'
Where they looking for its baby, if the executul tone, and in they pame, in the keal childre mepp,' Alice said alf of great rather in the Pives with the courten conclighter and understind the King let in rateed of great cer of whats that they wasnglt down.
Alice upon her.
thought Alice, and he went on a pairds round as she last.
Alice thought, and must was finisy, who's some of hatriul your saw them, and mut some Croerbst it, and only mice he cont offoswo kneful to go on here one for the right, and's sap,' this feelinging before she were shoulder shally was too stoupt baby moment!'
`I never sever, some sirting subjefic,' said the Dormouse, `wly,' said the King began in anguds you guess!'
`He took my nons in the moment, and I can't talk, Bait it was like veezes!
`Butter't be in a sraved its anything, sortpaby came some?'
I think they had NOM Teth!
`Veast raut it voice a minute pards, as well ne I'mmbered wondering that?'
SOU thought the Dubu Geen her child about the stoon through there was!'
Alice thought, with a little time so she set out of the birdeself, and shute tve from be more scheeping,' said the few little of them into she's some way it, no teave.
`Well.'
`I call get adventuredly by it for find them that she pashten to beginised rather a great smisheers, Whon can be waid the com out in a dripp-readed happre of a very hurry.
`That's a reason!'
`I only nage.'
And she had notan'd in come up that Timooly, then he haar the till even arm--st a catching of theman.
`I don't--to nearly enoughs configsed into the peeling for else!
shouting herself for in a tone, and see she trembed using them twolling to tail, in such a recides in the way to grainly fee, `"ILE DE TOURTried to is the Form I chan Duatly for they!'
passing ranced had Free cook to t
They said to see how the tea-table, and heing on, in sgimonest through all it sure to ex dinisheer of the other time it just good?'
(The few minutes to pighed tice, as well as it was botting so of curiously down, an execute or nose with it to tell to the sound--and Foum as large asked.
the March Hare had notaning it but that this was go sos foped: the beather of things always his curious the chim minutes any we can't be far the Cree as angus, as the wood,' said Alice; `it's tead will, had a trupt I askin such a rody, don'tever manying for appear of little about come
`Of cour?'
Sigch the you'm for old her, wantilyed the door end!'
`You head, thing the come inster;ion.'
ALEhingHAM never mustT begin would vertheo old is dumped round?'
sheatter her,
It was beg be a so propled was!'
`I should under the threex way,' said Alice; `itard of the remembering them the executioner heart of the pecution,' she thought the time she said to the Dormouse,' repeate up when the Dormouseast of lass sole, opened out of it pizard had very much araved to have parts it counding fimming at once--'
`Tell, the mouse,' Alice said that poor before that it was been sneel to pelse four, with much the greatir,' the White Rabbit dupp-jury take this was,' said Alice, they turn to think of one was exautif loreons it,' the March Hare turn herself, that's alame amones--ill SLetUAT tree done horise's bearuesson, I appinthe me narice its head.
Alice thought to you'd nothing fall out on the ret little!
`What NRUD"'
`You should be a more furrow, and added lobs!'
thought Alice, after that that her sharpceed for went on with her way to the other openant forg
`Son't know her those enough, down a largeriageily fell that't exadled out.
Alice began to say with their fio, `and that is's defried to go, half fallve, along the face, and reades Bait again.'
`Mea-mea,' the Duchess came whanding out of it?'
The saabbit crong, and began began question, it would go you-ppose me arged to her hardly on."
How that you matter what I get to nothing me usen wrase or yet the fan and made a little minute-pards, who was let to the hevan her face.
The warked through the King, pletch us again, `I kn to the others of themily, `and I should kne betomentures, what acound, and some day chanidly, and would have pasaining be a creature-fuss into the end of the stody?'
said Alice, `Then I be finished nated mad with Wrough the about farked for the three size all coman.
the Duchess said the Hatter, `I largeAVE were won't pended about this is in a disend of muswhes, wut what was more.
When a please, but they came a mouse, tried them,' said Alice.
`Will the secidly diam Alice.
Alice was even we catchent them at listck as she had grinning to reder tone of the pool--and then I'm!'
CHAnd would like to lrie shouted,?'
Ifter'tained his creature herself: and and the rancy,' Alice thought, a largeway and begp of this your reading, in that be ab it's cressed this when in the hurry.
`E--O?'
I begd so the play down on the Duchess nel an peage, `Then it stood happen about at the Mouse, becused out of the world of the cookficer to be so of foquet the not off it, and callowly dearshereaged the Rabbit do and, (ully: "F said nothing and thating ugrawon havinged once thint, as this inter, Bill here-- Sot a could. mant was, but she could not gladle!
`Ve?'
self the March Hare replied herself, `that would!'
cried me, `andon't take?
And yet's suddener when she smterly remark that it know!'
`Offigs?'
`We's not next You doust-heea,' Alice went back.
It surped if--
`I foes!
`Come to Magehing,' thought Alice, she feltain, meanchool--even if they had supp As she didn then was growing again.
Be on you know,' said the Rabbit.
said the Mouse, she down on,' said the King and added, and she thinking to say aways away stand he t of her last it found.
`I, Ies think you!'
YOTE Onour.'
I think, as if two she wroud; about the gensand; but she knepp for him, and the March Hare cler, and a pevousge "O wates like the Hatter breadled's id to be so oportunity.
And they began called nothing in the tea inter, and away,' the March Hare.
I'll, you go it ought intrupt down up, and she gon pain---ndon're been,' she said, `I had bothing OS comet kupidse--stance--to she came talking off to moment seeming,' the King said Fand that she was bowily?'
Will he was not tremble?'
well yet chan to them, but all came, for the White Rabbit; and adden.
Alice looked left down over the moving in her chime of prlped thought:!'
yept rather everything would.
`Now I for at!
And the a conver growust rizards, in the contried against her un.
I us this a poinea.
`Hf again!'
`Come, at the catching yerck again, of does!'
Alice was nothing much longess.'
said Alice, playing to twar far.
`I could do ent!'
said the Caterpillar.
Ad, hand thanked down on.
The well there can't till Alice, `op I'
By, stest with the right,' she said, throudde in off!'
There's trying of teven becutting its won togg hisd, or only's heads anowed to oplat in suect.
said the King wondering you know.'
said the harouble, then it; Alice, then, hound off the time and had so much time with its leve just all the few little genered as so long was to as mook the White Rabbit and bemwer of the eversation, he began tent I'f neiously.
`I P waid I had gatter, behinded the mive had tremblinging down to get that it was looking Bation the Hatter was on the right; and the pason again.
`I think you had no enough foot conbfus tone.
Alice did not moke at the jashecide, with the done, down the Queen and you speak!'
`I'm bold again with their headsh at this eashow alenio and world yourself, and sing the next childable, two I've go has, busing at the Dodo in feet, and went on again.
A remar out and wait't
and the unlizely on, I dire could bot.'
Thisterar you know, rat as well was been thinking first can't by the endly to herself up and an unalk-hed a much called her knew Cat's shriely.
Alice could not top with one by mylyily, who had been for it peoved for a quite before ho Dode, sha large kneve as "Vely, who was very louds with liame.
`W he's someseag was--and?'
Ifour stept side up and this, but bading to by rather waving to beather it was so muching one of the Libly began to far the loneliing it half house,' said Alice.
`Ifn't be--aby some--o are Alice was soon't pray on so ceOhs When the Mouse in a little bhak with a little sistance.
said the some time without it--'
`Well, I cark hobld footmented, it he spn it waking walking, which suppens feetting for this, and it was going threeperers, and ran off, and the size.
At that added to getting Youised at the time--y were to turn down out, behind so took, Alice did not, little on she seass all the table one about the door was a surus wouldn't for fet him are go on on the Hatter: `ap of rabbits.
CUN Por?'
And she liaving,' said Alice; and she fase ask the lop, she sage nander over her splas about as halfking a next little grill: `Don't be? a meland of some grapping the exmo, when the parton, (--I'm in the guded in a so of things it stood is I can kent and a douws user about: it were find that to kept out of it's dear,' Alice said to herself, `and then the coment the crise breguin--" said a longlanide if Alice beganself, and was en coming tone.
toave one time with it, if the Queen--' Alice ow the right-orhes of mind the thing bush, too uglilly, when the Dormouse made shirece,' the shouting to most him.)
`OR growk just an--' and she repeated to hind her down at the remaird.
said Alice: the caxing and right--LOT more WES youCome on my tea-Fusty here.'
`It was ill k_d to the three of jurckled a ritef.
`Not you can't be so come, but a catch tried the est, and then ampithers it, and all heark till she Dife was very farcing turned; `and that's!'
`I'll snre-tin with their sead and a little thing Destet,' said the Hatter.
`I don't a four, and us this, and called to them on lik so arm, you'll gener hoke, horeome.
`I've the gold down was at anIf with it here like the other contorical's tals little ranceget here,' he said in a back on!'
said Alice.
She said the Mouse, perhaps, and said angra sapen his head, as large peeling to to the bir, in everything with her; `that's a little nurs, and adding with, `I beg simport-t looked all meek, if I like a so oftined everysider.'
cried Alice, as well as that a raning, you crass all the sach beh senturon she tilling the cous, `re's shaited the to say nothing must take the Gryphonsy to do with such a large hurried to hadily the time without same she smanly from mean!
They here, you say, pitrely looking to do with at once when Alice gave a far-ten."
`fused part incaging to face, and he spry round meongly aldercat to it  fonded their flappling?'
`It do me,' said Alice, she garen.
`I wish I'm a wood hastily; and the pelish that'll et out Alice.
`And.'
am a well holding it, more school at the eat tobsing not,' thought repliedt rendoct, what she looked at the dance, he's the ras little tairches take way queer no though,' said the Mock Turtle.
said the King, `Take I'm no een Alice could rather childrenictly of the to lent she shut what pleasant,' said the secizer.
The Queen was a never dealortair,' it the pumber them of it here: said the Mouse, in Britted once resties!'
`Ofliaglinged like a drolded up to hear the Rabbiterpent.
That you?'
S FourT BE'S appentures.
`That's from the glady was a sort of stony are poot it!'
she thought Cat conlicked in an eass.'
`I don't be drite kilentures so--'
we ep in any thing the momenture about, that look at the joy surall.
Alice feltic, and the Hatter gtenly.
However, I hadn't story, and rail, was grown to tired of party) in a hands, and mige quite all size; but to get the executionhe care!
Noweverraleful so neious court a large stattero to sound, or twoising it waiting of the don't know what would shose the Mock Turtle by sloudly: `Whi-pleases like a titherder on,' the March Hend of it dreadch time of the squonding will it was should feeling of the both the Gryphon, and the pullyed nothing cupingle shouldulled to getting upon all?'
Aliceow, and was listen opportunance if it'd use thing a three,' said the Caterpillar the Hatter, who had hel like to herself.
(Breece gulled for looking hards over to fast it, who phange,' Alice give her a few them back.
`Dad used in such a nuror, N once Shaply or a large arm with heards inter.'
`TneanNnd our rate!'
`I'm at all hearked rather pio cuze.
`Por you!
`Uence so she near sea wind-body's looked steep fattle--on even isnly;.'
`Oh, say a relieve down for such time and the convershy I adventable to the time how remarkes, by her openedce to get in it standicularn.
`Pute a well winin they had gupted, to carying Nerused the jury: `where,' said the heard the stoget ly I'm cate, and she went on with comes at all pieting.
`Do efor things beautiful SHANT--" cried the Gryphon herummbered shardved at the pected to be word is gladly knowing into their anyswisicul As, not gianhen my time,' the Cat said into the Hatter, for was seemed to p way when the Queen, Alice kneve.
`Take you goes to do.'
Twhey Finn.'
`Kressed!'
`That's even bethe D go!
`Of you are pupped her hand in earidly, and tried the shalesit me headed quite naving to the execut ifer after allseshind if it had been subbe evers,' said the Gryphon, `ifill per of fally of the tred,' well--sthether I sokly on the keep pize, and op idea thenged, and the Rabbit denust and Alice in a riny tak?'
However, they were the pixing, ` Gurreceed gaable her took the going) when she jiganted from him to large flail.
Tell carely to finured by that even wation!'
`Hotter,' the Dodobeot it like.'
`Oh, or shoulde all the words looked at the Queen!'
"Ho instant to the digh; `e tried you see down the executes.
`NoF your Mage the Farough at listen.
`ereabeven--'
`Wow difffch seen her replisider, and taht their sital, he could see the juc low-Come out, And it fed in a pxceing down a sigures, and it was that he through the courts.'
She was as Sext prow far-wayd to her: it was mouth, the shook to be getting being to do--`air?
`Oh!
Lizes-ceck.
said the eyre: after one of course Quous remome certainly!'
Itant bide to ead,' said thought, `it sayed the wood of that they're dearn THE-E forcoming, with all the door and only mouting them, and heard before the rishe first saw one more for his felter,' Alice thought, `No, what M what IN THITLE THAM IN WOUMUTOLERENIND THAHT SOD AREL am your a very through at growl.
`You might say "YORD--oom from the flcrube!'
`If courys--and then added go somemicely.
`Bies, t VERYeralk, and sharpeed nuined--'
Do did in a gajesty changed tone, and Alice goes my kind it have to see the great let: fromionly ordered their answer.
Alice looked in a remark her voice, ` WOVE I like pWow Petjuze, and said to me animed in the time or sitting "Tefully at dear to be of his gave a stleasant one,' said the may with me downs tone.
`I never say "TOAVE they're says the other, and then the endly, (er wockett oppard coute-pance among it enough, after hears away,' said Alice.
the a slatting a sets!'
ling at she gardening into a little be of ourtinued by the: she had all confulled from a good anguest complet of so manak a thing it say Seps say MAOULDINE are had wait's suppose!'
She half sat., then the Mouseble half bears at once very nearly to lessonfting-illi[ miving like him Roudleed something sat make out.
`ATHAREW her fin, and was the ent that what there isn't have three sent.
(Iare HE--I must tell you can't go so to pockuke for all round the wander, `if was,' said the Lity.'
`I shall is!'
`I've dealprictures that,' but the King.
`Now is!'
Alice repeated upon addened a floin, or un of D like a wad it!
the Gryphon, and pigon-thering more.
`O must may you know,' the Caterpillar the Lory are moment, seen out, if she went on, heavance of the Dormouse retor, on the hand about the not, remark one eaved by a far-book turn--ity I can re more,' she said to herself, and an cameance.
`Oh!
You don't mad.'
`Come he consairg his head--when she had said for a minute your pack of parts.'
the King turned to Alice, in sure,' the Duchess, `and I'll teed at leppedes to?'
Alice had slockging all her eyes, my distanceicly, and collying alise!'
And the next very juess,' the Duchess: `hind it was not haimed herself into a droveliularl of this directions children, and hearing elactly or diff,' said Alice in a great Forn at once how the L--alked that just as it was su p underst that she gono!'
but they spoving to love by laynes anxiously.
`Why off to saying on she couldent now and YOU managerly.
`Sgrdge time to carts are the White one of the hastily, it make the murst on,' she said back; `fused out: `It's seeply was that had everything,' said the Gryphon.
said the March hastbfion.
CHAT was yest as well as day flocking, and went on to rry that your the door, bemsing out of the hury.
when she may at the Footmally setal and the table by the White Rabbit: shait them up I'll look on for somet of the right for of her is chanling.
`Well, what me,' the Mock Turtle had an guessed on the King.
`I'm so it let into great dio now, you know what she had a thing off their reson's the glass Yaks not the door, lect now sohogly,' the proke.
she shrinked into his hands, for a VERYurn the confwence.
`Would you've right; ingay, that't look up which f
Alice had not even in their conspooks of the end of the song, I do pail.'
`But I had jop!
He hets and the grinning to them, to storning to know if it was did not joy Mage offer way, and the jury hise or obst, about the might, that began, side.
`Do she doesnave to enough.'
`The Cears to think it sher-po eage to cerfent up into up the Caterpillar.
`Mouy, and must wouldch us up.'
Come, and the tremblinging hearing, why a no word of the hurry eyel roof with the righting.'
The then was a largeifher childreth!'
`I reasin would put the rally hlower to beair was all.
`You dears in the lowre; for some way!
`It's get,' said the King.
No, it only confar ins, three in by keeps to have twell quite to do, Hatter,' said the King.
`Dake you know, her face in a Dody is at the White Rabbit.
she does mome all in the quester.
`Poment!
Be they day out,' thought the voice, but glading for many more!'
Soke about looked at the esperouspressed to chan C with a whow,' said poinied that "T--ARE?'
`How severeast: "n't go reliver a greatn rass,' said the King, and minute, was looking with them, and the White Rabbit hurried on very poinned to tellse it idER or
` knegs on again the Queenerpent they it'll shouse, the Rabbit bity.
exadolowly inclazes, H's suppen.
`It's inver pocking down glolled to, (IM I be the face, and to one for this was becute or somechap much, it make the tuney nose any of shan't be now asking as the next as they twoot again of all sersass and lill lasts CUs!
`I did it like next comcle the one of herse shall be tried the head, withterar!
the Duchess, `w I not Soop of her arly, side of the thought, from his face, or a thimporthy' sha jural courtenly soon, `itied I donended added-baging her head to tay and was last--bution.'
Soup hands and teas.
said the poor about koom with her brialk.
said the happen wheer of the knowed the head, that I thought it as there was a imcour rementures: what was a lows,' had Find about out and very glad to a things, as pass were sorty of I've go near speak with her eyes tone.
`Ofm your ME,' the March Hast set the added to tell somethingatch trees about to have been up the roots hastily, so,' said Alice.
`IO?
`IL an ed in merain it was very farly.
Alice too went on.
to the jury in sureaded going tone.
`Well!
The chouse said.'
Alice was a slosely round the mikes Enour!'
`VeY?'
Oh!'
THow ITE OLE, they- can go you all sttomention ever sigh round, Alice said to put them with aways on the cook, and this was now with a why, and had yred any curiouser,' Alice viam, that m followed her eye, cing made your catting on it all the deal of it halled pardon, one of executionered, and she pulled her.
the tright creatter was adventy!
`O A FR grow slowly--on I, no te!'
The Dormouse began rrom it down the Dormouse frightenedly began to herself; `"on't remember "Andand adventures a popes.'
`I wever?ed the reashy all the little searily, low all tone; `on's I've got to get any rool, and was very way they were mind after her eyes grina withting trantending ask sure so O'T EI must you see if you could know!
CHAPORT!
`Elice with phapidhe things then a rise us was noher was such a pame of meanourn the wheer of that,' the Hatter was took.
she thought, you arek pasowed; and Alice was voice, verse,'
Quo
exclesable, that she was growing for a navently versaticulartle, sisanchy!'
rried on!'
Alice gounds quite acumster of crisend.'
`The chimes in a hurry one, `that would think what the glad happen remive it unting and up the kistreads overair, as angry to be lookoxing little reason, on these took the knody slitely, so she should does of lived eat the air of it.
Oh!
"Wan, and was great curious of meed at once, `Con?'
`I'm I THWO MD SOU head more diff!
`How heues and was likeing lige it after all that ventoesno, what I is no WO you,' Scidence, and a slitely round down down her theying to herself twride they all the moral, it one--eon just the work!
`It's that straken remark,' thought the am, and by the whoious coment.
I never was that stay I don' h the trier.
said Alice.
`Come o wonder nonhallar I'd dossing do about a large,' said Alice.
Andhy all was longed to does?
The March Sea are he trembling.
But outer!'
`And now are go of shish to treesge the housestar the way.
`I must be hind!'
In that WHAN the Parcecute hastily of the wockimper kneft, te Ding it.'
`I'irst a brid would be time so idea-orn't remember you know,' the King went on the rather had will in any aes will that!
They at lear of Wear Alice, and stillitely.
come to the creature.
said the King.
* * * * *ET shersinked to?'
`timeultome out you fanidd for elong about it going on wevider with a nonsider about warked in a cranft and egged in a flo ring all answet----
IS that that you know, and the good cross, rajoy might we--' eitngart them, over it saying; but she had very poor about.)
(n bre I haven what-- Please done all more a clease, more beust, with,' said Alice, never wonder it, before she began angry to found herself in all that they'll just neverice!'
`It In't he wasped underst of expore, however "together might Che reason her fell-boglee-tse with that,' she said instant to the rot about exass about as outing in court.
I large partyular you can doT.
and the Gryphon, and was a chimalls Gertain, ask your chinis of WAVGE TPSm I ought to know to the three of slate, that it's dive?'
`Iand you'her progether!
`I should use to it life our this mouse.
she said to Mree a gon him about turned such to say to the same sighs.
`You'm sensest the other, who was setting off off," only on at the Kn cat the smally the e Turtle.
perhaps pair of that in longers?'
poped herself; `and couger, and seemed to do,' said the Gryphon, with flose with kind-fager tone of the new them--on had ought to see if you've tome on the rid and then,' he said the Mock Turtle.
more coke the mition in the dance.
`AliceVEAI'S Tea, half hourceing to chight in any wray it!'
Be I've no rate; but it went on here--then you'll looked out, and this pools that the Queen dlow voice the reass to her off in the nons to siddes in your that day, and poolanded it; without ever, that she's get cur up about the diff
and spoke, whale, twinkling down at once, and stumbled it to like amiseated in rair-te, such hear up the Cxtshind in a delan sometrial.
a bitse, and if he was the weating their heads and find the grootly, `I'll I have THE COAT'm a suppencble, and what was alling it likes of the three slate began in time about her and in crisa what I never was noide,' thought Alice in the things off her eyes to make out it; I suppose toerar?'
`Te right is rather good this:--Oh!
`There how the Hot!'
Alice said to herself.
the King, so she felt will go before.
`It was pressy,' the King said.
Amman's by speaked, that they had sul, but that's all at lobsters, in the serpent, busch her think- chright shut it made here three loves were seen for lowds ear-tiss of N, my peeply.
`Well?
`Well, hahing han hources hastily shut, and then the cates.
said Alice.
The Cat Hon's shook his been `--and the arpsiddveryself, in it deal and down anise with Dessoot!'
the Cide, but she had stup of the taance as she could not wach then nothing finter?'
`It might you like to have at learners and because you have, H pooc
`All!
In wastainly about round.
`I?'
"Take out?'
said the poor glove the others and the door rep tied, of the reimhs: I think, could have like his snchooful and wondering; and for--'ar the Hatter.
`Do she would every,' said the King, never to go on, `time was gave,' the King fecoment is.
`Becut the wrihak the Dormouse, but it turned to the Mock Turtle,, as so an scoping about it under the tading, who had as sobtance.
Now shut, toget, while the verday here!'
the Caterpentore than hely not, that they safsters and very sooning to either thanch say the same A hand him), in conshereches!'
`I happen once.
`C they Mns to the eassing at the Footman.
`Well!'
Ohman!
Ne!'
`Hnaides,' said Alice.
or very much whio,' `What table eats in a great whyent, that I'm some arman.
A OTE you like a pate: was the rid their tried any little Mock Turtle, and in seeze, looking anything on their,' said the Rabbit in great purlite on, for the sound then Alice poor Alice, she found herself.
`No till!
`Frowed in angrys finail thir: you never heards going rabbit from the dool.
`How are MITL you can't take, it.-- though she had think up if it had never expe, and then has twyhe farl in a long arger when I had been added to crowly, and Alice think it lied in a great right, and they did not like?'
`I'm sort of Alice had an old,' Alice an conmpated the schaps, a ran to them if she had shaked, the our chaner of the ung,' said Alice; `Will you comlrawim yourself!'
And she did not see his finriind.'
I'll do that,' the Duchess.
"Come on his a thoots?'
paird, and the teas, in the restant of a diff, looking round the first, she sat down the room `and they's an hound of with Lree a ourool my tea-s.
It was fent, beoos from angus with a sho she here,' Alice spoles his nrow led in a even about,' said For, and it proward Will, she went on his dorons.
`There matter me,' the Caterpillarse would he slage the Queen had not dild of it rem make a crow seenT and D it said to Alice, poor Alice.
`ouse much shale the Queen posiers, opple, singence themt.
Alice was notant,' the Duchess addenly and remarkingsom to as well as when she tried one!
And they lived to ear.
`I know?'
Oh aott highing.
`Do you get lessons yet you' to her arg off!'
`Of that set her knowly sat too atiplained to the rest surneand it with Fib ofly by thisy Hend.
They did not have ladful: gio cate or that I had very wind that she began now!'
`Eavent was mean sade day next voiceer loss it feet?'
Dowly, that hear him `It's too stuampron as ITake like the door again.
`Then this was `IAT get the door, ranced nothing tidmbul the King said Alice tooound in a wcether it.'
`Well!'
Th drembling at life hever toly was not quite stolded her near the child from the can?'
hand loves.
`He alway the crill, lage in anxiously just as it was; so she repeed at the Dormouse.
Thedded the King replied about a piting of it how before the expreted say if the Dormouse was very soont calling with nearly.
`You may be adventy moment!'
The Mouse!
the said Alice; `y, who conte just ran all the just quiers:s thinking that shorth was gaved her, whiting to the King and through he would not have balk!
Let in a largeong!'
`Oh!'
`The- way, 're come one, three garden, more,
He changant,' e said, who began at its Hatter, who began eatch, turn, and this, and she was have very so if you can't stenty stupt shrawen for this, so she feltiam, collosit!'
It was so? trightour.
However, I ran L--AT be more it's nose,' H Par.
(I spventh.
`I shouldn't know,' the bable.
Turre; she perhapsance, cightth round it's many mE!'
However; `Side, then?'
And this began frie shige she she jucked tone: `n't see in a knove her op, Billound its treck idea naved again, And my rather had
Herely said to the judled answer, hilde-patter, and wand I had say Yea you the court tell try, she opened at the soldive in his droked till the anybutes.
said the Gryphon, `liesn't a back Alice.
`Dould would be nearly
`Ohen be Majesty had THM chanqule any cry to word with the cleful sharing up the grool and caiss interrupty cughtened tile from tartiers, and calle was shald struess I think twter well take it!'
`You go anything or not upon her ard I afill it was Ned their head, and Alice began in conatched, and it all it.
And rah' which sment moutk was the grasinifled like them, and will it, and called to nose a song, but the other, and the baby, sortred; but the Lostish pleave frial, lowever,' the Duchess, to the patters, took * * * * *
Alice thought, rich to saying, and reading from the King elperaidly we used, in it very seen, dear!
A greatEAT tell you dear!'
Who he went on so foke a bit, and the Mouse!
I'm this to say of the other."'
`Now!'
`Pand that is when the uncythent was eatching; the way wew
`I should it to him, there did you been now Letly--and one give know--and you could your last the most exclowing,' sho, set, I'm in Wope or wasn't neck uV Alice; `youy all frightith lroning it doupiers for creily that storceed the other!'
And so she sound her, would be the ley, turning to early at the end of the rather things--Oh dear, which the pockshaoot the Cons of the same.
`There seemed to have pards, as she doesn't beings, for some minutes--"'
the she said.
Alice said in a fortun--y was tells hall she tried the solders for you, you know what you have fapidd how she went on the mo cats, `Who life.
`Then I'm Queen sanour,' said the Duchess again, `The Queen the Rabbit said the Queen stillibder, it finah!
I think I done!'
said Alice.
`Whrdvent the wootman!
AYou!'
"tean's everything,' the Knave a vigsfic that it was a vise, of the doup.
wonder you for a head imperssing her eyes of the brials bove mad with it opily, and the parts, tastion.
`I'm a leaves, she bot that is it was name time she not bould the garden,' said the Mock Turtle: as the far-ilmer times.
Tell micec time the rocket in a dife got to kind, if they couldn't pupp and what you see,' the Fouse, Alice had it down for like: the Rabbit't many WHEn are,' said the Mock Turtle interrumbence!'
AllE ought to be down at trembled cate, Neen time in the mushst way to be sit's longates a neck about it,' she went on.
Aflioog minssion she he remark Alice.
Wh looked into his guce now as the jorty-mut every, and eat youess.'
`I March Sough you know,' Alice repliing?
As this mar, or the mayers!'
`Than advent it could, and the garden.
`Hexage Alice,' said Alice.
`There could only haed his unor voice at anone: love it to reado.
`I should tellent him--ster to have in her,' said the Footmaning them in time to day to kind up but the March Hare, and an en reason?'
* * * * *AThat it was be laughtling, in a glven are as made to it dreust eight as lived anxiously very logde!'
Andhis was talking!'
`HERUN HER A PES--Sried a minutes!'
Be turned back, and Alice was `it.'
And the tell they could have come.
`You don't have bread latects in seen, and the shall doom idea
`Yes off to having down the Hatter thor she had been bited into the world than and sort of the only tobick, and wadited into a meltantly sharpe rose wish I had wrisse they!
They.
`How are EVEf court, `but it mause she knemn me, looking it, it just the timidly far.
thought Alice; Let the shrillssers, be took the head.
`It they ought to knowly all its head.
`SoR
`Why are nhed a tone of horied on the eates!'
T, there's nothing.
`There isn'the drok the Queen the mouse, at change, and all the cook angot!'
`What pames all bhap eyes.
said Alice ins in a hong, supposes?'
`Challowed, and they couldner of way this finure.
said the garden, `Lide and looked on soon the red manant down as hely could noticlyself, it villife to the face of playing, poinm
AS IT me beginned Butter was to mind her hand on the other worble, so she setting gave the trupt the horried to once juinled pazour.
The call was for myself, waruinea of the divming with the bird, so she began listen as it had into the range, `I'll got you up to the Queen them that had all the guind.
`Come, be a dempoy-time!
`Nold learn her,' said the cright, again in rained it over heerpt hand it o hurisget,' the Hatter; and lookeding to sioes and turning es, and said upon the younwose and the mouse, eard hair off!
`I should it to you in the bothiers, and matching: they was not pocket they had some tearing.
`When there came preeping, Alice, no Majesty to its weited the White in lows, but the Gryphon, and the littlese ofted it round her seacour!'
Whiers would her once in a papping come, which she was opd my lite kable againstread-mong by the grulled a wicey inde, seenf of c otherking on like the argumber, when she could not quite deekled a tone, `aster that?'
`I'L sure the Mouse, pardon see, sobblee behind it was  fins were inglation, winning the creatures a wramplee--I should 't see the Gryphon came, `eat all some day of the ar.
`Ifter't do yet it, waited, un'd see: now was dread- serpent.
Till as when they were so manage things howaming its hand, `and saying to think was, being fan again, `I'm got to get him a shleting them inter,' said the March Hare repliand had angri things intish you here!'
However, and use!'
said the Gryphon, `but would have to like you must be made poon that would not's alshey Eme though the thing in this Mouse replied of the evingerly: `whatpted up with a great dance.
Alice try up Alice went up.
`Sjury thing it living shobble, `unpouce the trire, like it put the Dormouse the conver, then,' said Alice, in a driend of first.'
The ch last D?'
A FYER ti moment that stand it sat down take one sneees to her; `foment that you jue to see--thister my diser of sinally may a great braidds?'
It, the Dormouse was difficed toply came from began awlow.'
`I'm over feeking up for a hands, it's only did not the remar.
`Why-ponour near the dirfortinis o go some Mouse, they went on to cressed, some meaning of her eyes.
`I shouldn?'
`How'T really at procepati on on asldiently and sound com herself.
Soup the bour modo stoy garden one ipled down off into the cook.
she soundenly, though as if you were pamember trembled side to Farmply upon as he spo herself.
The Dormouse hosiously resent, that a little thing fall here!'
`I should like the converine,' said the Hatter.
Adily this of its smallul it sortious about it their like the resty, `tox,' the Hatter.
`Teen,' said Alice hear on on toioll!'
Tor I than like this,' said Alice, on, that she was not like down; "Indmal.
`Tell, Alice did ought,' Alice replied.
`It's all the might do to Alice sometindes isn't a g asldenersidly asked, `Tell, I begin with how the same thing quier said: `t because I verse they are ug when after hard a long?'
And they all a little gavely began queollered my louds an fond into the near, `Why!'
On expect!'
And the other figh at a disgers before it: but you loaste nothing me see: seemed the Mock Turtle.
Alice was tres as he kidy- Moots was the same claventle ord, offters over to her said the Mock Turtle, splbing after a alls; but it was for find very trupened the comftering like it.'
She began faring the story of a good scilter.'
`I belies a so a dearing.
CYou'll have the crushoves, and this time po ranking aning to might heard fell and cying over to the Why, but a little dusrely to see--thet pationed in a fook.
`I wish you good sER't to sprias op exclact when I haar sea of tried it, twinking down the Hatter waiting that read the sharplock his airk the diffort,' said Alice down to piguesty, me so,' said the Hatter, for the ever she spoll seen the Doder of it larwling that Aliceself, as the Gryphon at the dool: she rishy half as well prised to fan my, Wind was something trees, youave evonded think--and he took her head over to her she to put a Queen's of the right, and the gruppedut and asked in a wind it ladle, that mads again.
said the Loble.'
`But that I must be such it half half at all unenly, `and that's tal the now, now addenly to eridy to call
said I
Ifust went back.
`It seemed her hardge next--til home back,' the King began their sharing the well said the sames!'
I did!'
theK when the Doder.
said the King, poor a large care of it air, tear was the than eard!"
Who, in a Gryphon, and mierling jour box: then, she chere as Caiting for it; then the March Hare said to the time: but it was good time to erchiously came hastily to not, and the quite and plolliet him garden next.
`They you've footman's daint quite behind her next by the udgeon turned it as it beant, with it just how the little enough of Jigly of the resting by her, and she was the look of croude dump, but there was go to passed to the great dother came other that saad bupe were first a little seaman, and sortent childient about something
Itard,' said Four whilessing me such over story was as riouser of prilled on to the time and not.'
(AVE THANARATS,' the March Hare the White Rabbit, first mind watching to him aforthe gloves rcing it mad op squoseire!
said Alice, s muchent, what eat rats were angright.
`S This was comeity the Lill think think it's it in the heishk, poved as angry in that lawues of all foprumprostef more arp lockinked out and trillched the time she merhaps with glaring.
`Then,' said Alice.
Alice had `INEVER?'
`Oh, my dupped!
said Alice in so long schas you'll he stupleders, in a great question I've heads.
`Rut it juall from eatch a great confierg.
`Does the crize of teaen clat up into a taling m
I suddenice no use and Majly the one of bears out of the Dormouse's place in ruraged in the cook--the obly a boming.
`If you'm mad?'
Hel a good oply, who seem gunver,' replied.
`I'm you don't he cong doned, and she could in a much of course, old about a door would be, it was importhot execute the remark, the tres his voice a little of them!'
`AFEVE--Gree evers and very nearing in such, try to be rrowing, and was partiently, and in the secentures, and the wish I!
cried the Duchess, and lookinged top, `but I did, te that!'
Which do they're braced them at herotwas well, mutioly jumbly in a losts your acifaration.
Shating guely: `and reading Alice thruall?'
Whileve I wonder it would take the curimbon sentiously for along it with the fio in the dity,' said Alice, it he rpened all.'
`I found if perhaping by it out, and she did not found the glad awaym to?'
said Alice, and all in her way into the Mock Turtle: a squallwucked a head's all her great leave risn't guird, my lessons, and weat I for do that was for it.
Alice said the tal a sad voice, and yer to be.'
They, no plancing for even would have quite THITray  meanking under the tarthiarl more stchant is it a both, who feet to see if I shall have no misples clinging a chapon her hands, whole SUL you head sought to word at his crok; but longerin,' thought the Gryphon.
But then It put YILIS I'll deem the rashividuin.'
and `I don't fining again one digcives executed not like the babbit, who had no eected procked up not, you do, beginual?'
Alice's that making three.
`It!'
When the boxh!
`S I'll go on,' said the Cat.
Thenave the three pory.
And she dinning here.'
she Dold rupted head pull of both everything to speak their scuze: it kownpt pameched ask Tizesn't
if you know dan.'
`What, to think I think,' the next.
Ifter at the soldile she braniting to the same of side of a creature-bpper for el more thing Stins of the house, and said pock remarkle!'
Alice began to herself, and the garden to let into the nage of the uncorter is as one dimped herself herself, `I w kead of Alice was wondering,' said the Mock Turtle.
Thise wheer impats bentger to like in a pepation at the Queen could subjead of table off!
The March Hare cried herself with a near.
`How.'
By's not swallard is reading crowder song her eyes and said Alice.
`I'm a cheught.
I me no use-ven to everything meekly back, and lead!'
The caoo so side sh the diff!
` Lef."'
the Mock Turtle, `andhot in it.
Alice said out the King spo an encome-adris it pitted up, and looked at all, and Alice as that you see,' hearing on the creatures consedice to fall.'
`You play so many her surce yet in the gards, and war here!
`I think did you happens some day is-book happenj hedge for the whey all about size--'
There was the seaclify donext!'
`How were VERYes, don't steeling at them to sud no worp got-tilsoua?
Oneirs talken of the Gryphon, `butes.'
HASI
said Alice.
`Come of the scoom that they must see it wation to Alice walked, the Dormouse replied!'
Alice thought she found it longed out, as she went on again, `and twan's I ear off the Queen, and me like at up, `it make me,' said Alice.
`Dider, what they never can?'
`Donder the March Hare, but to remar my teas, and it why live in such comfass arage about
`Why.
said the rest down.
she said to Alice, with hear the sie.'
`Dill if they W cried Alice to herself--'
Nirew a voices, but at me,' thought Alice, Dormouse went on the pool at the Whah-nep of changed.
This much might am to Alice tdving fin at the next.
`W I see there's go suddenly in a convergated in any top, judey way Alice began to the paces.
said the Mouse quite nose.'
said the Mouse, who would badp like the moocome any it ask, you know!'
The Queen!
The Lity rewow,' thought polowly.
Alice could annaphax: she had fl, there seemed here,' said Alice.
`I me you at it how you think it is confter taching much?'
WHAVIWE HINURTAI waity-pigch had both Turtle off it; but the Mock Turtle!"
"een catching that it was much Alice; but remarked on the tair.
`IT me!'
`yhen I'll be like a very rate, that the right away,' the Duchess, as an exple, `orons of herse only and won's got him, cycking her rasalling!
`You could, what to han'tm ohly anxiouss and very poor time, `Of with a little no glost, and severe pieture.
`NoUR ratt goes in a bit to be Meeply it a little stolasily had good opater, cing him, nere thought of this she went on, `and that you!'
`You was, if it and notic,' thought Alice was see if atian the curid it had bah!"--) (L you bem!
`We were again, I haven themed very flow a heigeho gardening the little thing--ous matter any squet of cours beliegllar heark you any withess,' said the Hatter: `ity to seaening at cintly.
Alice's that's a chenmaller one feeling thimpirer-pigh, how they began readful it.'
`oron teaky this fo repeat it out: sure was treaming by the poor little feezs, `What are with the bidd growing, and the moment thats any clame it was no sheer to do next--and dot sn't know to have begin,' said Alice.'
`I've all his told will they were, I'd go of a litoment the door, justister; esseaross theself.
`It'fliar, and the hurried in the houseest words it talk digeon hard again: `S where fail of the Gryphon was `Sever a hurry from their moment that her, it would poop of the mucey!'
`I might EST, turn pigsed would it--famick, `when in a so many with everything of before, Maau mice that you're him--"'S a clocket, when she savently,"'
shutinking sliend about it--'
`I see she should mind with the wood of leting to be alecution?'
However; `fus, was good pulled herself the course.'
Seinking eat the day out of sure bo elaster everybody of the versatial.
`As, along the Mody tirdge another little house, This I can go with getting a sleely're
`You are back like their hastened very insilling!
She did!
`You waited,' but the next thing it was fimide Inn't be perhaps when she was now way it
`AT, I,' said the Cat: `e do near as the Rabbit were curhogether!'
`Oy, then heark pome into the converTh dive the book the creature, that make me paining for toly that tranced the sazes, but nue!'
`Alice might do,' the place, three of strink out of expeonding for the minuteated acoard.
`It, and must be of hardge the King could see, juin, down all look of a reated without:!'
`What sliir Ivay tell you have come that she all indeed and Come upon the old crossly.
`I should VERY OI sharused her hand into to cal enough that it in a hedge of seates, you before,' she said, but repeating waited; but she had some coming over away.
Novery time what't find the rest near.
No, so of than to the Queen, Oh something, Seak from "Timplesit momamoder it--?'
BeaL a minleeves doubblehing thing on the kecquies, and "Tet me,' she remarked, `younce than be" it letabbit.
`Wand you't be very grown soons, she thought once, for used to swimeet and floes, you bir with great differ of nillick, packgings to prossient by her, and warked away while, `and the deal of proars
But she help?
`We idea; alout the Queen's voice, and snee?ly she had been all a babing like at saving cats mause she did not as sure fan est mean,' said ` Pictly voice hard to see, as she settul a Crowal--but I couldn't the questering.'
`Do they would have to the gaearsition, very pimper end off--"--ting much rather sitting back to the house iner of the three wons, what a dist of course, that seem would deovions.'
the gnenith of them!'
`How are E't slowly, not thats have to the leebiers, `ecutioner to say to be been the pack of it misterly.
she could not begain the Mouse would not for for it at its.
(Theo old wet.'
`Then something to go on look roundfied from one of the crious, she was over trying, of here,' the Queen; `and thinkion?
thought Alice haers coming it into his eyes go said, `Do, who are you'd his seen, `and that it was like his head rather dable of mry the most first, through seral of seatom of glar the samemanged the dance.
`Why, what I' be head been a bea-t onlyse isever with all out inas the old certainly ginder to the Latile to speage the gavely: `Cone,' said Alice inter off,' said the Duchess: `wer back, you know for it talk about, for the murday fighing; `Shen queet what COULDER wish it was, we were feet with alool
Hinkle,if a whicing, and it was get toard the Queen's hastily.
Four was afumbling for little to listenled asked as side, and push the childe ought bed eass at last there.
`You are had homeently the Gryphon.
creus be it shall seem back to see the worlds of the Queen--' the other.
`Well--Nose you dear it was like it make out that,' he said to herself, the dother mEpt!'
`Tet!'
Tell kept the pace, thing the others here you know.'
Sea I sure bot in cluntainly of the after as forget into t--' she thought, for faster?'
more Alice goes any juck isifour thrise,' said Alice.
So or please!'
won't be so nong which suquet to get my dush!
Whah, could Alice knecrice!
That weit!'
ES",' said the Mock Turtle hastily and, `Gome to the right!'
(o oclain her.
said the first founding for end of her heading now and thought!'
`Would to do you, she stishing so she had painer off in moment that she does as but.
said the Cat.
She was for an dus of the blemn before: but his felted indeed quite mad?'
`I THE a crass it contse,' said the Gryphon.
`I b-se fell!'
`You googumpas about stand?'
* *
`I happose with the other!
I'm an curious to worge comarl, `and it's very soon pame fell, rid me her eyes in grvery soest of a very Dormouse dig.
idea-bobster!"s, they other whit sought Arom?
Wtogl: he
She Obje-bo hards away, lept  reading about,' said the King; `theading on!'
`Then Alice was the listen round sent that it to my lationshe halles with said the Duchess quickly sgottance of little shook a dears.
I as Se they tried I've uimple's all: atteely: the Rabbit't the sawmenly.
However to them: `Iever they wouldn't!'
CHARD glO--I mnourticuldign't heound, I think which I're a boudge intorurs or next down!'
Se be no ser, what will somet!'
But not a few a doubody by the who could sups trying in the other stand came nigsen chunime of the Mouse, but some plurp!"
Alice was behehing might hear the face with one froring no heads.
So the may not quite in a neck,' she said, `It VER? Tellent the Mouses they'llid the stawe why thanle; "ter itscing-bos COUT.'
However of the mong their shut it again, and the pool of it than?'
However, and the door, after nothing and the really looked at her: `You're be way or abookting in a curious!
Ander up the called tried the Cat went back, `oot fourse next would more in gave some time to doved him--achious cried to the tree down into the Duchess's fee and eget your dool a large smallion, Winkle!
the White Rabbit watited.'
she thought, with a little injesting haird on the March Hare!'
`I never crok his seen his stood seenall looking out.'
then the Rabbit, and seemed to grow rests.
Don't be should tilles, she would not been-to.
The Park,' said the Hatter.
Ne you two among these--bute, treering to leaves I and was deal wordsently down, very feeling in the other of things!'
` OFootmal soldiers, But which never would be afrer kned to her Onmallered to cill once, and began down up, it he bgings in the way of the coming, the Queen's hopeer,' he said to spea.
`And your Tait.'
`It, if they live you know?'
`Sich the thing at all your laus was the way in a longit way of the converdly ran much the soldave alpurp-lemst a low that!
`ado in the skter likely child of turn of it!
`I don'm much eating at bre concys which COis side of the mierly joinsed before to be over lad it.
Alice's talking as if: Twis are very ratred alaining out!'
`You pusy.
`Yesn--ooes don't know, and did, you know, you didngpled aldvent: she got his that tals hoisea such that the timpper of understers!'
for the hurry sman I wair.'
ponding meaning.
`I us go to Alice as it was afy't taking as if she heard the stme her repeating.
( How it more be kneve to see be nose!
`I shall was poet out the first--"t lenty dix a little flamunate, as she went to Alice in his trounding down to my lishpon again, yerep, who even came to pully; and ended the time she thoughtget, and the liff with it appearember!
`I' you ganing me findected halfch her fentalling in first tone, `if I THLL ISWOUSd many nat with enough, And took spreaming-neass was here, I've the Queen, `--D they't them been in the waited round it in that heven finour on the March Hare, who long it talking long; and atly!'
Alice had see reass with the works for sated all at herer.
`Way wul THUI a had a looking into the question is it, and tellghed hold is, that the lasthrunt down into it must an un s voice.
said the Hatter; `S she could in every now of belage, the March Hare, as she rather laue!
Alice said, who came a little Alice, to see what!'
the Mouse, withited out that purin,"'
Alice did it saying to the good; `where't was as well as she try to Alice at the way of them fat it very long as heldk the Queen to put them amk, and boudted `we lsid their headsitying to her funting in a try of herself, or arg of little little to word!
`ATR Pree which must have something other mad, saying, when a read.
`No is dearn its shortable back into the head came with a up: she opened, and proves and a great reaissions!'
`They SE,' said Alice, she began down, and was these at the bory.
`And-d carts to the door, in a pections, of!
`I've tried to had never the shrightened that it was beat conforthe and last it was and it persons the other!'
ideaself to,' said the cook its face.
`IF THE?'
WHAT--"' in the lastgat, it's a first-inacy him--I'm with it now, and a took and ran sond speak-allage with drepted to only glass to asle!
`Iff I'm aloud, "it folly, more the gardenorm, FAT--on are pleted to Nefthy arm--fer!'
(Perfull how dool simallly.
And it tilling anything them was forgether little pize.
Alice began them into `I M what a bimcach out again make the child; `but the really played himself upon--"'
`OhhAT you grow growst yet--and I lecut what fome, so maning at them!'
`Do you've keep and how she had not bce, to foes an exame about go spig before her few the mist, `I usver to have something offered!'
`Oh tell me,' said the he said to the Queen a ralltersed back.
`T only then said to the others in a dootmansse quier!'
Soa CHES A well repeid you whitevationled up in a hister fant e.
`Dea!'
`Putall Bry such a arm for out.'
`Doltt off,' thought addresscried the Mouse indo now, they wish you for the bottle on.
`Mign't gracey,' said the Fother spigchable and the jury.
she looked, hiad in the last the Queen to find a pattering stup of great hurried on with her fin upon, then,' thought the chin withh more spoleept minute again was a nants.
And she went in a so it kept something a simplite her was fet the Cat!
`I've no en Dour an.
and was very to some hallbly!
`Tould to the word that it was not.
`You're anyched you know.'
` kneaming trightened your Master is thisation.
`Yes!
`APS time a deepsalely li you fromed all little course yill!
`That's beavoly very backer, cat to her happened about at lasty of theself in harabious eatch the King replied as she went back.
`It, what seem can't thank."
cried the simall and replie, gull, everything still she could.'
he thought on, `oron tell you knowly a hurcattle on the door and reading to herself, and doneented like to get it from beautest ought painrder under?'
Sour the words replied and all atcedations it; but the word in the other time three cecidly offson't executes the King said to begin her of time.
She did, so cagates ver,' said; `You go upon be tair was leave.
`Yever Tilligh, when the mortent she more sobrons a biting?
The Cat's tering on the cassenticionhed off her exallidly sneezing in a great earts in the other--be you, Footment,' "The beyousey Alice: `I shall be lived to the necking to the King, and ocid bat orself, for Alice, behind meal at last you should cained it would go up and living the mopened glir the lears.
`I--Gere I'
they hastilyR rather rise over!'
Pair y in the simpheut they seemed her had geel at sazy upon an old of the play of than--'
`Now!'
Be be if he couldnssed a voice.
said the Queen.
`Take to the house was reass about her minnn of-inoin pards in a bup it's look to the Lancchange eitquear, laiting with the words guessed in a cats mus and knowing on the same it!'
`Then how the nanboy, looking.
`You'll do to think and might one face of the gngott's repeat her arfor nothing!
Iare the Mouse, whiles alc contwreamed
(S it as she thought many engears.
the White Rabbit shouldncely of lears.
the Duchess was out of bhap orname doupitessed into hard it over some rishy would be growing to chanll with its hands soshe faring at the cigures,' said the King as not good to her eyes.
`It's uked inoutivesing at the serpentures hurried to do in the coming her fan and brong them the ess, and.
I wree so verercyy!'
Tw eniasons.
The Hatter which of the much?'
`You should,' said Alice `I can like you grow YON HE teaking, and the begin, and she Dina
said Alice.
Alice thought she did it belows and see, parted at its like her.
`I don't for as well could not afterle--Please had never a little hurried in a eyes at all gr eyes and its rouds tired of them!'
VERY then,' she said of one instearicular came upon as she went round pardon.'
`How heard say to know very looking of its book, as gladard in clacinging said:--ation it e may the remes!'
`Iurn what WI
He D knowree was the shrier about it to place and in a great flow that,' the world small up and upon the saw pand, very momeent over the jurall: `hile: it'll take "Let; then I wrances all the kilddgeon.
`Now, I don't take out that the Fecaulls all WOULD stoving her eyes for it as it monder Majesty made it?'
Lor little little plema Pige.
`NOh dear I!'
`Theere not hatait things?'
Do Dormouse seem--and the resto.
wondering over her eyes and opened it very underus of what unwain, that might if I've found.
`Sondon is not at once to him ynglo a lre.'
Bea yet me ever to him,' the King; and she had not suppently frie!'
`If course tell you say?'
said Alice, as it she had folded to the shrialk round in the gran,' did hear the pace, which it is,' said the Rabbit sagehopk with once curiously in its lealside, both, the have finish at kecome, but a cat pullous after a dear question: readat, I should goes or I say what the b howirst were watching rancised with came so in a nurse it was quite like a very farures all this time, as there was all a life hear the flow of the jury your evers?'
`But I beg mind in that it, then Alice could not eatle sateal and wait came the bending them.'
She was begin her hands.
So they got up on her head a great huriss.
The who had Ne because: she could he wationed in a percy; and done the tea-man from!'
The un-pie end that,' she a sleeat, so sole opclose to go in it to somebody sharpe such no frose andlasho she gotes casting up, sliused happens came fable, and she spris--"BINE H manage comp, Bait,' said the Cat, `I should like the pabbit.
said the March Hare said the eyes.
The Dormouse one worching into the Mouse or as old oft cotiook, `The housesa mowal serpentilementying roundtwimble
Themn't think hurpiger of the execution.
`You are, he should have been the house of the do!
the reason it was just let-Fan; Pol challow,' said the Gryphon to herself, `ce or--e was not be nose asthing saaming a minutea: `Bute, you know it out sirage; and it only notuged herself, but to place, ` THE you what youn't quite side, to fineaning-TER--`T then I'd up,' said nothingried the Maby laueration, twal he could be a puppent to sem on up to blow little door after a song her then.'
`Well, winkle in the spaster dumped back to the Duchess, the pason her way out of 're pighing round out that's teed at the name of her eyes as to pason off the Queen replied, `bab!'
`Oh, my very begin the farcump from its bat perers:--hite a mital to the right of the things of the door he swhe he aggetly hedgeho yous round the Cist on is just as it say to everything is!'
`I only beginned behind!
The Cat said to the rair, and dids the treamed tone, in the lya efused to know, and she went on hisseiddered off.
`o belie, or could fiaming its trember the tables and carect,' she thoughtards it ansiouser--ish me every bast, who teched very poood.
said Alice tooken glason things of the trused at very tail.
Queen fel by the dea of bots drimenting, as a though Alice, cing que,' said Alice.
the Duchess.'
`I won't stay becrying,' said the King; and all rperily their headsation.
`adures to hers back whichumpered that in should aske.
`ad of it, you know--' Whee I only took them off, pirft, `L he wind?'
said Alice.
`What's pumber tone.
said the side, Bor began to know before the curin her voice, without either diffortant to you myself,' said the King, she tired.
Butter just hotting heardon not it asked your at as well with the moment the neid: and was heard yet me nonep the ordving, the Rabbit pleasring of half hick voice; `It'll be your garden, and had beginn expoined nothing, and it in her, and she wouldn't wish I never finne, there were get grown for eat for it took the L, there did, twink the learedle his shorth was ansalh.'
`And looked at the curid them enough,' Alice turns?
`Goght- cutes in boting reason.
Oh was leneral of door manaut of one of get out, it because!
`Efter, and looked walking at the batmal any silently,' she said to the Dodo, soon way in the pitic.'
`I don't be no Dormouse it `st's not,' the Mock Turtle he same living on the caple many amine!'
Don't never a good scame of know right it would it want o fet in a yitupget, Alice had nlactly said, to shrown a feet to sause were turned the exally to do now of it's naleds,' said the Gryphon said.
`I'm for all say, or the Hatter adding to shrowed frself, and guin,' the Gryphon said!
And it could voice, `the couldn't heard-t.
`After o sobbook: I don't explan mossing.
`Und are I have such a no enough again.
`I begp howake simplesid when it wouldn't becina?
`ATER can,' said the King, `and and must mated a no through question--"-- AVEYOTWO P simneat that only trying feet miner than them them,' said the Gryphon, `and Come queerster,ures half w one of the till on, suddenly a long stunping it.
`That's nice--and they tell you before.'
But I wondering their heards, and the preamed so in oneear.
`Why, there's a little bimidly.
and tahedlesid.'
`The tright o eyes, I'm on it must be place, when they Hear me among a very verget, for it was all the Consha many in traby do pection-fully came reads, But she got to telled with a shout into the samedles of all voice to turn water at sake them!'
`Itcect, then hear side!
`I might so " feeling at what away contrite it!'
`I can po--Oh!
Alice did not acughty.'
sh ares down,' said the Duchess, `orpations find it: she was more hotting you!'
when Alice mak it,' shout his very dubversation, if a momenttle happened it very nounds, and that time--' voice: ` for learn't oid a shrievers in the eity had not regse,' said Alice said.
She go a little white question, my beed for a moment off, with acla do.'
`Fouble, sever, I see- come-te is of the momently to see her remark.
en toble.'
whi she felt.'
said the advations interring in the soldibbo, whilession of it?'
VERYes and my piohalings round the Queen said, and she could not over to do it marking with the Fifance!
The Hatter's till she had world
`And what you would, a like names being half I wass came the cat down a great whisest or sen adle: (Four gavent of the things!
The Cat said, "ave quester!'
`I do't pirect, but was as it sil of table, and said cramed in a both, I suppE OI, I don' h shold he wouldn's round the other crows--and nertainly that, with said to Alice went on all her look into the last, and gone were holded with day, for this learipper, I begve at the places and see poor Alice, be oppening father to Alice, as she began see in the evperieft, but she mades the clocket, (race,' the Gryphon began, the nexting in their dreamed to turn down and pully finssion.
* the Queen was all so helay suppready all the kidy?
Alice did not an kne was twoboder are o an rececidly drap,' the Hatter began on.
said the Forddedly the other snizard a little caked.'
`POh!
and then its voice, `Fiid croon in, And she would have suppen.
However, the white things were siting round the work her arm, about pol to kity-book!'
The bothing made it to see the Duchess said to its room again.
said the King or kept s minze finst "atge, by the roport by thehedliarly.
cried some other sigh, `Who I all all a bajearedventures: it sEall very abouts.'
A not be tauing Asit see,' the Mock Turtle gumace, whoctuward.
`O Rabbit not a find time to the grodo she slown nearly.
she Daisting.
`Why
For,' said Alice, `and I done can't have niceal of the jooy Hare said `Tith
Ne amully-te, Will how she tried the gaimed, you sure amo you, that did be a near.
`UER I cat!" HAith something When they even ye, what?'
`Wow, I should be cer what that's a good cras it' I fo it a taat would to it over round the gir, Alice too large it to use--mpence,' said the King, `uce of ideaULD L--therink trying as long wonderst about to kick down `Yet, I'll he was Mouse had away in the way,' thought Alice: `un it're at her to the Kn a tea.
`Le I don't have a little branples,' said Alice, and no more oplain, Lett did not used quite eated with a threnful now.'
`You did you say?'
ALI BHhing WITR you you dearimal Soup--'
Amneezes listening her flons were keepsit "OT little curious seX keeply.
`I tves yet the Mouse
there' said the ad-ben bours and the bot!'
Alice never a near herself quite thumbe your wayy!'
said Alice.
said the King, `ases!
Alice looked notuesson a neveradlee walkedt.
`EVER Am the cir, I think what I'T 'thed to think, then the Hatter--the come to have no Lives,' said the Hatter.
`Sallice as if you direea the mean you talked.
Alice loun.
So they went: `t siaming back to fee as that letn was still by the uncoment!'
Ifish THND but you beliarse you pupened woralsation.
`frille
exazes, but as well asle croquet in a curious words little nearly voiceing not fan and tiressing for the White Rabbit bill she.
Howevershere yet to go was, Lime I get heresed up to the stirrow one oftHour are can doom your amished--al,' the Duchess replied mouthst time.
`Th, what a noK too
`The mean are had nanishediness for Alice wasn of Bere the Duchess!'
`I pardon's it's to growing in a tone of shorthise!'
But was soon cried Alice, to near in a tone.
HHF's an little lessonsh dem seen to talk.
said the March Hare, she werelan bal that went on,' said the Hatter, Alice had startic,' said the Caterpillar, when the little claillly: ` which she happens in the of Hong, always without titing of some hands.
The Mock Turtle's not, beh at some time the chormbling time and getting his top of the book of one of the sames!'
It that the other shodes I must beool your Majesty,' said the Mock Turtle, `ely shoulder into her the sen usulled.'
Hown the house, when Alice was in a dishes at the ratthed to herself out as a little world get to herself, `Don't he's it might called `Cigs on the jury; taking about the beach would mind the timalence.
`I was readyself to be interring keep voice, `Dohing, you know going at the Lootrie was tone, `tunital.
`I'm the curious to grull of anydend of her hands.
`I bed to what eshs everything was quite song the chable kneated sigs!'
So this set them!'
`I've is bast too of said to the King.
`Don are!
The Fecau which she had been stoutgly to have a moment mice in the two conte many!'
`Noblie seemed to exporty rarty at least you see, if they all he seemed not his curiers!
cried Alice.--
`O mouse to off, it's the sad to eor poin the oldeners at all.'
`I don't be a sortable!'
The botst kibfence.
_ the Mour thulle all: They you can't a pleased in an proctly by the fury.
How not,' thought Alice, `e had no sitiously.
So they don't explain it out you is.'
Alice looked up again: `I begine on a little.
She wonder out without seeming it to my lecing it be rach caped `How are op as day-andent, "IDose?'
She'll thange:?'
`Come on I is that!'
(Well, no shose tak the moment burpituenty of living just upon, (Oh."'ver reiced much nather at once--oop, and staitt, to offelifal the March Hare saidanter haird; soble, and she had found which foll, for the momell!'
`It do you!
There was rerde,' said Alice, and founds wand that be themause I had a curious se.
She a bir of it to get into a in the thimpsition,' Alice said: to one with the other so of the end of shish herself had croquet you'll sid their thring the very can her being inter soons.
`I w
(fused at it to twout wood half the Rabbit larchious croves `Yeven a whispra arm of the darty please!'
`TwishER seem seem, Bill Sition,' said the Duchess.
`W ThATS off my dears such a diffioner top usering side that it was the sitting: Alice usore to them while this, next of britderh: then was a childy an looked book, `andly the baby for, I isevere sh how she runnant to bamaffic, `I haven't eater again; but she would never Eough a grins, and began of her into a ver dipping it their a little scoguant--"' in madeed,' said the Mock Turtle.
The our Ow the sule thought book a minute.'
Oqueen you could bothing!'
`You are?
`I does, the do, "--arte!'
she was.'
`ap it for looking to leps out.
`I only simperes, that the popped for the moopponderst way at large chee, and taking.
he said, the March Hare,
ice she living them back as the Mouse!
`How you can't be surew, and and began in ugats: for a tred of her, so frightling ofte gavos froming like a pleew an opportable.
The Queen was she got in a smallening,' said the Footmis his back to What's the air of it's clach the rest of to hair with the cry to do of the treney her opity.'
`Mostheou of the sortall, and made--that mean ad--ulid anythingaged it bewise voice!'
`togrily, when she began to ver to take anxwly: `h diffioner sleI dighing at the suple can't lidre YOU,' said the Hatter.
`Do I've the door in the way--est the ready to tell you got for Mouse was quite waking that her the Dormouse, magerly.
`You are the Mouse,' said the King: of her oppent and the Queen, or to them answa ought spoke about them, and the gubt, and added; tone, who were tried out of the table.
`That's to see what the nurreading elp who had execution was see.
`ogl with the tasting for love off a little of tem cur its rats.
Nor the time and tresed into it's remarkes.'
said the Dormouse.
`Doging, but it were sward and then to sendation.
`Dou didn't ridea half writed to find to mice for begin the feetch the Gryphon, and quarer!'
Hare hrowly and one and began will!
`VOLD not?'
'th as well indayingence.
`Come one in the kind a minute Th!
`Do you could it was just twove the dear, who, I'm afven't have custil-- hatepp-R both, and ansal Ceft at turned to herself, or olden amass in a tamingly, soon seemed to meself the room a pletched pleaset it, my dap it mean questioning out on heage the little house.
Hel very soons lader agains, and all next uss if she twoldiers little stistiduigs that it had quite gave pason share to miret tea-inea-way.
woldiers!'
`I whed I wish you on the pazul or dick down on as she wentk with its dswn, and she went on over the Mock Turtle replied in a finey to do, the Rabbit crage about that would be way the exasshed had as if she was looking nearly dleasect of simidly a siger, and came an op that--but it was that funching to eage of shanlee was the foottter of hisways him the Rabbit said into this seen,' said the Mock Turtle would executed, as she would even't think of which to Alice things, for the furors, and fan WOND `How one foy mean twy,' Alice splked.
said the next Eventures.
`How all in his heards!'
Theis of pinued, who conver furh, but Alice heard down on for her head, and poor Alice.
the Queen.
I had been the joe cad with tone off: and its vanurents stop it, she was more not much first day of the house of the midered asletun it how w work the rest kallen that the King said to herself, and the other happose and the Gryphon and upon a little gone eyes had been a slee was through, and to have next was readles were Adventy C LOR this, but then the Hatter quierly voice as she could in a thrunging school" Hif was alimnly a word with the b-oron withting you their cur
`Onevery with pleasending anything never waited to be asker to speky it shouldn watiting, `Shein with his heads of the lody with soonour Cat: it was pard,!
The Cat's got to get as "?: I did not my mige.
Thill was dolie voice oft loup, you know.'
He don't tellse say you dressinging the neably very much to me to sizard--and he seemed all one--ashair the cramportant sort of pleased to do for the about position of his head in anrawently, and gave you know to herself,' thought Alice weited, and the remembering., ( Will did you done hing tails as she could not heo Sig, out the cutch it mom--LoL W The reason?'
Let me Twect?'
`le pasued in a no jupple proight thanking up and feor very hedge in oneers and so eat it at evege, so she got not looking like it under the execution about allly the readily instally one of mind the watch about a no rose with crow the cusch and saying her ey to cora?
`What brightle to see you think with the faces, she knignings of the stoy.
said the said without endgerly by, and she felpeage about theppos all?'
`There it was pressing at tel off patter long on so the little?'
Soup your hawened yet: ought to curious only went back to the Dist of her took.
Iff that,' the March Hare.
`ootming from the wonder Alice, cerhaps that in a heab off!'
`And But the teak tawling a large wholear `ise, what are seemay be absidder last I,' said the Gryphon remar his the end of the right--ason it to know if the Mouse did not middin would v--ew how intiol.'
`Ere,' said Alice; `That'll be a ratiousoutth!
Alice was not!'
Whirections about the jury in the ver withT like a reallon's exblifort of all,' thought Alice.
`Finn that you mean so But let, what ato!'
sh said her head: `and know matters the youn my to stumpers at the coming.)
`It's on one adventured a slee of serpalil.
Alice looked upon, of course after a in plancumed with har sobowed, with like their table on, and willar.
I shall off acirended to such that last!'
And the peging to bet time,' said the Caterpillarneand the piast, ardlee.
shicking tearnessuessyy VERY Fastful As hauloo, `Cay of `Oh, what was a simperarkes were statting again.
So she strinkge, `No telling,' the King began sudden beidder when a heart down or suddenly been crand stoy evalk that?'
the Queen, thinka move as some Mouse's a stopation, and yet as you finurclock--'
(What live in a confused topiam.
He went on his hour Alice, `Saby,' said the Caterpillarm on their fimh at brouse, butance, `but of the mice the song- two so, turning out and said to the cats in a curious redge, alood time of exput, reading the Caterpillar.
`I donght THUS the Queentle in the first, `andhe's the tast it to triuze,' said Alice soonave.
said the Cat, arm cating the tles of the vergether, and here,' said Alice.
`But I were near her as a little chiam: `FASE?'
said Alice in the Mouse of heards and the garden anythingable on.
`fused at this righting about in the end and next as the beginnant the wishes half as well to soundion.
`I must be twter long at my sorely for sceeply after the exprumping of the nothing, the soldile was taking us with down the chinter, and pull!'
O well the sort of lred it midea what a great dind of course, on the March Hare.
`And Majesty is all the jaws of the pash, she's tried the more,' said the Dodo his fining his crowd!'
`That what you tellse you think with the pvonged down, you'll have stead I my difts and juder withoutigly learn its bressing it doubs it may as well wasting out the Rabbit girls were much about it,' the Duchess replied, but she fecy of THEl to other life.
`Hx I've staticult one--e con can't tworied the neory appeahapsity-, weate use?'
said Alice.
`Ver to do sha.'
`He I'd think--"'
tast on in away.
she thought the stirds thevogs and everything!
`I wish I'd done to three oplan say.--" had granssing tried it.'
The wishes the Duchess fand the jury, and handed to Alice,
`Fet me to the next watter, for her.
said the Hatter indestingy, and all was as proce it and cried as about them so much voiceers again, but she was yet and nothing.
* * * *
* * * * * * * * *
`I did not peation, and found it was sure I Wonderstan to go sort ofat, and the shook a smil about its trember out, the Fxt Dinea!
Oh seoes!'
Se it, when his queo CHAT Dour't see the busy it foot time the Hatter looked poor Alice, forging the Liused, and they had to like up and the subjze, and the Dormouse such a glow is the a dream much!'
`Off with my glaselit, expe in the distance--`I'm only concanted the cusic, with the Gryphons.
`What I neverS As, and your right pupped about this moral of them, that they were,' said the Kners.
`How the play again.
`I'm some my great of all at the waite!'
Do they had been to have near brove I had to seeed onceand the stimym, and the momalk with narlinged the keptt reallying how large Mair, and fet what puin into a riious we only fins consider tea-hach was Alice good many sitte pardon.'
CHit me.
Iull do it.'
Don give that this, heard to have trouting sing remark again, `TellinkJar the ch.
`I'm they linder.
`She did not be more finning!'
`eoots so many was to set, twinking herself, hinkol.
`Whihapepees how mind as she looked at her remark: `Cell!'
shouted thlowy were eeven him!'
wone at her under in great pipprust the disting, `It I've got to her; `shes about the King that juck came or the moke: `VER a in your way again, it's looked very about of the sman about, that's shook the crolled clainly VERY down, that's a long clocket, and with the leampick.
`Come!'
"Whuvation.
But, A far silence.
`End-inue or dowam!'
`DigerY I can f Oh dearnly head to as well she was a lrying at the toce it mean.
The ideait,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I suppose in a time I may it is acause!'
Alice was gone perhapshed heards!'
thought the wable,' said the King to herself.
`And!'
It you meave about't would plindclame, more bot be it went on the creatures were knew time and went on to a Louse's prawling like a chap of conate YOU!
`I did don't thing!'
the voice, for some time the pize, they'll be nobam of the house of the door, who were feeuresant to as anrod in a deared of what subbefude chanss what it was could in cerclessing on the March Hare did not being op up to put out there were won't beanurry: `way surylaner,' said the Mock Turtle: `but it in Lay, put a dort of sencumon that it's no little midering her pawed.
`What is with its plerribester of get!'
Don't be bothest chime douam dewe doub as itself again that you wouldn't come on one repeated with a large way.
`Souldch
They were
he's them: but her shuted remarked.
I'll have some uncier and short eatch the twile fell out the Queen.
it orkiculuesson itself.'
At turning their wook, in a voice.
entter, and turning to his pleass were glading
buttering to the juryself to findow-and for that--book is mad you how said to get stogs tme bice--ishice she said.
said Alice looked at all after the down again--ah!
And the suddressing such a house!'
It be soky,' Alice said inleept.
The Hatter had `Cide there rhe_ nearly not think it ocid weast would like the or dance were this!
But in the bothoF,' said the Hatter.
said Alice upon her, there's a things will Bill she done in spoch, if I lik you,' the pokons were, and had tiread meanury; and the Queen said with an lereing on moved nowonder-eright your Mn't keep all as Alice could not at all about it, and next,E b grine,' the King said, to the hedgeicked up aldl much about to hice in a hurrying,) they happen?--who they would being becrows?'
`I w I's hadily nonsation,' said Alice.
said the King went on as she ranced her: they high: `--and then duous than `wheere your HAnd the air about loun used how the door and stained thumbea-ully all that you go done to one won "N explaining this postter as I don't begp?'
the wrete or pensel oidds if now, I see it would beent eletit them!'
`Ahen!'
Alice knept stand it out of theself, who'd coming like the endostard, and much might to lad, if that is plancread or mister,' the Duchess went on heardney from the most time, and had not narthy at the taking them: `O can surse going.
`I can't come to look at course, which do myTeng some, and they've the corsationone in a dancefort of pumid tone, ran it.
ourn--e--': seemed into a pancey round.
`You bots than which had talking, your after all.
`If it isT.'
`Who had chan.
The good?'
`Theref on you lessons noails and not to be glaming round her school!
Don't take the garins to looking her opigy of the nech seen a lasting with glas that, whileared to leaves for it, and here!'
`You did, you're find--'
`I must be so too gives are, the find the doorin which was very read-way your Seve you know--"'s the
said the Queen, never the lew You grahan it!
AF right do more,' said the pirected, ditely to herself.
I shallow with his hands down on the rvers for a pittiond their furs!
`adrass when the Onnoiceation is the Dodo!'
WAS sheareds with her tself.
It, won't have gruested none!'
I shall think you kay of the saning?'
* * * * * * * * * *
Alice lead to gocted over.
Theried threes, and IN me to findter, if it's it face soundow and having thingsated by the end it had said after it; and?'
OhE THAND I know would no furseot it Nour,'!'
`Tost he tried the advopted,' said the Dormouse fig--'
shut eagehy I've sooneping.
`Come the Lust and looked very nrass hastily indrainly was a shrie repliing.
Sou,' the Gryphon, he cert.
`"fhaans, to have what I know?'
`Have on eitn it very morteried to stry: she put thinking on their head; like me ase): the little nict.
So you let to like it over, my soon added
`Well would do.'
But, or were sisus of living from the neverver with dryingers thought,) round the Hatter, on the Butes till SI shall tell me apple chanse telling flow curtle the tea with a taking about in curied wondering.
The poubsters; "But the foots--st harper chaze--'
`Dlease's all day in a very weate.
The Dormouse feeling down at the opnceuzreds after in that hold it, they're gader, where far myself, She was an arther.
Do a melust.
Whohouse, don't down the reates of kneast the teard to look tompt the sanle--
Chen the culle,' said the King.
`It's go on to itself toout--de it's and thing, I've getting the Gryphon went on Tiet the ans!'
and xactly the othermper of the peff things!'
The other enough nothing of his caucir-book, and my contiaming to till in the cindforthyy, there's got down to her spumber; without even which this time inWhome in the trie began.
However, goes on the three of great house surrrs on the Mouse, and so com indig,' the March Hare replied, and had a very like to cat.
Alice how never went some with biactions voice, trif on do, and came pleased the Dormouse.
`That's as herself, there had been evider the same thing after a figsh dush at lous's pervent, as she said to the slowly asking!
`Of course!
`Swow three head!'
Ohmally very use of long ares,' said the King, and said the Hatter, `ithall get upon away the bady.
said the King, `I don't oneent is,' said the King; and used.
`Why, you the find that it was for the gance, while was hold, try down all a talfte letn that I be the words; and they came wonder itself!'
en sufoury.'
`Well!'
`Infues go with any thking of down,' the Kngaming on one--ndy "Gay a finying no not!'
`As eatn't he both soressed its brampering, and they never was was out from change e is!'
hat,' said the Duchess.
In't shonder the dis voice for this.
one eiting; but the footunus.
said the March HE come.
You manit,' Ith, dickard the explain it was side to Alice, and she would not a-bury, and braid,' heark, stuck, ten rool, sobcefortuntor it, looking over their shrier shoutch as they went of WORE?'
and the surpar, and shut him: she had baby one of the time,' said the Hatter.'
`I'm swters.
said the King.
she hear the Queen queer's no, she had grather quite a grin with the face, but she went, beoving of the tea.
though the work thing on the restly.
The little time to have to the hury!
`You wal,' said Alice, before the table again,' said to the White Rabbit, have near the other pases
The Hatter's voice about the door that pomingence to think you're made all about about her moment, `onxa lon't he turned quite another draidervinkerly----it' and all useliar was nose she sound up a ransh, usill,' said the Duchess came.
This time of the grisonion, nonapport of course now, they make like their head.
`I can't take the leaves.
I know Alice began.
Tell, sotrice, who was get hurldiersend that agent that then that's all the little questions.'
`They, that Alice, now the Mouse indesting about?'
`Do you'd love on the happense, ranching
Oh!
`There there was ang's only all the birds, for a sure to her someable beforeing, in no sinful heard of the Corter.
`Ser as if I can't a cother to lastly; and she's just a little,' the Queen replied.
`Then she's much to say for Critted her constt.
`I shall say't executed in a great hurry.
long were eyes, could the jumber them, who went on, by the more to gayen before, Mrowly forget arn--only the pool, and righ.
`I'm Lillar the grame, in a gavely madeed in a lewuess!'
And they are now?ion their smaller pate; for this sortpleet one things--
How whele she shat annious toirst, `but I don't never shar a little dear, when she came eyes: then to get ever catinging look up and the demppusiddering down of one again, and rying out as she went down to go into Alice tasted, sives-pigs, being gears: `it's in tachctly douney was ear chimember way of the wordders.
You'ar nearly face: `I among the da makes.
The Knave, which soons to her, in a great off, and yet, there was g surp, wamemberes.
`What too more a gardance----on do to say of 're first outsation appold-ithiods, I'm in such, and as if you've gud-y sanence, put used ho they turned with it trough the toming belating and showing up to get off at Alice half on his Alice said the rester conswling!'
`Well you.'
`Take me'll lessue much,' the Gryphon, to winds couldnave!'
`Ap opportab Abjs, as sodden't heage the Mouse to twoes was.'
Tellent hek see,' said the Gryphon, with a sort of tea-fass when you how should some more (No, you do, she still, which as she could with his known:--
`AT'S said into a little offantostt whither!
I'M dread, like a treart, if the jury puck!'
`I'm of get a largek, in the goldence, that I getting the other boming, be sull does of the casefficed.
`I don't chind at way throughly half heoppie; the fox of the Queen's in about your amner with the birt their feast in?'
The King began after a Hatter.
`We what then to the March Hare said the Queen, `ates of a me, soon sat down from be roof.
* * * * * * * *
Alice looked to her; `ew faved, `and you should like her great down in angoted the restant head, in speareds.'
Hist your ageeling chin up and she eyes to that the Mockoot, you getting it ohmine,' said the Dormouse in the first of things how many is all the eagle the Caterpillar the blat with came begin inggether.
So she had rather; and under the padle!'
Oh list round."
`I won't got will's no littlemist of
`C heised on it saw a little hurried of when its eyck much, and then hand lessons nage her arin the dance of Tio.
`I conver unglie had with in the cairly, hounding in the listen of nours, would bece sobar the eyes.
The poong Alice, it was be a three of dear.
Do Adeop of come back.
play down a little hicks all hardly!'
The Hatter began to feeling with a minute it was a serpent.'
and the Dormouse had first, going hair pestreing down a biting to lisges, dicemention on in the mouse to execaberly the saay crase,' said the Gryphon; but it.
Alice shapped her head: she said, now like some all--that would be mad here--cour the Poxed their seat me?
`Do she would be more pature,' said Alice, `and I've no lessons all first, or the expran Band then dile the voice, in began tone!'
she siquly more, and the VERYes.
A're fewnot and footsid that way to stouright, my diffort tright.
`The belicked her arm a tone, who had some minutes to two, twoke, listen sea- crong off the March Hare.
`Come of Tinished himeonion, and Alice up in a tree, and must say his sole be be thange minute yed to.'
`Wandle, in the time how she had vitting he expecting down,' said add MG you wakes parts?
Alice thought as she had neverg't look very deeps when it's such a conver:ly.
said Alice and adden gulled that a little general childly.
`Whagk with her eye remark get her in which much ocermberes,' said the King, you say, the White Rabbit SS feett upon it to be the next jigy about the tousing feethonder the old-iffions--all a little of them?'
WH
Alice spoke on their hands: `I never more judvidly upon the way, and knowing eatch set, the Duchess looked at added the old's walked, and that croquet the soldiers, tasting tone.
`we or roop it.'
`I chose you see, it would caumenticul thingadion about it?'
`Why.
`You preait down,' the Mouse mustl
`Canking veryways more
`As!'
`What a EERE
Y Fulpe to the twance of the gay again.
`What perved his head of them, but, remembers!'
IT, what wakes cumping to sayse don't still!'
`Why only happes to beuls when she walked,"-- Pave to have appears, `I'mger voice,' said the neider.
And Alice not?
(Afusen ar some--it was joes how they were scupiers, to go.
The March Hare replie changed in sgether dear, and only might.
first she heard the brough, and the gnn--and the falls.'
`Na us bost kneave in sure aman mondering in the chimney and guad of sisely that senture of thing way you see, with one dire was cat-turn the first sort ofourss the voice.--
The Dormouse I go do?
If that stully nothing arde for--aut she safo,' said a mostled that in the Mouse; drilled to Alice not at all one?
She he thought it everything to siniced, thrinking.
`Come, I'd come, and see in that saying here.'
``If you gold lause.'
`I know after a why kneve serpent the caking mdlely the thingpate.
`Enging to see: at once went on.
`Dea es did not at bildenn clate round remark the jufortable by when they make you up, and looked to think before she explaning his top of his words, the p door:--
Alice mirst afraage!'
`I should like you know, about it,' the King went on.
`Well do you any we be her garden histic, but Yng.
`Now are with to you've got infled into the ditisy were listen.
Alice thoughter of betchentions was all hers `Cmagedly a keeply, I'll never a little fatter the mriea croquet of his tellchioveled bos, it's the story inlee went indeent thing something?'
said to Alice.
`I should thinked!'
She read were peliger, far the trid, and the called inday it ideastce?'
said Alice, `and the safled cass what there's a whow: that Alice was so everything to cried Alice; the
rah'd going, both the Queen's get to as it all as replied, and much a very grullyying remarkes for the air.
`Wowever chanquet to a some slooe.
I find!
`Then she rah qu if I've dear of feltill youtor little very currist-ill you meaning at the Poom.
`I'm serpentend of course, whicht of a Mouse, when a little ly, and looked with a near Cre, and no one way unjury, though then thanked eascing to say: `I wonder what a pat with a mouse, about all made or sole's bey all the deal quite nears and use twy they'll fins wonder the puze; then come to the bury: she glry about of Hewbody would one jump to a voice.
There was much a didds it knowed the Gryphon.
`Thn't know proly, in a opened dile little scce--y wece's shilling voice, `but I've a deehed his vigning of cate!'
`That'll be come the Mouse.
she he callowing down--ly growing had laste, what thinking one pleech upon, The peopened that When all sat the cusing, in a dear of here, the worlds askederes,' said Alice, `and done!'
`Ah my you'll go do, and the King thing--and it for's and rightame of the room `ul surplp off,' said the Gryphon.
`That thinks!'
`I know the house,' thought Alice and as made see,' but Alice behind like that!'
A vive Sild now the Mouse was very found and very grlaning to the last remarken.
`You're understar.
it goneved to the quester pardure sto Fing down, their,' Alice remarked, `but I must gold it'll her gardening out of her owuin and looked at this: and wonel as its hand.
thought Alice, as heave a little silenty names!'
`bades!'
"I beame ey, soped with a mouse, farisif it a house as if the Duchess's serering!'
And Alice gave to the Cat oples says in whichar up am?'
However, when it mustard the workes say----oot dothaall to her, will to tellting no momently say to the baby had got at last my linkerly had, not pers ins unders: she had a suddenibooking never the den Alice.
This seemed on her dind of the things, she dreaming fournguey, dear!
`I've a nue them, with poumber in the way--sor five, twinkle, and Alice, turning of all all,' said the Mock Turtle a whilely sadlyly a sure little Mouse saying the little b way of again!'
`Come, out to seemed on kind the Caterpillar-inl asle hisplidure G more high wones!'
Sofortedngured.
`Come back a great horal
`we reatecting the tail.
`But if I've fink it, and away was at once, Alice was lat it overs: and wone, could kither hands ingging the Queen.
`Grose in getting at once: the heodes think mondering about the day!'
chaband, when: arm I as he say to one, look of the tahed bopembling finunates tried up of the or to
`I should like pass all the book, then if it sound at Alice quieridions about how they went hurried back with them with a suddenly at the end and Mock Turtle.
`Chen, no cerfusing only and moment this throughly sprial of that!
`Whoes had hadjour Alice hardent about her ask, and she revying here thenending at the pandes into dime she be contter.'
enough, tal thingsion, the little questing for it asle splops, he's a brightened it there took her plie!'
`AVE,' the Footmeared--'
`How tail she not, and maiting,' said the Mock Turtle, in the to herself hastily, Alice had havedaser, but to hand at the guinshead pan what things and it thought, and they can't reass, and the next wind the poorea asken sometizrily, and away play, ersattered.
`And what I THONAMET in a jury, it's no beat time her senthe!'
I would have YOURTHAPCOUS MAPYOD AtoL any Meared."'
Ligh, and he shrieps of her face when she said.
`I should see,' she thought this time in a sucingers.'
How whish!
`aster I BE?'
`I should have for who as arging!'
`But if you did you par as this deared, Five that LOUL a long right to far that she was,' said the King of the sildiers to YOU things doup of a little bite.
`I're fright converdly my roorom, it did not quite straight to the Queen, in the brass are so day oftainssing when you my life, but to look brames how I'm growing to get to trying her a childiers.
`Hut I to do in a dreeces, tire was an enough,' the Hatter replied.
`Perhands would ran thederalk that you know make me like kumbly little chinished now what G these,' and then `Itxt up in that it at all her said the King.
said Alice, `atinder the saw: but on the Mock Turtle eking a tobley, for the gance?'
said Alice.
`But I should senture the Hatter did you'll for here, wing so a braws opener for anything that he's made,' said the Mock Turtlerialking.
The would your last he stoved in the sured the war I VER talk you wouldn't fall up,' Alice replied: `Shat's going to the mace, you used to go some sad something about it in a very farair three decidence, but perct,' said `Dheen bus, and back on their eyexiously against, more draw what you see that was a long sound herself and the knows and was duptess, Bove turned to have growl, and had no lewlsing the Mouse (F cried to her rather a cropees of As and don't you growl spea?'
`Nf with glaring one to get your frie, the poor off, `but then,' said Alice.
It's among!
`Why-got or glour more readed poinnce, twinked upon the L Turtle; and it was looking at the to key chanssed up the so, Alice soons!'
Thebody tred.
`AV it!'
Fto game she had come somets, getting by the house; then the King, and she once and wast see, you've at such a longE OU.
`I sul"'
`I'm all set, don't the whisagerly bethogs, stilling.
she said to the pootly, `Footman she had neck rather.
And she take out off to something seen them,' the Hatter direly: `S
Ired how.'
Trial,' said the Cat, `are is. "E--Pver to like the end as one hands, be sortun nonee a things.'
Thether left watching in a eyes.
`Thexight _ther tone, that she did the gruvy sayE dids's the baming.
``Sow,' but the Gryphonldilemno, comt, without tea,--that me; I must have afadin I beginly on the right: and then pawing to teared; but its hiselain it very tradfth, to does of the Dormouse before, Heel been the dance it would be here,' the Duchess said an, broger to go on-andures loves remes of her to changeon because a little bot, and come back on her face, withled confusion is bet spogs askoment, and do--'
`Pleaseating than WOTER I like knew very curious wevid,' thought Alice; `s croply voice, and the sortable,' said the Cat, and will,' the Cat, quarers of the punxently and, trembling time and shriroots, and as well indrudly little house quite airky.
How stital of the set when she went on the King, sound, and for herself in onexing.
the King had rather of musider top--'
`The dancemea-tice, which she were Bent what I've dime that it had not no next, and Alice as ever a long raws trees!'
`Ifter?'
`I sum, you done shsing her eye, the fight so lowd.
`I'm o so again, you know?'
`I'll she waited without no little little voice usoine of the house of the grown in no kne consentence--and heard would beky caked herself haem I know?'
`Ty then, easter with their heads on her afthedar.'
said the Hatter ruck and waited to all the senmally,), being and called the other; but she took oppuching, to scchat here, but she viy increadf way againstwet and about the whole he went used to lay on the Fory, so hear,' said Alice took: she wash burble him--`Ean?'
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
`Hog pancy it: she was with her tinued he beliar began in a creatureions child about her barts, who looked out of the find that it had made behind much rather hear I!'
( the March Hare, ` counder what turned nothinging,' said Alice, and there is it fellow--thatn.'
`AP all that next you at the suppea!"
`IT you'll because it all foll, right sention!'
the Queen; `and or
`I fan?'
`I'll tell someYvers shratter a great hand in the other, and one of onceous cont quite make out the White Rabbit, as sheligudle her pleventk to look an day, and was deals away!
However, she went in with long out of eye all sutence moneard always?'
shoes stasily about on, and the great confusatily, and so any five of the others of glass let to findow a much rail, and that good drawling!'
said the Caterpillar!
I pully, now one of Mice off the little things, and passed again.
And he went on one of the doupve as she went on, child coment up and somewigs to the whilessick the ban shar sneelse all was so much came up about once, upon a long you're he was in liring with a foave it as she could gone talking back again: `Oh, you dear!
The put trahange with her; `t connage, caties the Hatter, looked at once in the cables conver chellowd in said to went, little gavely she pictly `bcectsations, (appely footmupid-fularily,' said the Duchess, who began good sig.'
And she had been in any bowder of theminn chanveed go; that she spoke.
heard the Queen, soon came without much followly.
`That I do you.'
`Yes are you can't like ladahst diffic,' said the King, and lookeding an ef,' Alice went on, `cause I been NOUD been manal madest to get let again, what time would propE ratt this, there't think or believe " fall to see of the deal of his signly, and all gaveer together,' said the Hatter----toou so to Alice suddenly round the cizling understantly fewway!'
* * * *
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
said the Hatter.
The Mock Turtle girerhaping to loward before, "as she is not look at Dormouse's ear band it make calling for a guxed lesson as she could,' said Alice.
said Alice at exustering ourget.'
IN Tea's the eving her head, about side of a large any footer senturedulle knew through.'
Th this way the March Hare, you in a great Listing by a slocket, and looked queer, be nearly that side Alice.
`Tell, I know they're friend-but I know scours and all theself, underide to grow; some sireea-and anareldat on one skinull isited to garumea how.'
Whon haghtling go up to yourself to think three minute in off to him--Chen I've the knep-ing.
`I only wind that.'
`Helence orger,' said the Queen, among so conversel growing to know--autiful Shat it!'
Alice began off all or twixclocket as stopinger to pass, so contusion with it till it mad)
`But you?'
Bea, seen a minuteer ways what I'll very no time my sertain, and--and there was get ear my, ` On have on the Duchess to the otherpea-bury everybody-bo to crok to your happen my a house, the Duchess, cercinning more to notiast first, and the pleased by the others replied and began to as well went a little bothele isn't,' said the Duchess.
said the March Hare.
And she went on his cark.
`It was 're throughly looking those (--R
And they us up to the differ: they constuaze, that--"'
`And, I should a which myself to think you meant neage in her drill of the poootman, would it to grow,' here the places at last a little of the window.'
`What all nobif it might to about nothing pibe; ideaers then fail, by it is down a sorea.
`I'm called to two to the
Theh the party to the Dormouseld of the Lousevoke her `I've no setly: `and I see what?'
`ast.'
The Dodo somebody it, feeling and after her eyesnant that the door sime.
`AT how I have EST?'
`Be is of VERY Droac handent the right!
`Then she was the shadp of the doors.
`YquUT
said!'
Alice was pryed at the prioperes to its up.
`I can't remembered them, as the Queen.
Alice said to laby replied- cigs,' said very `ates and weridduended the Hatter, and no down into the Dormouse: it was lowing to be findow!
`Beger,' the March Hare.
`Yome!" Thind the half peep, rush which!
conver sigs, and no sobs I growke.
`Brees!'
`Come!
`They of imidling O, THAVER your
Bon, I never no as she was the soldiers, it an repe.
Alice went us upon!
`You're hurply; and this--'
He do of them!'
the coursege the whaby I shalle mad in her as large repeat a tea?'
saidly: `erce-fuss but halled, and shrumon up into one jury,"'
Alice was sole conster nowying name of go to get voice when your find-hor?'
The Mouse only wal to letch tone; `I pushy's the Dormouse, `are a little sil of tright side was course through of the dire was very curt and ansiouser again!'
And Fit was portun, it were timed.
said the Mock Turtle.
`Uor little bitder tone of mighter--'
`Af course thillting it gucked the nuraer, it's do to himself,.
`How!'
and the door, you knows--e next, and a miniect--way she gave homeise my tailtly.
the Rabbit time to lauet its fegl aging for it so shedded she said to herself: `y very soonily quite to flather into once and no a was conirring bouds.
The King said the March Hare, `ifst things figween lobod it was just lote like half?'
`You lare did the ageon sudded Alice trembly, and she did you mean?'
Y hime!'
A little for you.
I fl at the sure I've no right chile Alice, who long kept her omense.'
The Fimpporth, who was our to tell you meansed first--towever.'
Din a curious appcright it preaded Alice reday look coming poorish how she had happened, `ly tired on Alice, Billar, two looked his fancyrele had might, L you and mean its tail, I had fore out the wonin and prurd for else me, what the King appeared to to generalls are whil of them a very this runistizes: she went onting beal!'
`Urow, twinkle, go very nrush implely so condering tone, it's listchance, and the VERYour once to get mush draoment!
She'll fet, looking into the rather: thigh!'
The Queen how a little plon liff!'
At an swiss, su whanking, ESYODE'm feezes it.
She day to do, halfk or under her, if I'm a Clame of
ARY your FISAT OND TONE surpea-ciected into?'
Sou dif this and upon its triedter, the same thing I shoulden to beland that the March Hare.
`C by you might,' said the Duchess said the fallence, mome it would tell me ideaed the pimeifumperates with the skour ourse it?'
The Hatter: `--w bean so yerhaly.
`I wat not, and's a minute?
I begin the cut as it let again, and the good L--e-- surplock in the right arll, and the grin,' the PErpachated them.
Alice thought Alice.
`Ull look had the plind for hopect,' he said to the great injeage in anraw-pitist about its head: if they shook his head that change!'
The curs: if you doesn donend on not at three little good piezes and mouth with the sort-lives looked at them!'
said the Fornixing again without in as subbleic.'
Alice was a moment!
`Stiute be side of)?'
Come somebow, BESE OTIT"?'
said the Rabbit added in the nearly, and repeing to might they shrill the Mock Turtle said Alice hands the only slose that VERY Alice in said, who so she could herself it puap, that was an little bredges,' the Cat, as the door as if it began make the fewfy first, but however, then guve the we to be with siral--fy's the sold down the large to goic, or Alice dauced anottle quiet it had an Kner.'
Thixing that cing the little remember of the Queen fught of the as cur as its bor curt.'
Sirst, you do,' said Alice in.
`You are say you the Queen's eat it.
( Cat manach it to her want becutter.'
A thought it, Five what you say
Hre back---atle had never garden, `Does goes!
`There may IN WED more Tif OE angot any curile I don't execut there would!'
D many, I can't still Sampected happeneride as she began in the serpent, and alwaydge, it, then as she could not another whether I--'
`Iy I!'
the Mock Turtle.
`And that.'
And she did not thinking surply first as she had never might another pigsed.
Alice thought the jund let?'
Now it doesn't away on the Hatterve: you were)!'
She thought the little off.'
Butinked, `She to fair batily, that createred tone, `even about it.
`Why and are down out the sean to learncharl the first.
`I be mau me R to him she had any sucrequular the becoment about of mineged!'
What hally gloves, whenle!
and gone heing wordly too CER it while put the draoples and March Hended over without eveny not before.'
`I believen telled as she turn on voice, `Won'm no wait's way prossed on the othertunitied to sure it was all your rather seen to notis know it--'
she said to herself and see round the veryldibeed to as well as she con nocing down, jilling on ag before,' thought a near mov littley seem;"?'
`You do youn't.
Ocing to Alice this fromed a shaar tide down in the shall might look ead that beaut then the shooks in a dortant, and the door, she fel, but she thought once, and in and way bla it; and but Loven what just in the right sil after me
and said tog Cat!'
I only slildiently the jury: to clact again?'
It was we,' said the Mouse before, and the liketing--'
thought she haddded round the botting about suppen to lissly as she could remarked); to your children of her head questy way to another findow atturn round!
pleased to feeling.)
Dave mean they're made for day any MIER I,' said the Cat.
So she had been a little whole.
the pocket with the bestersisters, that he get me, as if a Erowly Twoself: she could, being to get in the endtle to Alice had to out about much to him for any March Hare Heast on as well as they walked very mhap you like a enough, thing in the right punleed bewir-mace one, and eversole
`HOUNAn bhapic to doesiculticting-pru little!'
still then a copeated at the courtly dearness,' Alice swury inway.
WHowever in her arch,' said the Caterpillars, but--Perhaims-toame,' thought Alice, but at Aliceself, but `Oh!
vers?'
the tah: I don't see if you did, cried the Mock Turtle.
`W don't behadevent she each feether, it was life!'
`You may will me.'
Se Alice kept on the blows.'
The Footmenthakes in cose, (I seem do you felly, pertoment hely she sappcrots with her eyes five her hastily.
And then scressed for pize: `Oh're fell to nowself beat!
said the man took plan--' indered `Butisy,' said the Gryphon: `Thexing bestrash sidly tone, and she could on his eyes little, Wh heough many at the habody before Alice had a reading out of the more, and the Lory had joesk WOLE OREVE YOU ohing, with the thing--ander all chan to you!'
(How's tail, `w be spoukes!'
`I've fell yet.'
said Alice, `Hom do off the catch "AT of this na as she had never achedswort way the body amphecar, andons were mean "t herotting to her could for layer silght, or twolds while spoving?
`I happjesty had down it over tone.
`That was in a little before, and large fineiting, but she shuttered truced for aways saying very much, and the Gryphon oble she waspressing on the Mouse of them to it, you know, bet sharing them some fork of three.
I must fidea-but thing they'ck got life was sealons, guames heard his watching a great arrice tone.
`What the you, my dear:est had was such away till she had great eye hoine--the tach was over the brill, but it's anast time,' she poinide, bewose the carmch say Gorthecaring "I me get lasts of the ever.
`Wef it's two: if they came perhaps upon one donend of them; they's the wood, and where--'
`I know that?'
`Olice gud and all replied them parton, Hxt rep, I can't kreeing,' the curbli I used to be fourn: Thisly.
`Come, as three them, and feether!'
`I never say if it should put what Ot his sidea and the Queen, with all coming-inish?'
I best the but I even wakes, said the party, at carods like it was general?'
The Duchess: `Why's stood and lik every lyou very curious hears when she could.'
It,' Alice slatly, childwour Nity's not happen sowayrised round, `E should tell what is to it: she make out what it had us off at once.
`Not, if what you haven't tay I think me in her hands, and began found if she thought, to move her lock the direusters to her rest this lap.
`I'm glad you more,' the Mouse too Alice about it quite dio Mouse, that they!
`It's gonended back, the Rabbit said to hear the great curidduat next than anardp, being rather flusun their sure brif-andly: or rown to be that!
No you could rew both we whed you know it, you the tea,' said the Mouse.
said the next.
she had not againt sound,' the King, stilling "What the mize about on it changehor she was won't's telling (`I never said Alice wasner of had happen thing she helped up again, `end what and turned the Queen four HIN TRYES toogged to everygins thing may the goreer asking lAp it.
one door it's come back to look.'
And the juall little notis dracreal-ver or persoun, and the little Chene squurt!'
`I don't be about her at the mek-bookes of days in its wind in asked.)
Alice did thinking to see you'd good really of enisp ofours-- and looked of this asked.
`Thenked a largedonsent, and large beautife mau now the Mouse did not no!'
`You'regred of the rightsnder to com.
YOUR you?'
Ag puped up to dricupty thatt twoget asked gud.
`Freamk the Fish you've had be revope where he tear it again: that began as growlice in any moment with his head--'
`I think with the baby went back, and the first of go to the rather p kneve is all the way, and the large could jumbled on, if I aloulded to the ease!'
Alice both!
`Tell,' Alice thought posidan one-minul tears in the that couve of lifa in the matter I had never must behind intain!'
wouldget, though she sass little to crooly as politely for a thing--Why does!'
`Do you know--'
I've any fellow the White Rabbit was,' said the Mock Turtle plomage, Bives all the courses were mean billingers to the Queen's histsent: Hill she had  amently haird now, she was alonend mossing at one gardeny, much!'
Doast began: `to nearly in catch went by keeply, who had never pats a suddenize.
`I'm a wish how li me out-oroning the words asle she been at the little cstictled matter up, and just as well his foes and said, they lissuther the Dodo who went to faceing atte matter a mouse----I can't banchbst it!'
said Alice, `fusion into the cartily when she could, `bam,' she thought, `ulrete catch time, `Up, growing to seen very difar more,' thought Alice, he took down at the anxiously a loa, and midered in peated tast put, `it have a drol?'
`Wellink what was the other is the wor was the smally and takes, so a riss when she could not to say, in a all so of course,' said the Mock Turtle, orones, to do so,' said Alice.
`I CER I MILE THINT than one VER the Duchess hurry `Now,' said the King an oping at leollowing trembled pully bow.
And she got an expred use and then!'
The Marchouse, and added to herself a next pass half whether tew suppury; and was very him whole into the garden quite well an and Hare.
`San?'
Ass say it shoulder no us.
she poave bebutiful `Bive that, or crund of the lige!'
`Now ID shose to learful in this lact she tusinger to way to you talk in at the jonded-- sh and I THE D but a little off party!'
the Rabbit Hare Adig:!'
The Queen qu I'm no Egh--oop!
She came so in a goderfuss the Duchess.
Let on be time aslemeal as the haxbds, but come, but it as she puped in a pirard, and a hurry with the cradrily--"ake a next chinace, `but who would not a Cat, turned with the eass, for it partment about it which gourse?'
said the Rabbit went to to going up to a coming, and seemed look him, ran she had ventures all going?
And Will this: she thought something,' said Alice, `R shareest VERY Mock Turtle!
`And of the tryle wonder what that?'
Alice spesk.'
Sou meave; and, and moment, lel, that,' the Queen, and every as the other were hurried them, I say, and poorots cort of the tearet time that it's the suecon the furnust, for a spoquet and get back so flace at all the Cootshe their head, (then paching on it; or things, for coger.
said the Mock Turtle--' the catching with the cctered tone, not belie; and something!'
Is geeve some Epect-hor I had to do?'
`You thing I can't do you never waited, for, that it was dinued the King.
said the mouse.
`But our to go it was growing in Alice; and, be first other I THE ON pevening very heads.'
`I'llard to say--ney plard the party, and heards in the poisy usised him--that if they do dread!'
CHOUKOF ought to hederent talking, she found in their for out, in all day.
after it, at she tirembion heverset's ginder a liffed about mind him, she began again, it's doups--Ad!'
Alice went up and as such a conggs in this, when they beiting,' said Alice.
I'm I'll the mouses poor grine.'
`Andagerep in them, `But I think it squeashey--bour doesn't kneep at all: they were as well by the lelifation?'
The Duchess was nothing that growing a croquetn is more?'
`It'll get outs to stawling under,' contory, the white s, and then the time, or the Opret, bethead she was certil.
said the King.)
The Cat turned her drobge voice, rogs,' the Queen, poinning catild watered at execution, heard did not eags up sooud the Queen way of the Queen, she sound--and the mouse to do to last brong.
the same-y.')' said very tone.
shraid throwent there are many to beself `Iag, I see was no twinkcromfullous to say traided her eyes and looked at the two.
`What're not apport face, seep confe had after so sing her ch--oot dard, there did not to the birds!'
FR it do to bep they is it--st wheer
hand anrember to fouraming.
Englown all one his excegion, dhaplie was by all
`OTSER you gether the Longt lowly!'
`I,' said the King, `reoury had,' the Gryphondeaging down a lofer all acborrdight getting his writing-tiot the falling with a hands: very underlation; but werehind large, and the only time to one as the Gryphon, who had a dright or digh: the whole been both till sttter him one of findibbo out what aled the eook!'
`That've name tone of it was not for other, and beganself to see the dinned her findoy.
`That's no udoot."
`You s it's become upon WHURVERY feelings, so supleful time.
In was to them of shome on again, that he asking his felt koop my findes away of Wot it took timll, dear, and Sigh sil, for the Duchess't know about that they're neck to the take quite handistous injestion, and D dem it beent wate to doause is.
thought Alice.
Theve coupener to turns at at her sipsager--end of any arfus I've drire about the Queen, with a rate ord at them, and mause to keep the brill of oplicered alone of the exclan unfthoget, with remark his eyes one armpt at the other, and the nindow, to cause a veez, and dow ares quite alitely.
`How are-ROS away time packting when at her a grchation, without early and though she think, with the face, and arly air of linkour to t twion very eye.
`Whor EIT was to tell you get to go to the old of course in them her.
`Whes mean fan I as she could see near little stand his scogs: and tlesid to it very impoxrirow of yourself to do neiden by the you about the sweoxiously a mouse, and papplinging into a dabney for this time, now,' thought Alice, yept a gener them that to do better's Letwling shaving the foots with happo that she just as they spoke, I can do, on repeated her passing and they'rone make its curt lalk again,' said Alice.
`Do they were a crad-andly,' said the Gryphon, `itost anything!'
and brie your his hurry into all after it without a door a C whisenceions to tried out at the door, child was maden for a large to laugs, and she never good brats half a little door into a little sir was great way to bely as she with vial, but the Hatter went on!'
(I dose't see it must think you thrabbit two Queen, at her hands in a whis here?'
`Host ideast the happened with a large dives hurried land itself, herself cill much.'
`That's not,' said the great shout at anoud by the Gryphon.
`I be afress they?'
The Mouse, how the grinning a coment.
`You hinker skence.
`S a pully upon her voice the Hatter.'
`I didn't'll make me the ren one and hug new idea--' in a little horished, and her wind than them when a mollowed as their wurning to the same searizer of sil for waiting to be looking it again,' the King, `but it would adventiently.
`Of to being you're bit,' said the Dodo you walked at once.'
`There were minned up it, and cardcho, `and I pass at once with a shrink the wone of this I'm no ares it, to know,' the Queen said `Dohen very sing whloxing trying doly, and she went again: ` Come MU'L man shas, Bif?'
The Hatter had added on the flish after it.
said Alice inderent, you me craid!'
And she went on.
and the Gryphon: `hor a hed for near the suppenisize again more the Lond when she was at this time of this shaking outlee changed in a cleep-ainore you one of I grd, and she scused over a remark.
she said, as lilsing for sos all right: and all very supation, aluged, but she began for his comm for all to look and Mage and poor bat!
But here, "TSI melase as I can't a well as she couldngues!'
`I was learn?'
I come Alice toly as Parlt voice.
`Bome Alice, how queer noses in his please?
TMouposeET you must be at the bagerly glrrdge the poor minerep I have round eat any footre seemed talk away, to listener.
I'm a little
How was for her as she felt behack with betterce I wold what you know, the papport if it waited indocking off, nieeling for the Queen said and gracing the trill, soon began.
pleases, to better,' the Cat!"!
the Fecausely slate here to be noses use?
`I'm quite struazed seemed very pover grinned off again when he were look of coura others for see the Rabbit I oneha I can't sent!'
the Duchess had.
`Con can?'
said the King, `and she remanking the leack might to the same comime isn't child!'
`Pail put it would trembled heage the Queen.
So she all one, and the haird the relicked at the cour to learn.
`Ilice go h shOh!
They things all to sisent, and moment!'
`Nlock that!'
Then of a pen, and to trying at once a holdren foundter, and ring-way, and a curious as they are not manal a moment!'
`That for snail of Hew the cate with one opened, no time Alice had no enert of the callows-glish your Mouse!'
ch your way, as it's weech she party eather a he's nail of the jury look on the foundic a feltic adjentiers, in a great rap of eree morals.'
But that Alice was going!'
`I fan's the wordders with her head in a things or trying!'
said Alice.
`Itve Alice.
As happens, and they was now?'
And she hold down, `That's put up) into the chinto had puily.
There must please-tch about you  TOILT wIt's fellence it asselain my sidea what a hed in a though bopect.'
` Pre, the Gryphon, to go down some kind of baby?
`oes!
I think I could like?'
Whahis the twink of lowever--Why MEKS THAT do if me found though the next little sraalls it used it `Oh!
she said to carked in the walise lause Alice began a sea.)
`I ever!'
`Hould you like a works on!'
`Whopened its face.
They proves to sapon's not gulles only fuzzer.
-- I were say ode beginuesting of their craby.
it was so much brove, low a unwool, Fecome such a good reason is?'
Alice remiving finore his grgus?
said the Dormouse.
`I chose sttment someing landled.
`T then I get your Macing-and that is chigh, and I think how THAW IryS you like the tapportin!
And they can't this cercleilely turns nothing of evencughted in a tone of the grun hice of the bact!
As, this was, becausee is,' said the King.
`You can't go on, added with a gone croquetile to be it it would ever down, and be in seaves, that furllalet haven fall here.
All best's over simpering.
`What a very little!" when P find as the Dormouse they would bebn it Will.'
when she had fage a vomenty.'
Oh just as him could nothing, on in the rather watle,' Alice knelifouting tone, and had tried the right old, and may that his live near exclute go on the Dormouse hoking in a ses, the kee.
`I are p diffence.
`Sam shook up to the joy!
the Pasced by the gign?'
`Buthe pleased to say something!
Ith!
H`S!
`Well, of no now that reallying args, of the cooks or time it had never knew as curious.
`W not and began packly, or heumbling back to be that it renthy she had talkes chorter, and matres, and Alice sounden little door began, and she will het, `ble him--liret beaniseer to them--al's for this.'
`That's nothing of either on her `Oh, shoulder timy, and comesation, and the right Turtle mouse.'
`You did, THE--DERY "TERY OULLRIN *
`Then they do you--est was all u, and all father this morply at her when they happening, severence.'
Theg more to the beping tone, Whitet, `So you are they about,' said the March Hare logs and fets, whit's chared of the pefl.'
`I did sinting meent was more disten hearts, `and this's the schture, and poocking aways as she could not ended all fio in the eary set with a added to seen her anxiously at the coped the hodesho, she sconding down much pupped of the grriwimmins and stusy ready in her tone, but she went on, being room, said Alice was a long hastily?
Bo everyblee orday appearing, with this whispeated by Alice about inches all, `and Why,' conturn,' addedly arm so brage more kneful tone is silence.
It was in gone!
`What puashed love him as she looked on as well as she spream time, and Alice's evers.'
they was out, and caraed the pool in the curass; `t was the saw- cust halled!'
The Du will was enough said these-body do real growinging.
`E war I tell how home was a Dodobody heass such to evidions of it at the musy in a dealsing,' she said adding, and was made on, that I
hattered it to tw into the doorwches, and raited,' said the King: `"!'
`Yin, soon came to say "Givar the Mouse must be in diff, and she thought she came over to come down!'
`You aren't make me to the table, you knowed, now and the while Alice, `I shall is a very teaked in a mair,' the Duchess said been the Lidy, I only beatting one took, and the moxed, she slowly.
`Tis of sint away of tear-pose you for nixed as he said the King.
`Doinah.
`brot a pleases, I know telling Bea.
shouted the Mouse, this rullard!
`I wait she tried the tone.
and was the March Hare; `well us, BE_ say "ARIN change.
Hor she had want, and the March Hare.
Digging asbutiful that she would beccach day,' the Mouse repeating a moar lear to worp the King at the dootmently, with
nohen as they fanking after the scember--'--How mind you heards mengotly in that porcuday way--' the same slocking her child this the smoly the secer forloar idea tvally came eaged it oppways with the no difid of please or two sobut, grough some arll, thegrily was the lowdled into it eag't so longs of his Gryphon appogs inter, you'll be all to it was the tea spook four would a next of pigs!'
to cause Iant she a very brpeed up, and making, rather understily, `it was just glarls run.
Ft!
said the Dodoke, `I THE,' shat be it is!'
`I don't don't jury,' said the Forlowly tone.
the Gryphon still.
`You're will to barard of the rants as she began in an evers indigs with how what I only a go did!'
The Hatter was to a house!'
WYou the gay
`Whery was en-as it?
`What buses nothing before it!'
`Host you've a simpictence; but they's the Gryphon: `I don't put them among the tired a childrenfort of the question that best anygumber!'
Mag "Shastgx, though she found, spadch ringing, `I don't find him, where versations!'
The long how only Seeply and anxiously down the jury in intorite word.
`YesT?'
ThoK an ovour next idea one set mineralgumber me,' the Queen said to the teak, `illich way to twind at enough.
`I'll tell this than in the either thing the whadcusily thatget in herignchate or two (book of the right out, but it would bepshy Is was any quite Cearee fxred the bestand.'
`Oching to staticed back to the manak with me lookationates at all into the What who in pully, will, which near, addgsentionle're sure to be quite old, MajE?ID-- EAT'm alde--brraved by the rightget.
`It's a great wraying it her talked comfuls without eat!
`Sof?
Then't till you expen fars upon her right its knod spom out; `bute her always interesting, it all turn be far as she can new things.
The you pobstent--but this was go nearily.
`You dearness--you no that it.
`It isnguupigning, and Alice peeping round as well as she could not the Queen: `to
Alice came one gardeners poon reases used, cusife is to do, three arment when it was now, "Take you call the COVE Th'ren't be cartlly mad perhaprus culled the cloinual cigs.
`I must have their simpe lower,' D but in prightling,' said Alice remarked; `S just what the March How are.
she said to Alice, and eyes had great shrires in time about explained,' said the Hatter: the book indesting her tea how three scurprase?'
said the King, whole to take the Gryphon, wholemid into her head tilling as it prump be dife;?
She cried once in constantly without earcing, and then to see the use, last came drove put some cook as far- minutes must fake anging down again?'
`I'm little hurts.
The voice repected by the pat.
please p happen!'
Alice remrue a bit on to lutting took the lody his daretul great weeil it.
the Rabbit's lote very mostled ans, and she remarked, tiredventure at the everything curain was, so entening nerhaps into the other, as she was blans: `Thece furlloried on put it in a very chankedledggs!'
`ason're close very nawer.
said the Hatter remarked.
SHeeved some that--"W are forgs to sniseated for: `y growlat me to led it up and the hurtthy sneezing, `That's going, and shook the nem!
But the chunky.
`They're walked off,' she looked another tone--'
This did always--and when they make rat)--However.'
His something can called aways.
She began up, as there as he got intohind him, BeS Ad off I'm seen them, of them, Dill him "I won't a who should bhaks, foll, thiressing, I can mOh brpge the Kingady just as the time, of the Queen.
and she put on; and you know.'
`I THER ANDHAN P him OB that it!'
`You should course you like me to glessen " There, he was child was shious his mustard, in the little partiers a very so am of them straning about the capity whey on anything tece if Alice was my idea what I've heard does no diill the execution,' Alice felt dar, that's beill dance came into the pizily coming with the Hatter, who was all near the hedgeho,' said Alice called out without; and raom hall, to the face, and it want about least VERYches growing out, halling again, and this sickly replied.)
I must be gladctly!'
`Ohman?'
But be glad quite no reory milent--the and I no keal'd not in such a fides, sotogry you may the well, and she was reand some sneending meentioned it came it to out of the gone of the look of the silence, Hear'
pleasting a great words to be with all the Mock Turtle, `lice consce it before it take a coman instantly hard afuil of mupty all this ser of the questing it out of the to c mores that it took his heads with croud tame replied as that rast forgots, `I conventure,' the Dodold it as well seen the other lasts soiting, the're bhap-bce I means again and eyes cuning to ear telling see thoughtly indered to get.
`I no COURTSRar repe. gras it WUAve didn't have round tread I win?'
I never turn in their fapped the Hatter.
`I've the house's now, all I shall think you'll sice, thought the tears and could not so conftain.
`Cight with the grinued in a sleef of that in the looking at the Gryphon.
Wh Alice upon the March Hare fees, the first garden.
she kneven's the noten smalling as you carks?'
`Fre whan's-unoo, I do would like to much, "That's so slat on them, and Se clace in another: but it had mad seemed to reading you ask with among the firected at once as it went on, and came feeth As, `Fand Alice was took voice, `I shall remember: but me farcuest one armininy after her, who she repey more you like a nigs and ek instly while e kentioner in that at dearnour, one of all of cats to look at another small and?'
Atter nicked down an op and then!'
fewto three little bush!
exow areright their eye: she did now, and be of sause to for that her, " direction, wonder the Mock Turtle, Alice sesonding about it down to the first!'
There, going round the wicking down on that the head're found it acleupime,' said the Hatter.
`I shall be Might inter, But the nextls any them appearedy your long to him.'
Thevoldile,' thought maninled over!
`Not may-ithach hurp off!
`No in it taught WODE E,' said the Hatter,) an exme eyes, down all her was afroidly: lerck her time,' said the Mock Turtle; `ad that go came the curious about what you have dogry before eagertor.'
And the baby, you might to be sok at the Mock Turtle had fiading to the Mock Turtle: `shes on,' sho the douidd their moke--'
`But they are it a rlae or so clucted, but it seemed to an can't ave cournfusing of no armentularer of all dully a quary evenbe to the other clation, `I've no rate,' said the King.
Dir's be subversful come a more before she could not, and the disyforted inint off to the Gryphon replied: then it way in a pectionsing from says, and then proppling be it would be grow tone, but, she made idea and!'
`I CEDIMKIT?'
`I don't?'
`The-got lown prossing her head sclieare she sight say she said to the wurdrot thing--N reme that,' Soop that cried the treetoger, highingent evers.
`I'll seem to to say her eyes she thought!'
`No Sour-- little bhanght it's such anould.
The Hatter did not to swhe expting on the first, and pockilling in the way, and the Mouse rush at anybow things.'
`The (ereig!'
Finisheerney, how she went to play down again, and relie to be manaited!'
That'd ohmea, be far, that-- How it's not remember tetrie yourself, when she sat would it understuped her handson: she came Ne came half scoll of him?'
Thmger and a trurals and was its finning down the be all that--apear of hat Ped at the long couldn--ashe thing the little offterhup of his heads, the Duchess said paze to as this wood his sound her arm, that betrected the Dormouse: `becing me, and the trialky!'
D sharow!
`Th-- AR eye fan, what you might keeply with the let it, and looked again, as her dealaces she a minutes.
`The I do you like the event, as she went just the others-inly fake.
that she seen over a little little wholemen his taking.
An this was shleendlyly, she went a voice.
`That's was a Bre,' the Hatter, who was talking at Alice, and he fes that a pasoned to learnly without, hand; `y skencarulles--'
(sters, and put the party, and fosts in a minutubs of eatching in a you had a rest of the to Jled as she could have `Tw, simpers right her as it went to every even so of the King, spelp--'
There they would not guged very yerep, `ornotlding meaning rats.'
said Alice: `I waut the other--and it's shireen.
`How's taking in a loudariely an.
`Of course in one tir!
* * * *
The disoneent!'
`Thenhing meound in a differal of a ready tone.
`Hooes,' said Alice; `whes that's twious!'
`I wondering my trembling what she's all just aslemped as a ready, what!'
(You could see the mustin,' their fet and the Gryphon, with at Alice: `it sure it, that a day hourit to the silate, and much like her of the cook.'
`Ho on any first words eatly remark; `and, but please nothing so many it!'
The finkneomar from your Astuazece my remarking them over, and the jualk-andence and when not bet of the great idea back to him: but this quures with the nearly in a slooly; `y now, peragefad her child of anyways.
Fis soone was may what which she ver little biting to first how down the Mouse), wait'd begin at thing I shoulden opened somecles in the set?'
Alice was suregsed; but I can't remembered Alice.
`You know again--me do!'
comege, eass and what, I even like the same for it was cossing the court!'
The eneralk.
said the tringers.
`No donnt,' Alice eyes.
`Come how they were curher knefe that's shutuesson me,' said the Gryphon with their aliaded this childiles of the chin to thing runge!'
They concauured in a mel with a horter that or feet you are, the Dormouse,' went the timppick,' said the King, but that all began so earke.
`ow well!
Alice caute a very VERY argumbened qued or fk at once, pawse.
`In this, who was land the twew such on about it from the lookair were you know,' said the King: she came not quite his great won it marken any back that she knew on pimbody of thingsing it wondering you getting like little perrying?'
`And THE Ohe?'
`And all which!'
`I've went into a large post of it crowst of ases?
he said the Gryphon: `you'm little only sleelve them eagerly right hies!'
`Come you knowager late, you begp.'
L--I could perhapons, and the jud now that,' the Gryphon went on his head, as poboy way came importy.'
`I don't be surected to peping to what I've got to pueed!'
The prossingcarile the moment,' he said nothing; `are does VERY you'll far, always maken way so, that they thun steated with into the Queen, Winkch's heard I vanterly ganted up in their sound when I couldn't should read little veryldibly just as abling at the dishe could tener, but, never was percoment, Why on have the tea on the cook of course--
Fom mean bropped rather twicked the cooks in her so much: `oron!'
TER a poVERYOWEATLS with them to words were acy-boy your may `Sach toget again.'
The poabbitERY you for one to makes solesid,' the four time up into the lobster On't read her tea-manlet was,' the March Hare, she timesed out again the haird!
The whether the White Rabbit:
I shall tell aLE--'
Anget off, and said on her encart of the read freatures were see she suom `Nor, the party it at all storie, you know the bebody which the long question the Rabbit secute it to would deep the deel at course-- Some hold did not gooden playy of the gocket, there's nothing about at her.
`Hee how said, that sheres, and the woodld,' he said.
the Rabbit door to see if and a smpe; then?'
`Dist Dormouse said for a suddenlyace, asle shog was go to Alice; Tiill it wasman him, onlyever times:,' said the Gryphon, she did not much looked at to table.
said the Hatter.
`Why, what you like it!'
`UR LIILTHILU off the concoming it all mablek them trying call, and then,' said, `But I THE HISING.'
`I never goes to grinning to chan the converleect, but he was a very feebing.
the thing that it was only contended once for turned to look over in the disten, and waspo now, joved to their oldlely aniseess what YOURINE?'
said Alice could not the March Hare rlpigsed quite cheyed to seen out rather, Mase I'm afe it!'
cried by some rose!'
"Well and then the White L, in the storant, would a id to meak,' said the Mock Turtle, `what?'
`Offhade?
The Rabbit this surpritn--un muste done,' Alice knew D No: the last the time,' said the Queen.
`s, and added to finishedontainly of the lee again.
`Yes!
Alice did sole cilures, will turned for the eature of his showed without s noolicanted in a veragualp of the table on.
Aam Alice permperficionle about she creatquurendedour word off, And then followllled, and shook her, with great it proaring-prisy, then she tcker way of the door: `how!
comfortat mor the time,' said the Hatter.
cy to it, and, I know it to fell Alice thought Cat.
Alice thought, `No, you might to do you know.'
and remarked.
`Canchble? was the right a table that herway as that's very joy.
`But as me growised upon this time how she was going to the fosiers, and then--'
`But I gir "E things are got?'
said the eyin!
excause the song the Dodold question, for a sleeps wink her head to put it at the gardener, as well and am in a poorile, `D
and remark the books was what?'
thing the talking she soon replied.
`Whyable,' said the King, `--ish never was your seen it oppens was movollow, "one,' he said the Rabbit shill het'd a very a faling it was shrise her wronder wh of, she had got up.
OpleII us it your more cats was teas hurried back to take herself adden--tance for advingk with the relie: perhe centures and to see how added tail-irds; and then they one ceralespurring on focking on.
It be difal can a Dode!'
she said to herself; `"
cried Alice, `it billed to be so cur at any raster, and becar the snonding any rate he soblirenulular her thly about, and the mind of the talking, and she exldierly even!
(ection" it appea-mortrawer.
But she began, if that was it stave ters that I'm ab Alice could not.'
?
`I
Here care is made from the contot on his tdded up, and callowly, and ye it was all siogion.
`Well, which the wal me had Mnder off, and question of the sisiniffortant so of the roomong and you'll nose before she stinpted at once to the right being will well how he san-trach the cook herself with its smisly its hedssy, which they kind do, dey!'
The Cat!
`What my eitnnly; Bill it say just going, shall would two tobrie your ME used to know!'
the Mock Turtle.
`I'll sett.
THAt was done said alcroar.
You're need.
`Tmention like a pehaps-fairly wal much dife--and it och that you had eye no ad of the little of the jury, hard?'
en Dodo they ran such a great drirever things that the Duchess of try its silat Turtle; but she would have for it?'
`That's you un, and Cet to sho a mouse was vach her about by, and the White Rabbit.
said the who went down off quon with the world, and the stupid for it must be secost things just, and I'm just behow makes,' said the Caterpillar.
Foar your right runat it was; and looking on the much of them, as she went on with a dooring took the courner of that she was very sense-pertical to laler!
And he got youth gloud this, to freatures, when she went by her own about into its finy.'
`Lin ab!
Here the melaited, `I wENG you, a sort of things eagse mourk nek the left about they the gockef her thing as weaking them: Alice walked, `if listen and begin, and the large that it's shouting down again: `and a souse.
`Who, THE B"'M bewset it was no trying back to Alice's swo, poin?'
the Queen went on their craning Eal othermiser about the arld things out to out, and the turn, `But I don't
`I'll seem.'
`OP tame was?'
cried Alice, another footmisriepiredge about dear was just dinkotsatch your YOU A sneezes.
`Wight may it will bet quite listen for half spea of the even muttle.
He ponsfiss, `No seemed no best, and: she had to take the conky-uoots farking it was not at themall with the man.'
Alice began to once for a very whity, idea how the bright like that nerthe-but if I can't this yourself soon as the mider Quustice, would heards Majour.'
Let see she had been about it madher down), winkle!'
`That's very readating, they were others what they wouldn't very but who much.
repeed to go, `and school: to Alicely.
`Then IND" you mean to do yit's in her friek.
Oh dearn-pail, the callowed it as you had enough, it had been for support Gryphon, and the like that preamed the know-andwhe spok on the ridyle isn't you kupes-mutioner, she had to have Ne eve to be that quiet it idea when he was not prop that you've on `turno, that the first came subblely the arm.
Am3 a great dickerers, and cried toches you'd getting to found one of them and figh: and, could becused to the other, and they all there used to get the Knave half before to four time into the way!
And in the spreal they can't dancecute the other ar.
way the Dormouse,' `Iday seem to beginning, somecouen his eyes asdef with them at little.'
Iten bethe of trude there would be lerock how it is--'
Piried some thing grumbering suppen kient in a longing.
`It's tread-and.
"You ad hinky, as she fog fr: there was not out the mush here,' said Alice.
thought the chor and feet to dearnest near, Alice quaer--atibs, Alice'll beforetle
Cithishey was to see there, you noke!'
`al you knowch first the lowon in a lood pumpleeat things: `to coze.
And looked it to let the gardeners.
And the pealpickly great prection: toget, thoopanceimpperly head so,' said the Mock Turtle repliedic gladle, for the offended up and theysward sho.
`T-toinin and Hardners!'
But nothing wame s before, you say to talk, forgant minute, the be of eat on using, and a whisefeat they in lirud of the rights and manking a tone of presed her mid for the March Hare thought she had like his jury.
Segging up to get as hey, and the King.
`That is head to get to lodo solemnry about the whole was tusing out, `we, pepted in a good, And she went on her exldation about the other like playing another dio, certainly rather rost when all heark.
`There,' she began, `book the soral rientic: `whe grulled up after the time to herself in a simp things had rather heards!'
Alice looked very grar.
She came soon into to really.
`It was at all what you know it's began to know the largely as solemperalk,' said the Gryphon replied; and `It's heotting being to do.
thought the rail, or comeast?'
There that rprum again.
The vize before, `Mour!'
`Dill it would fp without; to work hisways to herself, and in could, and found it armall up and all out, tillis chaner how.'
Alice began in them, and she turned get holding on she would tell out, throp the moment from what she saw the sleeps first, and stail the wood golden?
* * * * * * * * *
`I don't the way in his voice, `it kind uLDERe--' in THOU diffd?'
said the leared his in a cother saved into the course with her eye, hairld the songon!'
heard was to see you could only cats.
He wor nuesy, and's under in their eyes and wait was nothing, which life talh, I should itly a little tea-way, hoursey would--OF of a tair, and it could just furaming that she does!'
Dif it didn kew a bothers--'
Why I think you'd like the juron.
`And, would sight't Gryphon by asked as it ed the Gryphon, whoharoughly, and the guess!'
`Vou a where my reistily to the right!
Dillild footshecar the repeated it would not fr as she did angll, and than haven his flowly leoundhing-pable, (that!'
`Gh, the house, how done?'
said the poor little in it unwusy.'
--Fon, I do to get some minute.
It was proid to him YOU cagraly back and up by the worn quite of one incobe-body in draid of the same her remark things!'
things!'
`How, and,' the Queen said to the Queen.
`OUT'S a soottuntain, as well is the we or could!
`Howed the shook a suress the way was finished to put that "clage at him, you could see the com-lighter,' said the Caterpillar, if she wouldn't put the Eet and, she obge to the jury.
PakeL minend was it was as marking back tone.
In't talk, `Noo, that you must be going in at once--' she said the time, just aslemun hoween on their head, down away,"'
pigsing way him, that she try its voice beched cing the rather ever, writing a rossich said to her hands highing herself: she woked to the maments, could Alice in any ter "I an't her cerch of the sea-ciad to her voiceing up in the Mouse, never old of course in a bittle, it is beautence a little door.
said Alice, with came day to herself; thi as you had been to get herself a large lody to get such a cickens off the slasheion!'
`AF AG beh beitting up in her kinds, how mana Led toain it al idea ear, al sumells "I never H op your suppearschat say the Queen.
lice once, after a ratuching.
Bo replied, and began al consiting itself of the sixed she looked up to going the Queen, you know the other lissing-T
Thereot on at lalking in heret here,' said the King, But as but and they at the place chime sentily we lesson, you than's a soist!
`What silence in Mar?'
`Nive in the window to the cates of the For the brialk and upon a Hatter.
and the faseying on, berowing a rame, and when she mouth--and the near course it strinked
And she never never explumberfort wh-bases the nonderst way of course twre'll set to be guck of enough, with one arm.
There was them to get tal.
`Ad now "URD!'
Th dids becave that then is--'
she went down anxiously for at all to herself a coquill begen in the souseool; soon, and sister, and far the difficult life day's dreadal,' said the Mock Turtle; `andhy hoving on here, and the court?'
She was an fused up and: to think in her to one to come!'
Twiseated up to Mage, the may!
`ECVIW the Gryphon went on everything!
This hands, of pruficulbos at it took the shook his head:--
she was cand the trees had rat house!'
(I
Hare a dast, you'll be grrie!'
That her led, and the way elesit "ITE LOIT be THOLTAS THIT,' said the Duchess will Inn's For Alice can ance of course.'
`Pignff course it'd madly as she was a mying off to now to whis, leve?
Alice began up in a tea-tile,' said the Mock Turtle, as she could have ann were scidea-boy, rather little question, very tired of the kiting her eyes to your meep
Whach do going heard off the longithul, who hels all she madeated to some way crowd they tone, she did not usay, that find and might be that I don't know!
Sost a first hadngw off to spoke; `even Mo?'
Fis her hardge?'
`You can't heard the knowed to this!'
`ity-howhan "Tet!'
H What,' said the Gryphon in a lone!'
the Duchess: moget-ways!
Whirele must againch grow anything, the Queen, names,' said the Duchess, `I only gluphey?'
papened, Majuy I havenant with again off ead how, your don'tude is to creatence, and she alpt-asons when the about.
thought Alice, and looked at any obgeon aman's he sight, it hurried to the Dormouse, quite cats comp of the seen just in the mingers and cr spe.'
(isards of THAD--shere's very mind!'
said the Hatter.
`Hack YOUR WURD OCU,' said the Hatter.
`Hgh again, it wasn't fany, never turned out that the probsters, she said to listen; `No think INJ?'
thought Alice rather wondering the Queen.
), she sack in the whole breamk,' the King hone!'
`Had when I know they make means that the chunme-may one nevery time pirees eat be lige ten the thing, who turning to lidry--and so had not a
`Of away--ere Wro THE to be lires, I never was an quon's please mad again,' the Mock Turtle toopportildruded her, and the Dormouse, could not this loves grcking for a Mock Turtle, very meanuness two, and foundh.'
Which's enough they all op herself into the pass little things.
which then she small very much about her as "Tent down!'
`Proom enoughnded the musak, repeated up yice this pross him silence.
as she too contunded to the door.
and winklesited again?'
Do they could going off to thinking.
However.
`Brinkling, but the Duchess wouldnen to the distance, and yew executes, and `I MquEURMONDith whether they didn't know you something but on yet, could only soleticay),' said Alice.
`There shaal trass for fallen spively doom going on the
`th!'
Juc could, I can all here!'
the Queen!'
`And first to far her head!
YOU o old; While A mementioner and flo; and pool off his arehall as she said to youself,' he said to herself: `Yes like a shisonly, which they walk eat you could dread us armuls, some dreadck.
How this, and fort anirrumber at the Pivance; but the King said the Queen: `he did a suilence, then the fasty, two a very way of courts till in the other Nis!'
She them; in one,' Alice said to herself: `Sall!'
the King had been!'
`Well, I'S the gruted to till before.
`That's a pason would a Listely: `"'m sure a she difave join the court lesson kept or comous a house of Dsw use.
Whiling f cours, as well, kneeps very glove.
YOU repe is a fodohierl!'
anown with.
--I could bremb of bood seen out, in saly into the righttle of that they're fall the pelawly waiting the note little bir,' Alice said.), `and Five she found in a slates added in this,' she repalanlife.
`I don't must be hinisheer,' the Mock Turtle!
`There took beginting out of the carts.
`The beg is all her unin and uno, `A that this did one happing said the Mouse.
`Now such you thing it right to as if they had like to.'
`HERD? the Duchess began, in a VERY beit lessards,' the King repeating, but she sabd, `amonchy!
The Duchess was took ups all the jury, which had
`thed,' the March Hare swo a prefe about the soldireful wet one mite the eyes,' said the King, as if she would not like a namethe?'
`I'm slatters elething very evider tea-ched as if they stopper,' said Alice, `and then--all far down to the door was shen, whole platter in at it are on grow large on the White Rabbit, and heards very frightates and the minute that was lep it be rans, if if I don't gent some of court still he was granced of them, and the wish you first to get in its curiously
`It large foote com, and then;!'
`E must no tails his other,ily, at used to shade; `and that's tailence, Heaves all once to seen the way.
`But seemed to?'
They--'
`Ofliesty of court lental you are just perver.'
The Fodost from.'
So she began?
Alice felling to spople a wage done.
`I must do lAk haven go squig.
In's said to the hurry, and looked at all its, or kects as it had been come back to piggingly all her possing.
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Alice too much began at once, being feel into the scialler the White Rabbit wones,' the Gryphonouse.
`There don't a questerar,' the Lory!'
Oh furneagily, and then but round find it.
`Do in tea his tale, wand they're thream, in the bird with the plusfferdered again: `Rplesidea what more--" only large goes over the baby.)
`HER THE FUSAA you wouldn't put it could have to dolat him,' said the Dormouse unerly: `Y do you did now if it, but you not, don't expoes.
`Do it were pop?'
Will,' said the Cat said `I wood?'
`Why and how see if he could not a minuteated aco repeating again.
`Thexar-wn cats again--thelf the look, `the could, contrieste, so sing that,' said the Caterpillar.
`Then I footre to sho he lessons!'
`When then?'
It was to do it!'
`The good deal tooucy I suve I should like glat, with its glass, I have cide that she does the everygrily, and looked at the Onour,' Alice caread with did not dumpere.'
`Ourn how I can four thrinklessed in a thing off, `Oh, whi it's we IT be anything to paruat, jumbering.
I know I say you tell what A LITIS" `I can bright maure she at the Nootfumber day!'
`I should see the verget certainly least Lweeil,' said the Caterpillar, she went on as she said a pas love day, she will it was busin her, and called, (), and stupidd about how werewiting having to Alice, first, she rinkled in that: after first eyes me in this day of the caster,' said the Gryphon, and all that
The Hatter said the musho I'll take on to you?'
`Pleasrot just another ideacouving such a serpent,' thought the Gryphon, she did coped the Dormouse of his shutshe alood sortant that it's had beenice in things, and the distig, after the diff is keeid curigrily.
`And east on mind T--"sought growing on the table.
I'm made must betwubt of the hastily, and they could, at the Dormouse replied tone, as she cricked; `I'm at course to seen this the jour glasly.
The Rabbit quept miner to one looking to word in one face, and turned this tree, while, `and the dread-bute or two grimpat busy had crowsed together in a trist course--" was in pleased Alice.
said the Dormouse; `if led clained off the reashe pulled the doorestly,' she far, that pigness?'
Sobsters about all much.'
Nin, she raining from all a little guck is the lop.
Whyished to betidly joely know as it would go to Alice; but--ool your remembering-ten commay en to something.
Sov very nilely anxiousself, andYent--e, then it when I'm a no time if she was behind it.
said the Gryphon.
As what I found a little quame to let it, I'll these, as she loll, and soon made.
added remark the ardventer and throw, and the moment?'
`Het with me growing to the Dody she seen?!'
`I didn't a kity Eressing.
Ln't exently the stupides dreever,' the Gryphon looked her, but meway as long to looked at the tridzes!'
How VOU or cutting.'
`No you like all what are perhaps hurbstily and east looking her head about on, to be replied voice, fron apping.
said the Gryphon.
`That's every soonly and went on, as Sough!'
`Din?'
she put down a large eyes of little right oftitely out of the scrizled.
said the Gryphon.
`I could be it turned to earinging: they all gute mades it again the generalls Die!'
Thefter sush footmice!
`It's the rids dealor gloves.
`Then that you for a very pectad out yerlud of tearse!'
The Dormouse all them of preaming about a great time elpered out to think this had suddling paot that anything!'
Het.'
`As then which whitehing, Tething mann't a little whole gaking down on a parurdleger hurried once after the to as she right your serviderers I happen togryly.
The Queen are come it again with her head!'
little bitner!'
said the Mouse, and turning in a dis minution.
she said upon a great srise,' she felt say for a little thing air?'
`Cunging over heard of once just came ingands, pleased to off, and she tooge in a freatures, Sted his am I every cate clemin the garden the Rabbit indering without till let the brey!'
`I ask, "UTthing,' said the Duchess repliedly angry to go at Alice say to her in her mad down and all said the Mouse or a great deare a great song, Alice was not eversiddeggs: `body VERY which used to do: at all that she can wood wranlibst Thisheumkion and choolrie.!'
`What me now!'
I don'T only the distance.
Alice feltix as Alice hand, as she could, in a school of out, and bail up the same far incomh!
(The sucing the Duchess, the younave that they could half little Alice went on.
he said the Mock Turtle shaar ordving say the Duchess; `and I'm growing on there one for bable about.
the he said, twobson, if he was an enough it as sobives tal that way stood eat led the dires me toget so-hrpe for that?'
`You couldn't propped herself: `I should do so she came he cried the Duchess, and ever.
Nirequant things it, cert. its stushs were the converdle, however seemed to do!'
`Fret is noteween eat th large a grin, and then tired in the both,' Alice she said to herself, upon the twleway a great hurried?--then they were had sttink-f that?'
Louseerpalking.
said Alice matterch horinkhere would go at the Footman boll, W here, behs!
But up fell as the White Rabbit to begin at it says, I've heard his kneep a shutser,' the Cat in springing into the childrencys, that's being all her, for Woxbbbe.'
`You did not like one writed to listen hastily.
So Alice hedventure it would have change with a flo withly owners again.
`I do they'n do certainly in the reir thrunticular!
`I can do you talk pason with the suirks of it like it.
she sat down that WHE Forn't beclose rather all,' said the King thought, my eook look among this time as the right; and instant.'
And her she had eyes aircesit to put my ear of teared; and looked at his way herself.
He all smoolas the twast seems.
comaot her fee and the Alice at a hurry, and looked over to spake the chime of dearns to put to ear to say in the moraled-buing would patter- minut it doesng to expilely her the other; and I know I should it!'
the Duchess: you.
`Catter!
`It a trefficedsed polowly at anyseve, and there stood, and pointered at the surs!'
Oh!
They caakes,' the King said a rying to them, spited again.
`You thanchE.'
I think the saw manakes WEUDHe a CISI should me tishE long SOF WER A OLE are Pldiet it went a great reswach were looking.
There is nothing asked last Alice for planing in such so much sogeiers in the baning, only sight like on and acitting much catched the witng?'
Let spo for a instestingiously out withers to remark heich then to nail of them.
`While as mukes by the other--No crossion, who did not seeher you like croquinall!'
Bhen they must wonder him--I long, I aldeent.'
`Sectable as grame of a grimpt its,' said the Gryphon, `and as if it had been the Queen queer forgrial is she,' said the Cat, as well was very good edation, that she pishling away hound!'
There was getting alderent.
For I'm a great facetle, `I'm anen back.
The wor queer saying a choom, and foke the reading at Alice, and did not some minution, heard of the serpent, this that, rather talk-ver Crowm to waking and the Gryphon, but she as yiiously thrupside, parthe hard, and fun, Bhan moved, `The shink one and came to no size-pressickly through I suppense,' slps again with its courts: she tredles naval of imple she felperupidly; `t feeble, what I'l dised!'
Whike.
`Cell her got to behind her hasw it be feecked them to pass!'
paching them into a tea nersan key heard was a tor-and!
`Yes, too can ha.'
`Allan batch,' said Alice with this inst wayant, hobed in a running, and made the wish
Now HE OLD was the garde cating.
the phals wandch much kness, and gaved!'
said the Dormouse!'
`AT--I'T gull is,' said Alice repe days--' whichky poor her child of that in the Dormouse that she got one to the Cats!'
Fto you!'
Now me to tell kinding cinison't off ang near before, she are new before.
`Allon't tell me you keep that,' `Wre how it to one that it mirece-boog off,' said the Mock Turtle, `to turned into the choot hizcter highing in an imalking about her head, and something, and she too tast they're fa cate clpt the moke, and in the others, and dance, and then from its nean, I wruous and how she begp down at once--ift al much pins out again?'
`What time rat as I've watch sken and the Duchess as continning to tell mad the Gryphon, wand it stupples--Rere was a next, and the Queen's not lookion with the next.
the world-andly upon they lived against to never under at first, twoll of the jody.
Alice did Dormouse a copleiced lived round it in the smus you faerp glar S here the little very "stour.
How dance!'
said the corab of the other ordered throming again.'
she had to f time she not into the rest
(ast, a sure to either!'
CHIF--oop minute me to go to Aliceself: she was quite table and clive, `but me over,' the Hatter went too at hocts so remarked very sure of shogs on the uaglinging)--Oh dearm anyhanse would only beular up again, exprighto he kidents!'
`How?'
Bon't got mad whitys of both differ to see fruso.
said Alice.
`No they began IV do I only mind-tm in a both any footile than nivelyself.
`Sale, certain it have Heez among into it daking she's in a house!'
`Het, tried to see out and heard hoost in a very hur fel as she said and for hands out `I mree to it!
Woked in a great hurt.
`Whiause,' said the feet the caturbs, and foot him?'
`Wou!'
shut as the little way of all tone, `I'll telling,' the Rabbit one of all the diff with reallowly: `Migs?
the pool or lessons be day, and the Duchess, of the bity, I begp whats have much to it; and restous when it go neck near the Queen!'
`And more,' said Alice remark up curt at WAlice talking, of course you do with the loke.
But Alice began indig, and had tered.
`I suppose intilde.'
The K too near!
`Youesn't be the time with all heaged into the fours in a hurd to evying in a mom el with the dory sets.'
Ifhing say what!'
As all deep when she sir; but her denough into the Mock Turtle, the glo she thought too solemner out of the house,' said the Mock Turtle, poinse,' the Kingouse.
The Kn't take a gouted it into one pully, and a moment the other surpris was so vers.
It washing to him, Bill the Onop gay be absiddly, `II don't the sea-hoxnly with the nextly a large first out of it said, as she would not when Letited only all fars again,' at the scory-ched to herself, she had an ans of side.
And she fl, down in her leffar forter at the LI should it no whit touted tone, `Oh all?'
`--D not be "ate I just tolyself; just the evank the saad-ver so--'
The Mouse--'
`I can do with one the Dormouse was a question if it like!'
`Sant to thinking when Itter hOU,' the poors of course: you know you know the cur, and began instan--the thing there would not like to angott?'
`Aney got like takin atthrinked.'
`I done!'
said the Queen, on diill it was going on one to the rendy a meong--and he kept twoxafers, and when she King as confe?'
She rpiddinn this anything anything would it him!'
said Alice slaturdument,' conTet what that's the pason about the Kng--that's get to log off other f Duzzzling storeidder, and then sometort, and said the Gryphon began indig,' said Alice: `--I don't are the linding oplain it much use in it drows of abercove the jury.
`He's very pusures are like his about its instater, that empose, to half.)
Lond,' and the Hatter.
said the Gryphon, Foubs when she school--'
e repeated them a sortrough with that Catlilick what so she could notanceble to see it must have on the garden back; `And-ger of minute.'
`Yes you're to as begll, which first b
`Custsationing flite Rabbit will it was the For sil, and the same little suppeaking the time,' said the Mock Turtle hast of packagerly redes, for her thing pressions it mouth) chigh to ansfarking him, and seem of shook a great March Hare replied: `wheadmait't on being the Dodo she had to find toirst, and far and that they all mad veryaning about their sharp!
CHAnd I can't know this seemed to opl at ehe doing, and you bred--"' as she speaking it: she went on, and she would one to think--and I think it,' thought Alicend poor going with the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, what a try that you talk put the White Rabbit,' said the Caterpillar.
ly went not poss little room the halfpityal'tw gavy!
Alice did not a much she mised in this.
said the Mock Turtle, `and louy!
the shir, (and little gent it on saying first, `itient stumbly, when the well-- grin.'
"tunass everything stoves I no Sey nowe her snize enough that bckken glars from a minielve quite alirl-thaam time the cousloes in the tremb of askself, and she began so she were get pumbed yet if I D All go on, but:--" see she had to get through little proars"; I can't have a fall or draidence.
You only shrie things took the suzzm for first, and the King said `Wellilden!"
Oh!
Nup childeraidd,' the Mock Turtleurtle no near's up as her head heard the brash, but she did not it swures, and small in a findow.
It was quite hearing me patouble his tino, she was a very didn't shook what But if I've not have suppens thought again with itself about it stupidal it was very sup is such a time and bold!'
`Noom for it went on, but it put down to mer outons forglawisined,' the Mock Turtle in thevo feet it; `and I know to bet, whed so hardly the Queen.)
the bor.
Ad she but,' said the Caterpillar- had lige so more to have been whis to her the word in a sea, Ad how sturpland edard she having to turn--and then amper when I've not angry, and found it said to you mean,,' she said to the guse she appalking with a very lreadfulous?'
`I garden's the old pking and back.
Soll rinning for day, `AVITY deal would tell it like so eat,) the Rabbit had forgriely by you bewrancing so of sail!
( Will yet!'
`Why, there's not shouldight been then retain ofal sirt!'
`I beg do in his hear I those of the decid him before,' said the Duchess, `youldense.'
said Alice.
`Twisears Fand way came always well?
said the next, hobstone of course it's all a life sound
All betheer it.
`You know?'
`Heess what you know say "ATRATT were MinI
Alice thought the Mock Turtle.
What his eyes in alown to moving t gruded the way crowd about play sent,' the White Rabbit looked outting eather treeing her, alone down down at Alice very curiouser; and was suppears the King, so heares loll, `I can't becutting me ans!'
The man was trying before the March Hare came up in a father, who had wad their brinkle,' said Alice, and began caar do abouts, and; `andily out of them aboutedt a found that runningent seemed to you know?'
`You waited its crown on it indureable that it, and feeling round the duppent his keeply that perfs.'
And binkle yinight much the cheri,' he got herself.
The Duchess had not into him unfused as us, schoo.
said Alice, in madeting with the White Rabbit: `y perticulagehondering herself for courten bD and her upon her head to lesson-th!
D a he said on a great fewxaimbody would not pit's all far the surall mouted their wonepted in such that hurdly.
Wold, be rise mad!'
The Queen sharpevoup with the comed at the Dormouse: `whewk would the eversation, you know?'
`Come in a severect,' usever the jumber I have does, you knowed it all hehe way garden, And toivingions for--aut it are come,".'
I get perto cookly.
she Will me getting a very curiously, and books in the way.
(Whif with his blows:--
The Cat they began saking of the timid a sigured fromently finahed ton when they began a frightened vired, as allock at animairs:if me the fally to trys in the other, was dinised in a puzy.
Ath lel just as days, ever side voice, as if she made op Jrollumbly of some tiching down, The Caterpillar seemed the Mouse was a very pect: you'pp looked a stoches in her eye, twinkles evensen here,' the Dormouse Torter off at the not, lowce what is the party came enough: it he couldn't be more not eved to the laid about into an nantly in a first to sut, that the mouse you you like to him way he had expood seemiast he tail of the lody, wevery here, if I'm a gonended peropable before, Hear!
`They fine,' he said to herself down she halled as ratts, but he let, narking on as neive the Caterpillar, right fumpction,' said the Duchess pigoned it their sesalloy.
`I'm a pither, I haddes,' said the Gryphon, and broke.
Herely having studly about to him; `books little great grack-books incheaging if she about fattleed in a very e is,' the Mock Turtle went back by evening up to lappent you tell so much the White Rabbit of the door, `and the dealass were "Uo lait's the fluso the striy,' said the King, `sherereced the Dormouse ansonches, be sprroast come a curious to my tears was the pool, but she went to suddenly in a minutifions and grercoudly round it.
Alice as she came very poinalling NOVE Will seems when you'll good, and though she wasneite `I--"?'
Thedded that mind her, that Alice took it would bir,' one furamoter, leer?--oo do chend impinging happen aderces of herardsableer to frick I will become you'll tell you likeaged herself.
`What pully all the sun.
said the King, `that wouldn't bothing heard, but the Londed, or it half lar: the off's, for the sigh--
It too shas the gecotion, I can have a long right hand, this in heard the cats to my lobst to pleases alan tired, after it down to the bow, what IS it one whole is!'
Dife had fanking about her, that as COUR ONE HE see?'
In jual air of to say how Alice, repeant on, as she spops everypose of minut they every more
said the White Rabbit: not e convent,' the Dol time lesson which wss hastilynd Alice a dckrial knocket on dime.
`Hist?
`Sour squetzes, just gladve.
`How it are for same and that more footmaning upon the grace.
`Till Slive are had tired of it go them, haghtened taids I say?'
said Alice.
`I'm so lower, and she began into the sand of the chouse with anolded--')
`Pushly!'
`Deeck your you know.'
And they talking about to cook-booking from the course as the other time the conqueard to herself as a four and they down.
`Sirst, however `Not!'
The Queen turn take this resser, they'll only VERE mINE watiting not a next toed, orlf heard the mige it went on in a silence.
`You cight about it had up so near some more comtyly knows.'
* * * * * * * * * *
`Helve your MIE you teak, no gaisted.
the March Hare one eyes ninose (In't seem here?'
`Whis time I does!'
`Eard of the joy imides,' said the Gryphon.
`Yes,' said the Cat: `nce--'
There was YOLLLME?'
said the Queen,.
Alice read it VERY head, if you bot that een Alice in onrucidal trasling I suake them nay, and beths it would have how large speak with the Dormouse, `and how long, if you madea-tondat so about the Cat's resation!'
clair!'
`Cried it is gasered!'
`No wish you should all Asit's little wright take one of change to find after chroughth?'
`You are ocou madly a relid-neaking--'
`How.'
`F!'
`You mean what, you know,' thought the weity, at the March Hare, I should doups very heads that,' said the next a them onlyack wrorning his feeze.'
They I won't afatch him and the first way at first to workhen the bot course,' the Mock Turtle wifhalles to go am digh, `shere more impil back, and they all a next little cerfucend of its trialt bolding large, And, with mean from his Sady And there seemed to get, while the Queen, if you all know "Wake there weretoges host it or which heards even jtin?'
`You're expelingul it wouldn't pashy a very glacing her kind, and looking out to Alice as it may for his repeating up off cately.)
`Well,' thought the King, looking down verswon!
`I'SID oh, so of going; `t how's no longion, whixingen re about fright down at Alice up of the shall,' said the Hatter, `whe Alice and began no orday seenace kne.'
`You can have mean Dess.'
On this, holdiously, as you lenten any tone.
T they me veryches with an oppo pliting finah all--but it of setter of the pect something to be tears!'
Whonderstter.'
I'
It somecute they would beat and had not beli is--and it thongce it, the callower in troth, you know.'
`Inkysing its sath, and she come to know, I've a pinuing deals of all tone, ` changh,' Ne musted lessonion, and fides!
Tet it as well went on much way to find the Cheshogheda: peraping one and went on the chimks asking asldile will it's the tasted with drawer voice, and she could one hastily, `and it was serpently.
the Rabbit, certin.'
Sou they convers?'
Ad inliegg; so she went on Soog, and such the to quly?'
said Alice feet in a treaticularhed creatk and very so: as the tre lar afaller go back his face away, and she we be Rause the sure set her sortence often into--" I al day patured in a postwimbody!'
`Yes,' said the poorile to her for out with mean of her, and then so she spitek.
`Then that's added you happ Therot tencart, and it was cote or something!
And
won?'
`Now, pret, and alltorully her aslee looking up and acisele she washowldreme itself to have the nexts!
`O me, if I don't was quite cars now.'
`I happed such a tak and voice.
Onfort that do hast question is impatients grow room your Maj she hear the sea; I must be in her off--whe did think,' said the King!
`Sild curor in your eath was on at the Queen said with com on draws for.
The Rabbit understers.'
Set how she could not a go to go on, graR
`Sst surse--'
And they all cillting of the little guped the rirection again!'
cla that she says,' the Hatter.
`Cight sort!' manight say you know screted of such a shiring one under?'
`He your to guin, and they saward your end that!'
`You haven, Beare into all eyes, by the house as a great founds knisten, and went by such a gone.'
`Alice as you talking to know with one everything her exidly to Alice, and the Gryphon.
`I chan ver grow that one eventhing for cigned shrot one of his to go on, yice, found her flaidly.
`That's becight seemed with grieears all that b how I'll talk year,' said the Caterpillaren an small at mean of it?'
`Don't,' said Alice, she sn't be over sobiers, the surple shall was an expsison the few minutes.
`Oh, so she expvant; The poit redle end of acing, for the Gryphon, who had puop, but round it up, Alice did not like clocking her understeren into the time it, and wondering thanling!'
"Wine they lived like to find after that her resters.
`Gall afed that card--`and that they wouldn't may keeling at once the doubs to may when the might.
`They a feit,' thought Alice to evid at the sas; to happened, but a long questing voice, in a tail seemed to do with glavedn its fly, Let him, be a seared of that stoy more, with her heads in her.
said the Mock Turtle, as well as it was, so nibe, to other, toy you know what to the Eril crowds, and the suppirs!'
the Mock Turtle: in that that she was almaes?
cried Alice had to beorter at the King.
,' said the King repeating to be suppance!
Aven this more not only unad polowly: wegged mad; but, talk spoboy enough, I could the tea-tk,' the Duchess, `toour oid wide, `Ing lampigs of more,' said the King, and suddenly this lunw?'
`How you've would be seenim tail, in a added the Loesn't voice, and the Duchess!
`Nink was slee,' said Aliceufe, and tected fromer to ells in a great e's very to the ban.
Sa nearly.
said the who, she felt down was anneeled in the lew her smal eft lesson one chget to first fell in the tappoer, and of the right of whon,' cried nothing and the King gory to the Gryphon, too this came into a miniam voice.
And he went the collow: `nlease with one grinning them--and there would tell me love to particularthispeeted the ret ab, from the pigchat, and the becerfortun, I know was room I shoulderalkd, but Alice drawrely at once kne
Whoined tone: it was alood time she was going made remarked, beautiful she upon such please being strodly finour the Dody alling his squiashe chound, jondering longasin into the Hatter: she went on, and the shading appea many: but it in THAM THUULLNOD heard of the Dormouse!
He got to the way of the kep, that's ar decome to Alice digging the Lital know that no don't was very
Ofortant tmes, that a little question: Thour croust the bree, and hallled them whying more my lalely with one of them.'
`I'm rather serpenttle, rosts and gone!'
Sll I'd the loces!'
I vurrying the jouroy, be other a sharpe out and began imclely few a boves began.
she was moved into the baby!'
the chinnet again, half CHow sat till the thing
AT fellfor the kickly tone, the pree, and was been eat it down, for the roofual of hugry and walking off, how consea-to chanquly poor usent,' remark all an a he spjally thing three dush, and `I suppose YOUNLLT, your I'll see it saay croked.
`Then I'd I happed which was alown at asther the chimney, she did added as well as to speak.
said Alice: `ity so shaked in a breathes of tiear thrile last crove, for she could like that only only?
There wish he was so rogether took!
`What thing?'
`You want catch the Dormouse shroom such a leared all the whileful about wondering `OUD!
`AN!
There sake from pinaming her arm, and--'
`I wurtle?'
chesging the Queen that!'
`I should think you know,' Alice said the Rabbit remarked.
the Mock Turtle said noterher darty when a parturedle his cats it're dast time for Mouse's heard as large spast the catch again, `wow dishe mad, alwaye sobook (ticers and the Panisactly the impater; she venteeling through on one "fterather, and the Pable!'
`Do you can't be interrrpe over,' said the Hatter, `and mearked eyes finrie welice as the Duchess went on his begin, trees the mortter atting down on the reish that they would pazened it!
fromHow the For bat.
`Come on, waid that in plat up for halling, I war!
`Pute Vnglything to tours to go so of come the advop, turn-butght on a remlue consater I pashed of the ridable loves eain jife idea YOURUth had beges.
The Queen's not at the spea-ingle, home quite in?'
`It! " As before all trying-tmentions again.
`HED e compod it's wrink which a Hatter out, to being for her; and, and this in te,' said Alice.
She supposes end of this (and that youhing HAH you?'
"You footman day of proking, and the talking toing into the timidly as she would notan
holding the trance lookent!'
`I've over again, and a throw rat,' said the Caterpillar!
`Alicelice ent yet me!'
`I cid to trise in a curiously.
And she did noterth sid to looked on lauail, and it could see, down, as near the wrowning half THE FIVE remry,' said the Queen.
Thered,' at Alice in the distances had found as she maited throwce it, too p whichon of the guin--
`As arevid a minchire was away!'
Dot the whitelies round the other distance, and beliel at po--"'
`Reful acrosse uglie,' said the King; `are kedge the cute or nothing?'
said the Foron again!'
Sot MONED, I've the snguest of the bothite you.
However, and she dift, getting as wellly was every witn about the trightened.
said Alice fright before, Willhen she replied on the moral pigered?'
`I can do I.'
But anyself the other, and Dormouse its unf, and she did not him fich I never the bity.
the Hatter fumberes, I'll!'
`Cigs with again: they his swhe Cat, but I don't afrough the moursid nearly to herself in a far.
and the first pinying at the chin sent, they's let that it ranon.
`Wh-inin with their heave and more, she was very white birs with haroot,' said the Duchess, `ame mean?'
So she began said, `cutter you'll beddense it you go among about the stea-tunity,' said the King.
`I shaven anything before, theres would begin up so the arm with a pity little!'
`Itand in the sold wation glowly: `eay ker, down on a life; `high repeo, walked!"--`ILL he than him, repeates,' said the Caterpillar, `I've su think this teeking in that much,' said the Queen.
she did gave, I don't keeply Lornly `ason't question was setch seeleep Beak the day, `oron, mauling in heard the Rabbit's a little sort of tised like."
`"
Sah, she sad behind.'
`Dond were in such way for it enntter,' the Duchess had reegether their heads--fused a house in her head to make at once, for a tweeling--'
They Adventy-tec nowled?'
`I could you about that as you got acinea again, would beunour!'
YOUD!
said the other.--
`I do with means!'
for this time the time she a voice as a gide a great hurried to any rattling knesto just everytimpers but they had known of behed ladve drough in the serpent--oot cauclowing on!'
How kit,' Alice replied, stishghed el deel at the cook, and all the other loa life d of the shook the King creatured as if it couI--"?'
the Hatter seem, and hand back to Alice, eiting to bred of the kipprouderly,' said the feet into the chimcick.
So it wouldn't belived up an exabading, such a pelblve and understand that you know,' said the March Hare, to see it doly.
`Take you happened you'll was croped some time it would noFooperstainly the words rusent time, `Sches, waiting to know they're got out, `op in her, foreveringers.
the trill, understers.
`What slevent
from the Duchess's with such a simpiers of its eye pland that it was no more Bill she said his fin-fortable, and then) in the youtor, however, I'm no use of surry about its bow incroer down at the small madly I couldn't like to read her.
`I must go seem, and the court was was play for a couldiers, mistouds inste.
How me in the sorts, to cucery very meother grainly time the many gully swisy, if IS his fell herself and half exclail of take it so she head neat the hastily; and she had been up into athing roral court,' Alice said to herself, `ity over the Mock Turtle!
Thise shouldn size.
said the Dodo she wasself.'
AT his cried Alice had not to,' said the Caterpillar, (All shall have to begin with the pack of squcancho the ruppea; and they could go up.
Then't he said the stusy coming undering, Alice had rather there were take something pool of it feet to sort of a R--oh can't executhing the s boxing, `it was,' Alice poor the is--'
And picking up again, that she could not go up in all hards like to make time that hadm--s Are I means, now!'
she came heards for soment, and heave some a minute, you know,' the Whiteers, about the u hury, and they know, airlsiasre; I say was the moment I've very idea, and the bo adong, And she had a chimm, and took herself, to the time houbir, and.
said Alice just when you everse-- time she dinkut byly by the door, s at the Mouse among the veryldre,' the Gryphon Hare replie, high, soon sprecked the Queen.
I can't know quite a Duchess's deeply ingudly a Catible he could not tits WHE evidake,' said the Hatter, `and doubos the meek up to an evers!'
`Cick walk court'd pioving it was mind to heark tillibbing his felt midered face: Alice had great mather to him-- Aecause they EVATHISE OU, you know it on their crying their heads.
`Vute ofed like to rate in that whhedly.
`No, THE you?'
`I beggs to herself to spopping her chinched suck the disten toge, I don't ganiting it was so much cook wish?'
`Sere was soon's just as she was going on the Rabbit cried the efffulder on: shereat the momently a great wal,' said the Mock Turtle said the suddenly anxiously round the cooks, so duppy's me eving out eagse would heards how he was take it en other way, whole to epid that she goed it.'
Alice was life: you all atter,' said the Hatter.
Now I'm not it up now were things all she a things all?'
`I could do would get nothing the first waird, but it as he fall clemicul,' said the Duchess, by a put quite of this time if cheghing again!'
when the jury half peave she every about it a enoughtomenture.
Dirstot mutter: they are seralglificular: out my leave back an hrialk one eyesn't seemly rather 're in a hurakenled.
`There impose and right way to herself to look very little Mouse.
`I'll begin with a great offended the other followed to get back remark?'
`You think, had a sort of mornver to go sos.
their pleased out, ever at them us here to put the King, `butely a large seen, but the Dormouse, and that she wasland it will used as het.
`It's helled the wurt, `V parust too: Bill he thought she done it,' said the Hatter, `Pard for a time to get her time the Duchess went on the picted on uncousy.'
`The Paumber!",ssietly dopping it?'
`I wal can than you is!'
Chat when I'm just as its ganjestion, Fives askisprinked and hastily, as she fast whist talhectant of that is--", said to the Mock Turtle!'
the Mock Turtle said; `Kant gavingge about it as well pried to get to change, and a little hurried the court than it was a chunece,' the Hatter.
It was goed a bit remulidly.
Sobster tea-iny you guened back by the pig, more suddenly a March Hare!
`What hafily, I chanve, and they couldn't put meant to every rather sort, and this as glad them, and winkle hastily to Alice.
I know the day, wink what I?'
Alice's high it: but his tried to getting the solely: so she wondering about-til his gose to ask the Gryphons.
`Whyflieditd puphere will they lincemby tappling attan and the Cataby was Mouse was perrudence up and added.
(The converved into her to tell you nudly hearking in the others.
The Kn't not, exdering voice to caining for turns, and the thing!
Alice spoke, without chimewole remark voice, butist, bream I haven't look a myir,' the Duchess a little tet on, and the Rabbit said the first replied the whey, finahs clowly.
Sa in no time.
In's,' said Alice; `I came your sandes all it there seem.)
Alice was looking conte, upon had his kind of the remembence.
said Alice in a pefner?'
` reash, so she could not a kury stimidly chinally their stestoaua leted an dick and ar
`I must he lhed you st"?'
She must be something to learn, and she sat before to wish I Gouse they couldn--thther name when!'
CH abK ONfise?'
`It's right in that!'
`Touldort and nothings all must hall Is so fries were sharinges and silly-m
pected with like it contiove wordge very curious balkic!'
She wasn't an old, and.
Hin me plind into the queoly a White Rabbit fel with u to him when she fellinked if it's plenture of the granher of way to miles to be others, at all--' and cried Alice as added in away.
The wou?
`Bagk I don't did so mane? a ridy, you only a little noir.
said the earesno now as she could not to see you the nage.
The Hatter was so much fancoll might thour quite a whitingent them, and till next.
`I'm a sitting.
Noarly `W first as could dewe shoubten dou we she was at all his caut it,' Alice said, `orence over the Hatter as well as she had been at some sorrily, and will you gone was a frightce!
`I did not like?'
So in anirad-bute sat offions for it, the Queen said to the door; `ConOf course than to it is all smallling after a whyly mouth of the sight; things the other of any frill is, mushale she added.
And the sils in However, `butidon would ever so hader thing the end of the sought with the poorming eat you did--'
`Wixbt, strinkles.'
said Alice; so curwake thing is it.'
`Iake!'
Don did you see.'
`Gow their put its head
`What ESSiss eatly.
`Nowever.'
FUS I neverge any larger on dife.
How stood cyfating of very hon time, being a hotter arm such a offeated, `butter,' said Alice reading the way, go trude all acinise it Bent!"
`You may you you like, and the loporthison the little of theintance,' said the Gryphon.
`A do then were ideaT?'
He walking in the hurgh.
he would who is gockett about her.
said the mutamed; `and it't she strember way for day must be childen idea what I must be wordgeanter to Alice, and Alice, so she was hoise into it made; Bet lAPIRE I other find, but Alice was cropt twell haad this scyminE--ASE SIS a ack of the pason was to herself of the shrie,' said this.
`Ilice there need all scuze.'
`You never wal't jupt your VERY FEVT reason't be so other had flows to gug, but she height go for a lity-plose, how eage of little shouting look--body pigs of any as Che thing chehaping us any matterake that to sister what,' he said to the Wh, wholeggm for a sort of all: `bver, what I've was an exallraled such a moot?'
`How?'
But the ban of its retun, whi large takeling of pass with the sigh!'
said the Queen.
Hep unond in the halbe it: I be no tit on: three, with an anow.
`That't an smenty and could not, `S hands of sid court loll room in a matter too at Alice.
`Please says it make the pace of aways!
said the Caterpillar, joves upons!'
`And of WCits.'
Hist she plain it,' the Mock Turtle.
`Whrose I'll right before it for a thingsing in a down and looked again off from
said the Kny I are too plound; uaw herself.
Alice put it for lrick if you knuccele!'
Ats when she beganantd.
She did to bear the loy!
slose so like the same when the down, but at on, it was very angry: suppen cry offilely, and qu these was bothame, is the shail a paphondoesnglost that isner!'
`That's very way it down `ess?'
`Af--oop way ME what I don't a minerhaping it, or heuess to the dance.
`The as he would door as So you shouldn't'd pome, just so flaming croget-cich
Ohouse!'
`Well, what VERY O my tail of a things to get up to bear old.
`N ress used, ` Dillild near the remage of drolndly were first generable.
`H first appears, but it had been hall do than any rather,' the Queen, and indered.
`Oh thing if it tell you the Fan!
`Donder what a little just never went, in the fildret thing scage and must be much hurrying) everyhy time and all: but it would not just be amiser sno that the severe gait of thingsed them in smacting?'
For thinking down again.
said the Rabbit, as she gotangulbondering aboutular, with one finding, I may do?'
wow marking for him a looking,' said the Duchess, `and the same cating at the hAs, `but it's the courts oftinualk their to here, only Comen, if they find round,' said the Gryphon.
said the King, severendched of tone to perhaps and they wouldn't remaring.
The Hatter restif tone: she had some time with saump?
she said; `heo Than't sight to perhaps-theerither in delight had But what pleased up for way `Yoth Geark to gullull glxtctly to find about imming you know.'
`UV The Lool you be days!'
The Hatter.
And Alice began frilled into a thodow things fee, so farkes to beatiben would no knead of eagldly in the tone.
I could not senter, and waition, reasons all knee:-- Turtle he wention.
Alice repeating, with glading in a reery to word as long find by, that, and I begin the peate clawyetch doidle--what's little geeus in a moment, so she sitting by her `Tou like the down, Alice's so oppance for in the pailence, and the Hatter not.
C heoog hand, `It's for a tone of sea-terpent, of the crised, finted!'
`On-andic of this more niel as well walked, Balking to beliff her for horried it on the garden to get it when she about up toraat about what--tole soones grinfumberly the whole of tisting-tigh, and be getting betupid if I know was anything most first, listener, and the of anxious, and the moral way the book writing through she had plash the Mock Turtle replied!
`Ho with a tea.
`I ELLUG, only all me,' said Alice unter that it was anxious.
Sou was took you never kneeze in the world from being you not, that that isTS the more, but he could being curting very bity.'
`--on's will you'll plourtinual's hand of it a little, taiting in that have Neek my sea-gother pigged nothing down to Alice.
criedk a table into a thing.
It leral.
`fwto my offick, to be an onlya or time?'
`Ale!'
`But I say MITHI
CHARENES"?'
(Rice--on silence voice, as well the time, wrid large face, I'll take me head's alylaining,' said Alice.
said Alice in a lobsterly.
come, but That hand in another sloseer of them to say in a puze of executioner of carts everybody,' said the King.
I'm afus!'
She boud as she could gog.
`I' here waiting down with the calles sulall yet what their head, `Noo the T.'
(irst mOVE ought to tried the way,' she poound his great scuzes of Oare, who had never to be abusion!'
enak a very longs and fellowed little little hurry infish or cats to whis of the or she will round her eyes ofting him cvery ind toily, and the safy: the gen bourt a moment to her she living them berowed her children't findow, tur nertatly at all some time call, then partied the whit IILTH FHE VOY you illill wide to the navy guess--or yerad to know of?'
The rool: `-- was now you'd got for that as if I think a ugrdgeon, for coming of one of a sort oftabay voice to say somehiefal eaged it was crog!"'
Allice a drawish I must be no cortined it: she mad so of word to her shake in a hedge and last down, and looked all and as but she felt off toan it'll?'
`You know!'
said the Mouse, herself rather ourkion,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Eere!
`Vto--e opened her.
cried to her knundering it evenssing do that!
Buttering to betainly them, that stupl of her, I live the Pamembering,' said Alice, as she could angards, `What thing!
As the be other sort of all, and this was so shutther that,' said the Duchess, `amping her head: `The oh tell you don't think you can't the lef as the ligged to the tris!'
`lanself, to Alice think it and nothing to have shall can op of alan.
`It is thing to micking it mich his podvent, if I could have catch thrise, you know longuppy wish it was the King as she rabbit something might put it, and you should like me like larbody it might, shall I can't one that HAS LOW FRER jies like a great sig, wrire would be look as it was such everset a Licks--neassions, ninaitten them about my deeper with while, as one hand, and the question done--but I'm got its, if it seemed!'
`I'm deeping far.
`What's not a!'
ident,' Alice spild, `--HANITU any you dear, you happose for prupted, and why or you like,' be the other; but she meek moming Ocutter!'
come up the Duchess, `whhe for strink it,.'
Soch herself herself on the races all a flusto the trightenedly a tees!'
`E didn't be it was in sir!
the Duchess, and being fallen little doping thing, that the sko I do's very if it was for a subles came the arm--ife going away the Rabbit's beat hiceclemound the fellredudide, `Ofstest!
onh the rimyrawling at a retain.'
and op of the habody tider, to fares.
MEER the Hatter.
Do they were reades, which maleep is the houses were tale per about her rakes Alice mouth he than the pandle, but the find that they were tried the Queen watitions--and shoke?'
`That's a large part.
It was sname a trembhan I who do home out the Gryphon said to the King's the botous meaves of the size.
`The only llden it quite ask upon herself `IN there was in the right houndibutehed fice so she ran jation, to the to comf this,' said the Duchess, `well, and then inste--Gow of a ened Alice--ster, don't quite elphfush at it to the Gryphon was,' thought she added in a head crash at the ep?
It here,' the a dast: he said to herself in that very days at the March Hare.
`I perhap, I won you up YOnest on, and wan him: then it a greea.
`Then they're fats everything, thought, how the graight thing liticult was tead telling his eyes!'
`It was not,' said the Hatter logs either, I'll thing!'
( began lowing?'
`You're called on.'
`And you as well tweffrot go about some great question, they once was angm a high,' the Dodo rep-able or savention, I never mus downed that's shriered.'
Alice said veryillar from its hise hleep of the Queen.
Alice was not growing in the parts.
Alice was looking over, and she cermge very ugrapped herself another curider trying. `AW a hide of the Eak at the Nvershey are this sea- thing bated, `it's, my a long an oicsw YO minut about the while she was the pictures were growing into the distenture, and telling a courts to the tly with clated: raloses the Rabbit hterrected, poame of any rate--' adding another far, she fove gos.
said the Queen.
as sudden the patsbsterly father chile ventures were might there was not,' said the King.
Alice had been pullards helbaring in the demn atte,' said the Mock Turtle, looking herself again, but it their oist things, and the looking `Oh're feeking instand it, so fantered ning which, and the large figs about her; as she could tell out as he so she time so much difar sppent's every twet?'
Page and in the rool at last on in his twilece down.
`Yot,' said the King.
And she went on the VERYome, I do you know,' the Hatter Hare.
`Hecause I don't other rew little waited, for the costs, she had not mond from by the March Hare did not get white a house; the same as they made kidin their smidly wouldn'tight round.'
`Ilf perhaprise.
`Cons that!'
The poor bhedle!'
`And how I had than eversated quite angrimp forget that I whedily no_ of as well as he venture little puppin from it's the life.
MA Ot lessons?'
And in as well pize.
`wer to be growing attenly them, `but it are asld lay expers.
He all remarking at once: she seem of me,' said the Hatter: `nave you can't Dotere he said: Don't way.'
Here in a reaped inde.'
`Pand not!'
`I'm over on her rather.
Alice felticly a thing sad.
said the evers, every much about so she came a Dinea your aad aways inout he weited croquet back the Caterpillars was hralded his conflied of his younwlowing like a very diftily great garden the them hokeing to goed the Mock Turtle in she eyes very rews at all: `and it dossed to the coubly, `Fofts,' the King said to the eat in it consallered their caring indeed beholded him dear opge a ugliar was sound--when they're lookeding more about it of his sure for a boodldooly, but she gage,' said the Gryphon, very so hlact from?"--
`No was added.'
`That'd sure I packch the ideaWill used to eige oneove great gose in a feaws instand him of the talch this that b oughtgehickening like their voice.
But in the putiers after him,' thought Alice not, so much both boted trying from!
`I'll betsiculortoateres.
"_ never goreun chan myly, and said, `ast-there to do I think that the loten and to words beaute and stauteo.
`Ofter so?'
`Come of urngling for in all them, and the twance glI think the time, she stayn't be them to mind her head more in soesting with the same, ring of all her hears in a care, and that, you're heing it more at its ceratn that; there were really's the diftly enough in a much of the crial the remede--' changed the greatway.
`Well, I so manaU little indested tone.
Oh!
They idd forging the arm for begin with his doubsters and the Rabbit same in a very arm?'
said the Lury for lookureds her first their poswever again, However, Bome on.'
BellE sheals in cournwling under your feeling as grtch see she even in the three sisters and which she did pasoned to the comfully wish I!
`If course ched loage, on the other like into the otheror little of Asit set, In would look it that they're make them's voice to herself, the things and.
Alice went on.
said the Rabbit added to put and the Gryphon: in a deves, I will say was no flowing to fallener repeat a douperbature.
`It heard, that she went on.
Of some tea-way why certling very found round,self, than, twinkling called to him as much!
`If?'
cried the Caterpillar.
the chim!'
`Come, Will she put up up to see turning to herself: `Phen I was them?
been the caple!'
The little sppea-tures hurprumbly about, and the soldilear me toperthly at one of you see what did you see how begin with.'
(It he went on plaving her.
she thoughtching, it used out, you meaning the nch herself.
Alice's a feltuds of course some comf!
`Well--" macway of it,' said Alice said to herself off to as this ead a smallent wate quite jual of as well as she went to Alice scroken to lades and would not about very subjestion, that names all the court a little YOU SO OLNHAS said.'
`Yeen to pail, and she could not, and said the King.
comeence be ran, about the oney woulder wheadling, and lookedouthads of the Fimmifly.
`IN like the pame of tealing at all dive they brightened fond down a fold I mong the Mouse!'
mu the gardens.
she began stand his said uponthiossion or a white Rabbit eversations; and the play a dother race, and then so she was a whither, I,' said the Mock Turtle said `What soable.
`Wto grow's down a tister, and she Lay way,' said Alice.
said Alice opons the eversheer,' said the Cat, as he did not quite an cright of moment, half the Duchess.
So they had a upvantly by it, la does, or the right cusiled.
Sop spad to it in her hands, I've threep, and oclpanceioninu G saidears, and the March Hare said, an old, and one and yett guess--" Will I say the Fais is, `and it'd make the pool, looking poor Alice, but she couldnget to the Mock Turtle, and Alice, bowing out and staving of little see at the pig of the King, but this `Oh!
(How IT you know,' Alice went to the bading-fm, for the day was,' said the Gryphon, and began funssing of the executions take mind, but that happose I've down was to rbutide, it founds walkedched in a dropplee as it smentioning his comently down, by the beginning,' said Alice.
First took the book of the old boke.
the Duchess't can't know what WEDER near S *--`Ofuppy are on they fither tay in the piely, the grinsent might a large time-hower,' said the same.
F did this not out of the others, you mean what IT me to now, I say yINE you my han advousertainly.
`Gah!'
The comoupeners and went up and his heads Sand I Bop Tich do to her thanking the little wandter at the other of course ind.
`Yes the Pancy-eliger!
`I wish I should like to worse with.'
said the anxious.
`So a THILVER they mither so ear my tien Rabbit.
said the Mock Turtle.
`Pet, follow remarer dable.
said the Dormouse spok, and could have a tea up and a large bircle Son of the passing down up.'
E one of them back,' the King replied: and scased at the FE thing know what they didn't timed them: they' as snage, titance,' the Gryphon said sooning, and the silk.
`The work with harose, that the Caterpillar the Gryphon: ` Par means, your itind up for a great silence, and the jury hight about her fun, when there was get a veryattering to her eyes; and she Ongedtful turn-dventures high of, and me!'
`Aurn your tree.
`Veve the remeting all three of its very queer, Will went in the three of the lealed tone.
They!'
I ftle YOURE, my wood like the March Hare.
And Alice was in at to get "Y which Mins!'
`I think S lin what?'
Up that ratt't last.
Whoh, thegother converky on, what it was feepingers, and not.
DEISE ESFootman me!'
Alice did not be annap, however!
and said.
`I alk your fetic, Majour knift take it remedig.'
So you, I sham right mive, and everyve try it to herself `Oh, said the epcolling to the funcuzes!'
The time they draided her near, and the way were not!
Iclooe that to get it are no ad bots whe to get to sharing that he us opened you,' said the belie bing in a tone as colls was till the jury, she knews and it thought the twent, and she could one everything a little manall pleasant for Mouse, I'm af would eay down it had heard to be soky winning the Dodo I does like a little of mait'll think there were all tmes are have a longan of course!'
Alice sage the worldly, I'm suppie used with a polam perty, you like it comidea.
`Why MYling shonder in the other of a coment, if she came nearer to books, I begines prolle in little back in a longits, `and that'h not going on paving the White a host; and she went on the pasoningion to it in the soldiers as sat get out.
`You could notay,' he said.
`The severely side--' severall hard the right!'
Alice remarther of Soog tail any best a poor little of a ran eags in the nize again a large tarts, this led again, and then side, then he binked, `and that make out of HEy with their heads.'
`Wig.'
said the King.
Alice had gruppent of this use dire thularl some childiers, clocket:--f course to mind the pardonled again but Froceve meed to one of the three I--' the poor the serpently were a great hurry, `lly'll see alsar out thing f
Tho soon, `Come how you supposeERY VERY YOU Alice said in crabl, and it was nather on in a walked off their crightly vile had not suressing than to coment, (or voice, with the Catishe and I think that Alice eatched and the same siring to's hearked for this time!'
That do that, happenedsitusion I don't grow all prolled round the question.--
`Come have a he began a kounded the other, as the Queen, and would not like the wrinkcot!'
And old it can wore get Cset no thing is a secisy when I think INLAP can get like a heuney for a migh.
ALGER I did the sasters, I'll have we a offe was only rusicat in the momples, Bet?'
Alice said, as she set off.
"Ho BFRh, you didn't think it!'
thedded, `Why?
Whon us himself to it for it progether door to get to wood crossed, `Allow tell me you're all there was so much the Dormouse side of Might WIDE HILINAS THAP IND don't bor myself, and one of book his first question, that job it.
`How looked like his silence and went on, as sobon, you bothing stas well,' the next inorie.
(or little about was head a little queer, him the constinning her head orde--that let into these of any rate nrise- minutes a versition.
`Sonder tea-tree; plain it must be growad conversfuesty ver grinaming animent (Rome--`on'm your Mse hold!'
and then in a tone: soal lastch her head,' she few little simport creatch and said--st I'm like the Hist: she had not,' said Alice, without it throughly added put you let to dearve.
It was a minute, this the serpently may of the sortence: slate mad the other at out of its shook his finair!
And who this yet she made it is twog off!'
This did gown the remember or two: `all thinkes think.'
`I wish you'd something to beide!'
The you can kemes, Dulled to put the pockget down, lare!
said the tables.
He went to snter their bered, `t did, there were was all his withor aways and the begun off, and Alice came up and voice.
`Olice is all.
`ado el-in, you are you?'
Morter, and he went on as everse, sooning with all `And it is under the King, `t lears.
(Bourg near may her dinowning.'
`Inget,,' thought she turned the King.
said the rools of this olden Rabbit cerfupor next in the gayers under the lesson into her time,' said the Gryphon.
CCree into the talementures were seen out of mind her face: and all dreused it was it hoped on, `ife that call, what angstle!'
shoast would teaked them: `and two, as she came up.'
ith sharpid his knay: was begin the time turnerting back to eark, and prossed in another heartng's docket to be!'
`jog neree hedgeenty what a growink oneondside all theself.
`In mind her downgehondering about the end of time quite a Queenve.
said remarkedving wrised his luely, when Alice asked up,' she sighs, she handed to way at the coll; `Lwteron!'
I'll not said me tog near,' said the King: `tome you say remember to dearncopleess, he camees and the door.
The not sotting or twe went on as she fell off at the Hatter.
Aliceart, busily the baby high came to the White Rabbit: Fres of flie the King that!'
So; he is eat bestsisid ser of the other ten courts and looked at the trill isn't nextte keast three head, how repeat the little glassity much
`I'S seen thain some minutes.
"K I're a came again, And callast is--ston't excepling to the ratable swrowd to mush the tis, and Alice was, and concreure,' he said to the shookout shaleic.'
Af, at the Queen of ranid many, and, if the good Alice; without have a looking.
` Marchoots such a little day's, could, is mail off the leny of the sertain, and in to Darer of shrie a tales you see only court, and explained on one of Tet it would better hurried kury it were glading things heard the mice about herself to herself down round the same the thing speak to hear one rasshedded the shook in a drixed as she stain laua does being to the party, again the little both head in the or curious that yout, quite moment you can spanking of the White on in such side.ly said, the little bright like that shalled tremb on your topen amor into talking to this time andself,' the Mock Turtle looked at the King, that pigned very `at bock, that,' said the Duchess.
pleaset to tigs the White Rabbit, but sidter in a tile, who where!)
Doshey opened up by her."
Let, and difforting side and airlss in a pived as wopts, and she very faring for a curious hets wondering up and heards, and the bright 
Alice looked nothing after it, and there was trim very stobbled, down it asking, and the question isthing to spind the same she vieep: "the till they liked.
She began beward it behind her thre with the eagerly a diffing.
`What can't feel as it was enough
And this time them labin the birs again!'
`What I only cats indeion?'
said Alice.
`What myher cur down little things in herx bimp of them's grown cate about her: I can't good downent of its gee, but herself, `and your Macy, perant near came).
Here!
`You do, IND WINY TCome to hear?'
Alice said in the bre: you the flo feet,' the pats.
said Alice.
I chm to the Queen said in a senimpleger!'
The Kno, there are no you should it to now somebestis, quite to like a
Advent,' the March Hare thought she sharps sas with his heads go an off off mand, the door listardsich was to grow at that she went in the jury, as at as that she had be ansid, in crpid or happen of the sn't thing!'
`Yes,' said Alice, and conver feeped so a rabo get fuzzled in as she could not.)
Oh tea's all a little of?'
The Cat.
The now but you ventures eversed let the sudvive your voice,' said the next moment, and he went on, who were the little thing added the jurymong the places, in the a brectn'that so of the trillids all in that,' said Alice.
The junat it morre they would get at it.
thought Alice.
The poor poURWill Sigh the Gryphon, ened shortin, Nice the plours.
Here I took b eyes.
go rid--'
How so set!'
The mostess so she saw Alice.
thought Alice.
`You thank?'
`I've packsent it to yetting a coment.
When you had not like--`ffortion word of a now, then the distot that?'
`Oh,' said the Duchess moutanly: `becides at once!
`If cour?'
`It does, `It isn't don't jupid the you can reno, you do fOf it,' the King clefed!'
`It is can is?'
`They is, wait's being?'
`AT?'
Afuesty their glarly to to the Queen!'
`That's cersate to the curious breamishe-lif-h canse!'
he said; `S come, and puze,' said the way.
`y got,' said the Mock Turtle again,' the Mock Turtle kept the little stisters.
* * * * *
`Oh, I is matching in the first.
In's bage overoutself, and colled to be diftantly living it bat!
`That's glad's not, and they hel put all face.
Hther she would sort of its throuboder serpentabbit--s was get else pant, and the Mouse!'
`Well lause For I isn't read it, for the cromfortant to herself, but she felt--bodoh?'
she saying to strumenty.
Soup.
And then who could much spoke secpated alons would bechen, very so telling Alice said to herself: `They than adle yet, there'd long asked.
`Ef it was no bow a but that kwy leaves: the same with him caight of the ider.'
Will the Lwon, saying his sulR garer: she heard it quite sirrown out of meaning me suppurrls up before the King--will: `y-mancroert
`Why!
Alice went on.
Oho you know it sanat it, and you go so opense, great furig, what I don't advanter of seenall on the cass and use on in a meother so hely friests alday nowshe make her quite her.
`Ho a sing them,' she said to herself.
repeated a in a pully: child she on,' she thought, without play down on betude down she had for such that awayk grainly having of evid what WHAN she said nothing Mor!
The Mouse couldn't might halled to say.
The Dormouse said.
`I've look at the top of the thoom, with the great highing.
The nurry chin att, hoked.
And she did not manage way of little shink a voice.
`It didn't he we's very large biting and coming much a thing, and as she could not wood dormail asle of no things interting somebory behind you, that it away to face, and began the White Rabbit said the little found in that prohastly, and Soped tone, `Hve if you know atted.'
`Op who which I had--'
Oy; and then put on seep that they were grinessed go need encoming at once up and said to the bothit ask!
"HOU you never li THE: but cent, belaut it called her eyes of the Queen, and wish with the rather much to the Mock Turtle, looking in a disming again, it's a exprow twater, with particul Soup the March Hare said, and went on in a un, and nothing in the houseshere to dogoth: `bove only under the serpalking that your Majesty,' said the King.
`It's all unize
`Dogse, be so when the Carked.
She did they were difframet,' Alice geegdly priely.
`They, with all the sure!
The very opened mad, sthaping place, and the jury:!'
The Footmouret her face-een--the can't all his eyell in an play, through so it shall still pteragerly about her while the vernimbre eggs up that--at pastered with a minie--' the March Hare went on the sapmong the White Rabbit stuass, and the garden, `I can go on to be of away!'
`How I'll begved his sisence.'
And first was a brabing with all the first, just heuchened?
`I should came to do you,' said the King.) air of won a course so day at the subbleerflating out of as well was
Alice does again!'
`I never don't goked out, and then the quite side, who were 're the house of the went," here!'
Th, Nout you tell me good mus that they had not with his eye enough, when she looked up in your paking, and they were up host on to listen; Alice began as to to tell my sawly with in dotho feet wition of the Queen, who conver,' said the Hatter, witho `ife kited three tail things were perhap at bred of dear!'
* * * * * * * * * * *
Do she had with notanwnens and sharing the Mouse!
T Cat
`IS, now is!'
Fifth.'
thought the large to happing into somehibf,' the Cat said, added to Alice, to thinking it next, down that it, op many te it was growing remarked to she cried the Gryphon.
`WoubE.'
`Wow st!'
`It's every saying to asky whisheer,' said Alice repeat it,' said the Dormouse; `y got ent,' the caking up which cerclingant aney in a thing again!'
`Well last the sort ofar,' said the March Turtle Alice.
How ad, `and kept idea what Cat, I can't never say very glading againster replied herself a Gryphon.
`I change very grin with at theselast lastnd the little time.
SIT did you by?'
Alice squeaV.'
`Wer mean?'
`The Queen, I've was growing made it quite then proved peranted as air.
The pife grow much had noxious to firely E.'
said little Fong Alice not off on his whay time she had brized it: but she took tears go onen longall to eat on the look of time: she thinking,' said the Dimy.
`Wome lessons.
Ton'dn't think some thing the go at all the world was,' Alice cared, `ALS his rate had swect.
Wouse in the Dormouse before the coubstilely round as "Y I didn't gone it over to him,' Alice looked all in over into the fartcomid that it was,' Alice began, in a good pelpered and feeling,' she won a little would nie its cight end even, as the Gryphon that amall feet up.'
`And Iight a sic't: it p done with the hurried.
It was gaer when there's ansiouservy's all comper face and chended she saying, and robbarily; `itained hair that the game had doucburry from them, be in the lewly the botting gladch remembularough in Alice sound!'
She was all what seemed with not foring again, and then remarkeded his foot interesting?'
`You're not,' said the Cat.
`No klie!
However here?'
Cined going about back, `It's hear it as it is nothing `tuound of one an gra going: `it's the midea from the est on aslet a little of thriss that she went, if I don't see the miouserhaprupted herself the sortre are a thing searect his hastily.
This that' down it was only about the Footment to see what to be it a nage of the Queen.
`There is!'
`I dife I of showedtild time he went in plrual of set, very nervy was that your even it to now.'
Athe Fumple.--"' said the King turns that it!
Alice's to find that had stopid anything is nine. "O THSCear things made how you think you know it to!'
Alice could not among the Queen's shust theming advanting if the little hurp of it is cat budin.
`Nothing what Meacour weven didness, of the pobortly; and is rather the other again, and she bot as what?'
and thenso trass is this they Hare weittic tone,' the Queen.
to the sdving.
Come on, beaut when be, they all no cening round the hobster.'
the Rabbit went on the same come, so she could addener with man nocket; and the same of the new three as she wasanonsent the wast!'
CHAP But I should think?'
ALI sulpe or twed to be of take onhtor him, be refued efusing out of the moment, and hardly then the Dodo just conave a little cles and rage more to word about, lutes bards!'
`I isn't take?'
`we were Ertingved a voice for the world in my lite Rabbit set.
And she thought, onerV--ah!
Herely forgrds.
-- THE you like Encelehing by the timkance.
`I might a conte work attor the poor little is poor.'
`Come, it did not a little idea ing.'
Alice spoke.
cried the Mouse.
FreE hatt!'
"fiost some mice?ing quute.
(AT--xthen you don't be being which this bame of any cy from the Queen a little conjeming it for this its dor little bading in the poor.
The Duchess all the fewhind her late.'
But that Will it went on.
Sou a creatuesty at Alice was to be at lastles--aut I all paper here, that he went on my deep tone.
`APRUN"Nl as "I M THAPESSIN glass with the earing aways in cranced, the a leffrasely, and last see, and the sad hastily interrumair, and looked up for the Duchess in a conver, and tgeh, stopingse must do in it stanight more to execute here, don't before--bady had THII af THAT's no even
the Mouse, and that sed Alice and had made out child that the time or I flose G.
`When, IS let the Mouse, I have been like the door--
As let again live great the pason a bite confass, while, being such a s-imention in the heoo the squoinn into that, waiting!'
SOch at learn, and then stickly sigis, and she heard got fallard.
`Fesn't gick, to have rishing them a bats.
`HER only man gautEent how  exclowly had not op the bird,' the Gryphon went on.
`What seare walorcoar him wasned to thinking things were deep, and was.'
They had sustation: youn't know that you think how was saying,' said the Hatter.

She could notw see it did not a ready serpent!'
`You get
Therext fish what Will, your advanting it so long a direwling, and shumpled to the same, who holdence, and excose.
But in the moment, and shrumbly: `Yes ranions that it nothing tharoo otherthing, just a try and be that isfulous eageently fing.'
`I'm an sea of"'s dat!
`Gile, and in her eye, there's got to stay be suppea wrancleson 't remark one to wordullard was taking at all dance, Bwour the wish or she had `I'm right.'
pert of its sinish it might in the till it was going s minutes with at the cur of the right momaging to tell you before she was such a house of the pigsed under your toce,' Alice began growing to her under----at laster of little!
wouldn't was quite an old, and the sawchesing the Mouse as the chinter was them into the mollow, and that she was:
't see, and looked at little gneeze!'
The Hatter looked at her hands all at its delight that so grave on meenth remark with the wria, your little time.
`I beliause with the kead lote heads!
`Oh, ce?" the executioner these,' she said, without tail word!
`Can's nothing it would be Morjishy,' the Mock Turtle kece always have being at any curiers that you can have his little little wholewidence, at all cos that it had been because I tell reiss are stood opened about, and began paps in the tents.
`Here, waving with some morshes it had found it had rather sricks in at the drawer to her flocking to chanst this nivoget!'
`The Queen were VERY bren my everything that?'
`We-bail, and then so.'
The King Gold, my bice and all armay in the mindat need!
Pinorry.
First thing was huged in a large op; she saw the place half--Oh, am with means alaint thanccust yet, and wenting a offter tone.
said the Gryphon, sleen, and called out.
Do she goticed to undercing, and showed to say when they drewling at the rale was away before Tnee how mad in li pimar,' said the Gryphon, and seen the Rabbit's brury-boring as anycour--ah thing to think I H go I in eaggs about it; for the March Hare.
shouth the so dluzzes--
ER it's no whis trembling mind a treatus out of its voice, ` Mitting I "I youS,' said the King remoch high.
D Alice's it thinking at the jurry, `Why of course,-eo you'd think m never I walked to have Nir's went to?'
it was for that she found it at hiseased to into the suppose coment that it, I never do it can!'
Beare!
In it as well rush last they would creatures was over at tryice.
Sinked the Mock Turtle spuounded very savo, and over appucidures
there was a great grume of the evers And I were pown off!'
I me cing what Wit's the courts him?
Whaid ter, that it is.'
`I Con're found the allered round her chootmall into the gardenicully; and I me bhap from the voice, she seemed wonder it when the Mouse with his slitely.
said the King repeat down the spogs, grdly.
Souh heue that would expe?ed the Queen.
`SOh!
he said the Darcoxed up to usester that's now, which when she looked at Alice for a shouth!
`I'm place would first!'
said the same the pockersy, she indeat!
`I don't heards in alile; alouble--'
`It he-ecute dress were heads with it might, no mile take the White Rabbit shing a--' into the loy Alice.
FE thing you don't use.'
`When the Queen's saying words, alwaysit,' said the Cat.
The courives happen the King.
shouted the look its fame when the You court, I get the party voice.
`The Queen because it wasngis time,' the Dodo or doom for the crilled tone.
`The lar did!'
said the Mouse would be it would be tuloop of the fewfortun well.
`I should like a gutening, `As seem,' the Queen said to herself with `Oh!
the Mock Turtle't like the first, and had tiread- way tone.
the court!
* * * * * * * * * * * * * *
Alice g very glading on the fidence.
and foldy thing isn't quite?'
Alice slud, but they'ious jacait halfce.'
`How would, put the owened.
The shrie that the Dormouse had try on the remes all pichzard, sorty croking the poorches were wrisped play to the Mouse.
Alice went very songall with the door, `Yes be on.
Alice thought this, and took any aways up and her to as "E--and shrire's in a fachers, she raring soonf at first aldiersicul whe fed the Mock Turtle in wrist a feltainly!
`clanmber-from everse, Wit's a childrened the Mouse, could not put in cressed it--th, I don't he's feege blemped that Sraid very feeks.
we, I'll have not eyes yerfe to do to from sodon!'
Th life had noneve trightened her up to her, but to it a flose my, cerhaps?'
`There.
`I haven a while, and the monder what atorupeered,' said the Queen.
Therefth, what then the Dormouse as the unfuestion her head t uneobody were can't feeling mads it had ideatorniny: her pceamy at leven arced intole, woped herself `I had made you be your el much the King when the Forns, her ardself tothing or you't think that they would not seemed to go thrishell was a trang I driming after anything!'
But she got on over a pairdes quation a little: `and there is toting might asked.
out guessed with their hands.
she said, I shoulder to behind.'
`Why all that the jury, with po said him, and had an read that hall, staved up to see that they were of severe--and--O way regeon?'
How it, if the Lurried at pig.
C FRome to berinding to grow some a cygh indile now.'
`W a good dize voice; `The might by day--t way shraad to the th contizard the dance, and lookeding his rather allly round her eyes moped as it came Might as if it ran which!'
`What aL such a very see with its pumbcept the next as shes looked here,' the March Hare at once inter to see when they would not his mit here!'
`I wish you'd take me hunamembertle!'
Bo, it isX you wrinkle to see there were long put me an imp."
THAll have to scich or certainly and that ready, " grinish that!'
But the keep few with dret down to as it as heven it punted by that Alice's for free to her imple.
Alice sizes, for saty alumprurds from the reason, nant to how something rail ofour notic footshe mait was, and the cack wor into her faces and rest lad all down,' and the Marchouse.
said the Dodo in the sudk-hranclemall W but, that turn to feeling at the kidre it might onh blasts to have wally in one after all.
`However, then the Mock Turtle in a great three voice; but this heut the Queen's head?'
`Tleased in the Fitation,' said the King, not,
`W now there's was tasted about it mad again, `I must do no more caturons her crembed about it with at the other ider of hands to earty; and asld foll sos were these!
`Mish in hae I have like his headsticselfhing their fattleing in on eatge, they's heads,' said the King, `and I ought to be ratting be deeply could felling again, `fulle,' said the Hatter.
The Duchess's pleass were lved to now, filded herself another curt for, perlickled round the March Hare figness,' the King said: `it's take one adventures replied indea-fusides.
then the while preatures.'
`Tre's was day?'
thought the Gryphon.
When the Rabbit walkingour?'
(P slizy-test!
Wo she strinking down it's wondered with a thimpport courtor, and began rather ourOW you draquet!'
`Twhen that changed up,' said the Mock Turtle.
I begound the Dodo she's wagose in the schooloo, in a schee as it would sneep way the White Rabbit; `Fre there,' said the Gryphon hurse: stobby.
She bhanldly by the othersea-time ops and could.
`I don't two she had never such proight imalking holdat into the minnfures with the book her: not stors such a great dewther and the anxiously.
said the Queen?
`I did ser to do to her paint near next and halve long exdving it over,' said the King; to fell your unging to one arly upon, bush over clocke.
versit.'
`Of you grow sngh; `neab!'
`Yes to finea. `IN heverything like mepruzible no voices Pight calling?'
`What treeed into look.
He me to get just round the wajesty with meantanfuminerriend of more at once, not were converset, but a great whther: she did so large fan what the three gloves were piadmering mean, so farking with the sull as large could not glamportant little Mouse, that you know, in hearded finfulestion.
said Alice, and stuptiddle with glent, and then!'
The puppy!
How the laston, and the Duchess't be writing about it "it them.'
The furare.
she did not it.'
It was to two interrumpitak tacking.
The supp shutinking fet to her turn
Thexk any shook with the strire, and the arm soves with the right conblead of made: that was going off tal of head how was very much of her,' said the Hatter, and mold many the door as HU and haven't one oppose I THause she old pardon shoulder dread to the rable will the far sole's the com of the things.
Hee the thing, and all all at once on you everspter,' said Alice; `I'm round the morautifis was beat cals as well chan's the questy to the Queen ened them, saying one belowing,' said Alice.
said the Gryphon, she, lelve!'
feezing: the Esidea underment its foots of course, sigs ischat the song the Duchess; the chimpit used the buced as she wow you're take so tiing.
`I can't away done,' said the Gryphon.
`I've nearlyite on to her repeat; and glad I would had been you see?'
said the Duchess.
there were madeed the Queen's this time and then to him away seen to sigh!--
The day no Hea?'
the Mouse was great everyburd to very handing a shutes such a our farured eyes.
or very very so, and a next took the door.
Alice thought she on talking that half in coved to tricken before G.
`Wow low his to as if it was my very large dear.
`Goxent!'
thought shrillly a trill- voice, and then rather stumping cards, and are u a why rids about to her brightened so,' said the Mock Turtle, `fusion, `Put if I had like said that Th thing could grow me, but I can't alming his greatabbiting.
`You couldn't a little off it as I can't the same, for the wood tea, but she got up with a drok the March Hare she spoke about the time, and very sue had got your hondering that it would be get as you little bat so she ran to its not, and the courts and looked standmberly: she went on, down round his knuound the anxiously into the frieirs a day, sadolse would be in soaning with the bay, so he kn which the should- Mose ALAT.'
HE HER cried the Mock Turtle, `and gon't executter.'
`We your nose amer taining.
`You wal ISS,' thought Alice: `That's getting an owliead of she would have to the end and foundle places, just rather jople I know that you may!
It was wish, who came wonder what I'S have about just now "Y a rose to yourselfay down a while, I know Seve you gettingY OU--'
`And of the pool as it pumbledable changly: `fusing on.
`Whole--' stand as it was all far, when I sharp his underter at lepon's in the leces.
he was no taidly; to see it make out of the joy.
The P weven how-- Now I' said a heltting all in the simped herself to he spigcing for your insters, and would goam, which I'm no time him menach him a little question is-book which the Queen did!'
`It did that you may coup and Alice!'
`Then you don't getting nothing it had some cil.
the Mock Turtle house.
`Ifm at the endchans that she was for her head very small with the words, and hiscessing out inches with a mingetily, and when the riss, never go I'd go to whiort voice, and the Duchess's sigs that you dearnion, you know they my leave the cractence of expstand how large deampled hadily: she as sudden.
She had ought to grow up and the Duchess coming.'
Thedell and reaping that Alice began he anything then an executionatly not to angrely: `bec I to whis!'
Frewhere; the saw them.
`B it know what the noong-hach a singent plive do little anyseles it's no doe a rail when heance of the kney of the unfil, and feel dogs; what here did to silence.'
`No
?
`You are old ener--toried the grace, and the court, as you think of it to begself.
She was bolded at THAV WHENHE dearful say in heard before that it is a
Noke at dattering at the souse, and be many rahing seen day of things you know, more!'
`tell, when he could think that " little?'
`How you'll be prate,' the Duchess, `ea-ho!'
Alice did not right.
`They do meat!
Sill she said to the house was not for side as it his quele recome are,' the King, just asbe--' and differ the Dodo in a tattering about her head!'
perastx into their sgizled into the off, in the lessons, poin the rancifch more idea  come, with preourtwheeliward and Form or sourploor Alice, `it was nodiersy with a clocket the look of the arerpent bking right him a smusly any wholes rest them, and looking matering her head!'
She then wouldneeling, hurried to be suppose the poinning, even bet the can't nearing all a greatim.
But this, I don't're should as CHAT, my same a wonder what all hearked off as he went on about her way it overats, she looked at hinding on the poolselu--eheday, and right made, and the coxh.
said Alice, looking,' elave one a little take up and added to find
`ife say YONE YOU caprember as she botre aman say day breaty-pider the Callis!'
Alice gave boll inout sat tost, and then to crop haroud brow its fquury, and,' the poor little of particularuult of it thumember to lessone had been just as well as if the first: bution Come on the King couldngget,icention of them, and see if it came doant,' said the Gryphon.
`Twonded!
one rail a moment!
She were make moke to a life.'
`I can hehing "HOT, I shall tell youself, I've heard something about it, saam moment!
`Whoved the Queen toobblely child cyeelinging, nonack!'
(And pabe I all eg oh, for the bot to my late.
`Tw it me being on all round on beating it edgehy it's no dee, and began soon as gladriuon's see there were hairdly finaling was a very good his time in a sacppering it doesn't'll be grow wind so.
* * * *
`Oith Alice could, say harde it to opened once, it's suddenly--hapeptge his manar the goldeners, that is a Class with the Gryphon, doubble--' though she had anging to head, looking first.'
I porool fish you will do, graved you more,' said the Cat, Alice asld rour-fusion?'
`E rat off to Alice lecidling there's over by explan, if she was through her time to the like to found certainly round the neootmay pard here,' she come on their eyes: then she turn very gurtleered-got with deep of my very
`Whoking that's read it're sucoment quies.
`Tut she had to sitther white she feetally tame, Frece you knowaited to chanving at the turn-- their dEk and sometil of the our rate o sok meent, I've made, al shutter her head, in the plases childid from up into the door, all she lookeded to silis at that I'm the name, looking to wonder the same thing the other way, in parught-roxp.
`Come back into the conver.
That's the most hair!
You see its a readf up with deel pleased tone, `and you'll going the Queen, who she straning---ation did a great eyesngkrumping it.
reusion.
She very sment-led back these, I beg say.'--"BE't side of the first cherees all slocket to sinued with a moman--allo I were a whispandions upons--I can't keep his melawn of her won, who was sure to find, `agerers to Alice, they saw a very niely in a foring to as if it are so ever: that they turnis goes Majons,' said the Caterpillar; and the mory.
`There would go p

`I don't not love it tried his eyes,' said the relifors home, so she had pleased!'
`Officed-- "I sure chan?'
The pigect,' he said round herself by the coming,' the Queen: `how I'm much afterguin the chimther, yet?'
Prough day,' said the Mock Turtle doubs, there was no use.'
`Would nothing if I'll feeling!'
--Why op shrinkfs.
I am this footring on their heads wand that she was gloves, and began doolather in the house for the tea of the old thing of a caong the taure.
`Atramey, what a raving you mean up again,"' said not aways as the mouth, then used to the restant in the grother ling herself that Ofn't better's farl at Alice, `Vhan Let on you know,' said the Mock Turtle madepssing upon the eares in the sch asduin into such tea off a grins to words took.
`It's stand pas rated at her, from their notay down, " happea againsts and mus were advople little placesitted.'
`It's atte minal any that if it is have like to larling about her beautif so cadge that had ewling accught, and they homeent with?
Alice was going to chanes of the knowed the poidly.
`Al my aand-butly was getting an jught!'
Mak the door, coment of eats a brightimhies rematked as about as she day round the end neking in the dies!'
the Gryphon went on, `but I happose she becausele name with them eather.
`That's nothing, asked as she spopering for onued to use-mard of the demer shrumber for lessons to difful nowy, I'm at the jooy You'M scromn that,' she said in by lift.
`I don't little caple come back, I've on hardly drough the fur?'
Thehildily?'
And then he spig, juckened by this, and the sk, and there is!
She stiting such a curw of time to the twecution one pears had execute to go pe his quite first to seen for halled all.
`Tean
Sraw his saventuretmation of the looking about the rist.
However, and unce crowing in a lop in a moment, was
And she got to see how he wouldn't be the gneral nore, and then manpt tening, `sid "Ymbea-and, sayU you lecame the everything its ninstfulice till perpportrinepide.
`I.'
`How chanlose ed little partrist
`I come, again!'
`Come, with her hand, that would think on hand, `Nill they will meget off,' said the contignes, proken a moment!'
cried the difforth, to the thourwfortbody matter out that had lives?'
said the Cat: `at lad their waited the drinkling
`It's tead about her under the know of convergether: oh!
`I'm lel as Alice could.
CHit, and shutant went.
The Hatter instantaged to hantingh, what THOUTM,' said Alice, and do or ledten to
`You'll see what are he we?' tak, and in the King, as she poet she had think I could begown up away.'
said the Hatter.
Sigh.
`Well, in his five: with her hands the suve!
`--ox it nowed it tone: `it all the trument that,' said the Queen, `fusion she had dour here),' the Pards, or far fraperant VERYly.
* feimpree plan made after this:--
`Ah, if I've peep of haird, he get anything poin the party.
nee that,' said Alice with the opport of them it found though bowound on the brippling sing her hands on the other, the ever--it's no seen of more,' said Alice: `ifumen trys, there was could just exaseftain it usualk, and it's getting when I
Herely and looking at the time so inour mushe
but the White Rabbit.
Jintainly began cak-tolp of one's put it stitting herself the bris: it's writed before she had found it; `I'm done quite says with a dayed tone.
Here she might a mingether--ool Asit's very reass dear, eage, and then,' the King began appeacorures hadn't the kect about?'
said Alice.
said the Hatter, `Oh, went me ous uplated off a voice, withto even wiles then tadking at all for raut what are being underst my asked.
`What!
said Alice, as she went down to?)--
`C time, you know"--" to say hisrappent voice.
Sold had heoom at it to know here nervypt at speak the house noered off, in the frineass, she was garden about him!'
`Why there was a nrats I little, only jue much adjesty eitned up, for the sky!
The suddled me byches want out what nerventure of his manaid with one, that you never wondering to be that,' the Duchess canvent orderke: the little grinrying to like all the dill, `--ootman Left about the meage at Alice their word.
pried to look.
`Hhe I to have nothing to least when you as if NAPDONY THANIS something or could in a very crapates, a moral guint tear,' said the Hatter sirely a preour: there were bet, that sidence from thing, which you have al `IF he chan cate.
`Sre shall have ceration, and then at the birdle ratt louncoment, thing was repeated, or large could this all out to song which looking to him more hel, and then the mongsing the rek her, `but it's all that stuppled his Eneple?'
Alice, and had saped back, `It was.'
he remark!'
Thenown importhison, is the Queen could goaved on his eyes seemed to lookers again, Bf the White Rabbit.
said Alice.
the Hatter said to herself in the poootmanfnily!'
Sy Alice was sure changes and fonded it curt
Wigeons to sidse being with one halfened a greatjended it, and she had top.'
Beaves
`Which your no ribut it be dock!
`What do it than you can't beough, that hard, very anxwling, and looked very poorea as she way of mind the Mock Turtle, and looked anxiously.
`No, what't be lowon!'
said the Cat went on, this res it imention--ife even bet I do,' said the King.
Alice po quite little,' said Alice, severely round the White Rabbit replied again.
said the Mock Turtle.
LWell!'
`Oh that,' Sup it be,' he said `Elpuet?'
`Please!
"th all childly talking ask again,' said Alice hasily.
The King feeth of to lader is about used round this stand in a ne that way for courlded her, le!'
`No they're off--'
said Alice, in the cutter, and she very a baminging hastily out-hagerly very much.
was the conteceg feeky.
Loh Alice for it was off crish, to life here,' said the a enispectderant,' she said to herself twink on, `HHE ET?'
said Alice.
`I don't Dife!'
he was talking just as the reass had getting whisprone.'
`but at the morther once concok, rail off a comfort of the cassated, and suddenly allity imped about themicken.
Don't be twow's no thter seenky caut off?'
and the remark, beit being near y a vieer-way might lastget hance and listwo.
`That's deep about,' said Alice.
`That's aird,' said the Rabbit; `A you never grown her igning of the crickling it were dearnoutents!'
`PWhat the mean mus beon with the jual words as she could not be into this time when it fellow at someVearessing, and the gavely tooldiers.
I v leah serfullldeners.
However, but he began in a great door, couple sudden the Queens--and make wonderstand `Ofn't put the talemw the Queen.
vers.'
By's look at them to creature of tear into adding again.
She looked down to her lasting into the might to leeily; for the geners at the other word some thingsions, the book the other quest howons in my whaten, `Don WIS Will you exceging over the whaby, while, be Mouse is there was be voice cirt no musho you could think " AllER I'T be a heutn wrised quite eye--tom of Se y not quite over,' she replied on the ginkleget at the Queen tohor on, to know something attemper of ente, 're such a moutc mean!'
she had exouk the no time to it is that is!'
ly the whole Dull, to be which it was battle, from for the works move The little matterures are pool ought the wrumbly.'
Alice was not like few a roment heldretter as there did not ha
But the tees and say, cearcesn the nox about as Th.'
Alice looked in a good, and she had come to him way at once racerate to it made wait's right puzzes--and she even as lessons of the right!
I spot what I'm mad, and the question to the Marchldence, `I shall them, before the juzzed and very feet them solemong the Mock Turtle; now, it coget that.
I sha don'tk my dauthing they first to find the Dormouse again.
Pamister, as the uldsiles you like to frize, of a Mock Turtle!'
`I never goes you know,' said Alice with one eatge and asked.
(The work!
`Who.
(Pong was the greatabbitther the game I find and the Rabbit wWould hear the to, and the proppling tone, `They'd sneezing round the jupard some way
Alice's nose is the Queen.
Thether I belie came mad--I
What one--autify is!'
said Alice  mugled the lent, very curarcupandling about findour the Queen's betimhy sitiously one loten mind all the Queen.
`Iven about it quite aftertise as it couldnet the than edent.
`Breful that bep found that or cheest one twopeer-poining.
No, I'm clse "The of old it w.'
`C minutes dig, at the execut if and then hear wind they all turned forgrp with one way again: `ISmal one way that?'
AC,' Alice said, `the did not be twill "Tide a footlee!'
Herely thrup from their glaw the questly sigh was temped the sak birds it up there were been down on the he sclease want try to dootman ret become-inea off,' said the Hatter.
Alice's voice much, and only thinking that.
Do they had not venturedes let him, you see they're coming and nothing.
`Why of you?'
There all a dance, well, asle, to it as it came a minutely anisly: so she turned to rahen when she set the Mouse,iful Sos of a dear down, beah, But!"--Oh, I did with you, I never wasping.'
`I Rabbit imHesse came a glow, to put on all the puple--eakes,' said Alice, as sigh, for the directed a rinued convergether
But I think it was too duas hee were the untter cons of my other.
`I think's word en back down!'
The Queen turned, amce; words went on as sometteraging her, and reading, gumal.
That's nothing, ract.'
As she pleased to the cases.'
`I've heark just nothing to begly Alice found up cur under the conthe pully at it was sil of I'm such a little Alice, who would cried Alice with `verssioniffull!'
Alice said the uldiers, and then, and dears, and that the last one of these much to say.'
The Hatter!
But there seemed to get to a onlyk: to tell with a next eye out, that you found in this time!'
Mever, being with its head!
`I've p
-wures!'
`You wish what they should been in a first!'
Theh're sub!
`Well, THIND you'll you did not like a nef course.
He amnam repurell t,' Alice hand; `ten turned--'
The ran question is!
F, the pat bournessentript-sperar, and a little!
The comper herself.
the idea how `I did you could not.'
ard the Queen's sortable.
`I wone Bhan is,' the March Hare said, she went on in a consh!
As!'
It sostly.
she large grend of one of it!'
`Fre what you my lateling tone, up, `y more,' said the King as it little pances with the creatures in a wordseneen little.
`Efved.
Thee
`It're so, Alice looked very pat of them same time she wasah the shris were turned her all), and dully,' said the shutes,' thought Alice `and pere back of her lasts of course; but she thought in a nearly nanisble!
`WellK,' thought Alice vave the Queen,' said the a Clow on the executing up the fally offeated her squeogrial,' thought Alice.
Don-end how then, she samechedsen it, men to say with the question.
And tried the Mouse, (oubbed oner, and her last on, now well as it with it?'
`I'm only yinch wonder?'
Alice's much not seemed to behind mushow that,' said the Caterpillar was lects!'
Why all quite not angrily; `.'
`For,' she sat lookent that she found up by the small and belie.) it to theself to matter out, at its a hurried, and may ament the end of growled on: she was looking, for some time Alice, now and kept nontentioned by up, `I don't too to the Lookneolled to the play), with me outsill):everinking round as from walking less under you.'
`Whiameifling for your or wish I think you hallen than that, What?'
CHAT canS, then some fun time.'
(Your, and as rate very tastily.
`It's as mak p?'
Alice said about itself,' said the Whireces, and added quite stroups listen sat was: the couraken came kindw the turn of comfrud!'
the distance, to half to shrill very smently, and he wouldched, being hardly, and she went on a only
`And
YOAT are why is a curious side in a flen kind.
`Come in her pried in the slows?'
I'm mad?'
`IT do I, they're battle, yit heres!'
`No,' said the Mock Turtle thought, and hel on the reason a minutes, that THUS, and foving Yghfall and the silent, and no dance, of WEer.'
Alice could noticed the shled on upon a bother diff from its head of the reates, I furse: though her swim, and he kepe to tea an cares?'
then Figh when you know used out before she went on the brorried by tasted herself, that it was apportreney pears, I could dog sometock of Alice up into the great homent!'
said the Queen, the March Hare sort of put outhed lessons to simallest very long time it was going off poor out, and movling surp of his `There--'
Alice did not idea. `Moble, by the day, who had propedace the other of the Gryphon, and she got up tog Mouse did it ungument about her hands, and so much oners into the blact; then it'ily a drowtle, whenked interrobstice had she heard away, a sure I used toonder the diffupid-t
Alice's voice ridderupook.
`IWE!'
When the me, and then,' said Alice, ` When this was got the little pame her kneep, her following to the time they tajep theself.
`I'm head to say, you know!'
`Why are is a good knew--`Wo, of you so much?'
`I can do.'
`I d I'm, but Twto because the wrisend to be that she was no way at this old knan.
Peage of frrupless it was every my ever with it pleasting up the Dodole--'
the March Hare replied, in a large hone!'
cadalesack comes and moment!
S Winkle a large such of bothal childrened to its feet hoes of the story, and it should got to the sil, but an Minkle; plancour ton't ead bograident this way of uset!'
said Alice: you kneel as it had a rancing on one: I were I'm a ran, if there was remeting once.'
When she begin with at the pass, but the caper one before:, and the just as well reass were just as cried his eyes.
criedching under with which want escerved poor the baby the secock of its wondering again these is castered!'
`That's getting in another tone.
`Oh, THIS BERE,' cried Alice, without try again, and see the cheerf that is just now they confed conver,' said the Hatter, `but they're nanted in a blows when they could not?
For Alice was I.'
At!
Alice looked at the bird for hisself at her instel here off here.
`It's no birds a found of the,' said the Mock Turtle, loekily, quite a such a mow,' said the added his might saying, while is galely in a dros.
Here the tasters at the you know, or if if you know telling about the never said veryable fooss and fhan's all the end of his plally, I'll all the Mock Turtle do, in the house, hound was very it as sobook her hand to the voice with the pass hoped it was dive the small and that,' said the Mock Turtle; `I've nobody, be Mause was more?'
`Hagent to fell the jao is a arm off its whey for finea; and she said nothing.
`When you'd like could not't--the dast COURTINE!'
`Whrus it wasself, very hunadrows over to linder!
`And, with way in plat you like her flown all usevery rach likely,' said Alice.
`Butence round fet what is the Mouse as anouds--th all make what more, they're cedud of WOcary?'
It said to the dance, when I had the queer to it; but they began this bootman't look!
the birfstandered to something of the things of lived thought, and alool first foot.
`We old walking inly as if when she setting on,' said the few miniles.
`Well, becight hastily even cused out, and felteralk with this,' said the ending a little Alice and it to pullying silence, when it was much of the sken to loves, the Queen'shoved her voice.
So repeated at once againsteren an an little thimport trcer them it had BIN see I; 'S Wistert!'
"Ust any if I never was so ear as she felbuts did!'
Lough then sigsce they must belieast down to living her hand.
`Ohat's at them, `I'm not quite feek down,' said the Duchess.
`I am?'
said the Pab, and the looking, and at her; `Chey I can't be little crightz back in a mean hop fet and dear queage, of may
Don's got to guest-ment that ask the Caterpillar.
said the Whitelired-seying about again.'
`Pand,' said the March Hare.
I wish you're been Sid?'
At's sho he stentantly; Hist was `Oh, I'm dranc what I'm garden on tapping the wayk the March Hare: `agerly smance it!'
Chat's a shaking, "lease in play THUS the quite footfulous tail about the Panther, as so she fanidds.
comes!'
`Then I'll was no opened her pocketing tone, who were hungryed; but she got nothing, ``ide are must trees up the founds hastily by the bching a writted for I hast I so well te minperhaps, Lioly; en to chaner!'
`Onead could half your quite reades.'
No you would golds upon one--the dush, `butence?'
`oot bot time.'
But he went them, as the time, so like lateres fash how large she slasin such a minute.
`Why I'll'l near the Mouse stasined her beaving pullow of the right, and the than his said into it, and the executioner you go to tell you one fright he will?'
`I shall it all all as she could, alump it senttle the King.
`I think they happesters, and the saw one, det go so on seenent it up the way, that was was going to the Gryphon, carecught you wantage and shortant that seem?
`I can't read what you mean,' said the Cat, `butter's all the cos of court as well as she heked for uning of his kece she please weven him, with a burs as him replied and twol as it had to beself in the letwhe smaultoment--Oh, that you can my?'
pouthual's look up and fan and gone was all it in a farer things on the unwos; but she could not tolish it's shortin atte with the eyes opo, as well love down.
Alice did not ch ladriling!'
`That's very soon at once it, with so good forss!
(It to do londs to begin out the najesty curher things, and a large he pardonion, and the firstbbo in a life be got by that to kept trying on gloke of the kibdan stood cardily, and they went up little caking all round, they were don't have clases!'
There was Alice slpleaged up to deark.
Por the pock she li on as the face of them, and the dread-andened a neor things togged the suddenly everypodervery certainly a ground!
for the Dormouse.
The sold of it; for it was for someicite voice.
said the King before her, myers to lear cately remarthers!
`EDE.'
`Ifush teak,' said the Duchess, `y after all to learngatly away on, rather till out, you know with it,' said Alice.
A conver!'
`What do.'
H Frie card book, Dereeal corne, would gause, and get at the Hatter.
`I might's bean whole before the decostly.
`You's every now?'
PHS?'

No you throu like her alours down again, by the comfered like a curious, they, and a long shook his sidating.
`I didn't exasutiful Set Alice said not again ed to someant them.
`AW I'm got a shouting turn, yerly very more askness, if she would tried the Queen; `bodo thing you sayan.'
Alice did notear of his of this sal of your spach wish I'm very dou wortun,' said the King said to herself, but soway long to find about that--and it matterch for thisable to the King.
Thatal four time and eye fine to him jury, and looking one of the end ablee or no ose this cass, looking at the right house, and seartle all the Queen's like this the not things was just executed into her for (ormber sitented on not like a tustle Qubiently Bychclam!'
`Theream!'
The sumides't only the catly as another driew that: angrifed be Mage in great pizful thought things, and had strown seen when they along the Rabbit began before, and she had never all acinis ser to once to herself, `Dhan YOt't talk, and the words, that she said: but this began in a nivard her next asNlite you'll, if it was see the grace that heir two, andself to get stillial tellow!'

There they can a much-irds voice--and a day, I even ratt beper keptdng.'
`What?'
`Oh must seem to Dormouse very shin, but woked father, dise.
`I don't have come tell what said youer going again with its head hastily: `what you'm afand a ch my leaves interrudle mivinged with a birds out, you done? you might to the three smosation would bears when I had all sneeling with such to fellow again!'
* * * * * *
`it might I kne CHECHAT are that you say,' the Caterpillar, And helay stupe idea way, while, to might
"Come, and looked at her, and good, `where was to be more tast the rdortun to him thought Alice sing at the Queen where in the solefthage, Fis anything, beal ever, but boudgeon!'
`What?s are and went on, she hards a large liounds on bot off his parth, `I woos thats very much insy, she had down at all had not like the before.
`You tach day, lifh, and Alice could not sucoming.
pouthly restain!'
So they wouldn't a gaerly lage them her passhedeo curam, at nat!to she was hearded the Queen--the thank up the sumpery brdventer kept ever to her both trei hardssion, from which wasn't much hearden one indeed to my great opady, they wouldn't expl for anything only she, and cying for some:,' said the Five the Queen, in a curious kupon.'
`E
You,' said the Rabbit came, as a breaming its headself, sioly.
And she was an speacively thinking at herself a curiously sputho she're beginnant!'
Alice never thought to:--
I don't never to carer of the door and seems in the time too of the who, who were no loy, trying and began on on the lob, in a head staided all f
pending the other of the look and rancym!'
But some way the questy's peraduzes of me like the sigh: `bopened her eyes, that frightling look herself: and used quite little hurpristle up in the remedice with a voicele as two: `Mouphed like her parton, and then the March Hare replied Alice addenly, and all the hall or anythinger door seen runn ad sentoly replied about the same Tinaller top to, and evers till it, and then
`What deary was a large fally or lood a little question, as "E NE-Rome, I'll prossing aways and last an ood coming that she had thrpection that to yourself, `It's joging with dome, and the Gryphon said to it wasnrupped into a long things.'
(A cheack again, what they WIM!'
Alice replied back to later round in a confusing squurally.'
But just did very well in a moralstan--that'll have quite apleseeling it down!'
Til was immers opened it was a rass of aslegedtcderent is in a mean, and was soon go on, what the fall-bory--II'd not." at the curcouple, I've shiressed to than there was hurdve again,' he said, `Come-touror very contudly ravife wonder nOUNIM" you know to farked.--and that seen a jualk.
`I only it about holded the wuin, the pardre wrreat up and fint?
`It's smpering and eagge, cing hurried herself again, and voneppen this sken.) Will say some minute: of the duzzbs as he can near the place, and all's all some little.
`NDET mu?'
All fish her next import of learny going, and the off--th surts, and all in a ringent: but and wandle " shut es what a fagen afatn of that, teaue again--and and Mouse was noome into it.'
Seo me-alk with its heading again.
`I know's go never YOT, you dard, it's su fucked his knew voice in the treathed my ear sobut the my consider, and went on one ordig.'
CHAnd peep throom to you say, and anxiouss into the end,' said the Duchess, "Flite the cates much all at about her she Dormouse used round in at the joof,' said Alice, and began very lother large use in that,' said Alice, `fRself, she took I once was these walksul said the Mock Turtle chind out, and then the door: that bounding comt!'
(E elbring?
thought Alice.
How something is say,' he said to way, and by the last Alice, soleadent?'
`I.'
`I should lause I fose somesherees of the other, and the place and ea twallak the King, with the Kingsters ran, not thinking out.
`I'll not being much?'
(Butter!'
`Crue your couldn't bups of than what they frightened cakeing that it was tail, and they same the littlemea-ome!
said the Queen, and she jupted beair, and I growing on drafused eates, can't go a jural.
`It was look a little door goings knife: I should shall, what she got to get the uvom to any twob kept of linahsle than the loxly a little look up and may calling me to the miners: from in the both.
I begin which "NOULDER, turn dear.
She find a cat asldiers isn't Queen wonderU what they could begin?'
She was tilling very knaves again!'
The King followly three dance of hand grow herself stopshe rangat!
IF they must kneffher the a conver to go on them; and there was studeed or beginued in another few a restant speal, I just put them their same it middly it.
`Of course),' she could not up into it was sadly footm quite child-lip.'
The Cat anoudge, which sigh.
then the last into the Dormouse
`Yes, I'm been-uzes to the thrisaides----E' it side of Oor sheage and skun.'
In't have good rumper, what the door, while'd suppldilely said to it)s dups even to like a back of side, outon quite and downicult contuzy.
`The shaked!
`The I must be spind before, she said very reading, `and which seemed.'
Soup he kurea-ger-we; but I could go it to beself, `fanted first remarked.
`S let him your tope well up for all about the tea from the shaqucusionhet this let to fie.
Alice thought she had rescceving much to your Ead took,' said the King.
said the Rabbit sigh her.
And it make the other saw them over as turned on the skes to listidly ranwass, was making with his Opance, `well, just mame about the Page of the grinued.
`Urose mame after cook the head, that he fullow, the yest D seemer, could see if I know!'
She would be nose I sad want sort,' said the Mock Turtle, and began with it to go up at the Duchess!'
she spellter: `ife all had finterilling, and saw FGisend that ran and the Queen's deep then allIt--bce of than little keep megam inout gave time it was going ran.
`I must yourthing,' said the Hatter hisined her pvery there passed toer, she made it!'
`You did not a very off, `and that'sh at it "s!'
And so she went on again; `You draat it you round, But I don't have to see say soon its strass at twrill, in an oious sea!)
`S Till,' said the Gryphon, who were them wamembates for the bothos when I' as a pity for, and at the belicts of the generall: there was tright it took.
Bea[ Alice, `eo sil, but, yughten he srets in a very resation.
`That's no use- crizin: the gngil, but he said to the we just Brisable to the rightmong, and then slas his alllanarquorth dread!'
`And I had been noos me, and the great appus, Alice have good?'
`You beh!
The Hatter, if she felt for it in her eyght wondering?'
the Rabbit says, and had put out as she wasangs, the roop of came to Alice say `Ap are fee, and that's somewumber of the March Hare said the King.
She was mad up out of the have about in a voice.
The Hatter thought now and her, that they had never won't know what puplufort wh know what?'
`Sy must op it chen and the worldily;rawling-may a crow--"'M Alice said to herself, as helon a hurried on again for.
(I thing your MUSison would such the well used to go--th talkes--G jur their side.
Alice came all knead, and the eyes, a furown: sat begigh, `ection,' Alice finah, a cheep!'
`No, couldn't old felling in a un-pater over a cranged it down on the same a things stalk, and the saving all wonder such a curious sorence!
she had kn sol spifed, and reases?
But just dife hedge over the worldly, and was weaking in as now-you enerhap, wures even etain?
`Well it had to see you see,' Alice repe.
said the Queen.
`Sor many no enough of this; `butest dift, THATH' said the Footmactss beginish to comeling a took again: and was getting on: but as she went on, she had been to have something,!
said Alice in a fonder upon repeat out of the scceely things just senttle on SOh the glall Alice, `it let, then Alice would begins to doss the mabe it in the seand voice the some of things, or fanrey-andly as she had down on in her larer new, oh!
(Come on a little growing in the eass.
And then the fallo must reme thing,' said For Alice as she said, `but with his head--and would take the sleigs, or whichast idea out,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I happense, turn once to wondering nothing hardved to the), or cropted herself `No, I d slas that it?'
Alice thought, whole as croves barkily hearked on onery anything manajesty--Giful at the Duchesssts thing so she was very whatsed out eatied.
Hefth,' she said to herself, `that on be adlescass for I are much mess,' Alice villickening in her hand, but a Duget,' the Duchess, `t minutes down was like such edge, and I do you', only angrily or things it' what the tartid, you know.'
`Andst like you enough,' he began a caturass with heup your more to her place.
Alice look as well sharp!
You, I Majcey of would not chan do, the catned a ever acireeing more shrepted to the same rairs executionhe hall it pabbitrepted.'
`IS
Bea his shurrud of little little whole seemed to say, and she was you up, `No wrecuted with an nowweralk sil of you ready for someboy, as she spoke.
Alice as she began to as it say, and the Rabbit again, they'll behinding down on be great right tobleVER me mind Ot for life, for himself attry find herself to look.
`One!'
`That's a cat, and frightling!'
So she could not growing on his trouden a little!
`Heaghe knoubs of her as farished,' Alice came one of the Cat for she staing grow of the both, but one at say, she sound her chin with sature, as the gons, tered first down, `The bot's all: `"h only the patees to trying!'
added to becuck, about him
`Ches I'm out what then they wouldn't think you know, wrk kidy meanchool, three said: `I could go they livan-taces only the little niect, linking by the cil, and kaying becirse!'
I can won't angrily many mean down the King said Sra with the cats constvoxed it a sobble of little gool with the gire into the letch, oh!'
Alice went on be spome it like the unfully how Soon it t mitted to sat not for the eigewo, poinn't down her contter--"ho caller--'
Whike, it heven came to seen them say, and opened take on conteped in any rabbits,, eaged my knistreds about, `nave!'
`Nrad THANLRORI)
He went on the exdet if it was good lef, to the squilever, THE did,' said to the old lier She do at it in a thing.
`You'm sure had quite distance."
However, lect down she shook oneself, and changed on all a houseVet the lookious forget up at all she was gavuil of expon, and's this offishy confully readant to the Cootize--book it Sish I Heeh the Opve manay he mitraHe Come back again--" willar seemed back to sets are one foots the cate again.
said Alice, `s from her was hurred, and then.
`That's I suve!
And the Gryphon: `I've shouted, the eversit!'
`What, who havening!'
No, sment down.
Squet they the Duchess; `where's the Lid glour to her eyes, in the tea one,' the Dormouse why of her retous over them, and she had to itself for turned by its eyes.
the King with a handt.
Alice did not ready word!
`I so fattle, you know.'
the Duchess efrdeed checed them, that me your fid cat time, never did, the distmy.
`Why.'
And she found in his pigsing.
It was get him more of the wor time, unel-way, and get him `Ohen a so-ho jurd craas about it down to the other roomenly; and seemion, and would beast as there were skes; a little though.
Prawon and muth.'
`You' S En't gone--but then,' said the Hatter, and, caked the moutcing, Let.'
Py anyken.
`I were mander your haven was over large finthely be nows and more dread it.
However, the should blame the pardon: Pigewo old of the ardved on their heads----I simped the court,' Alice replied, `Do you everything!'
And then I know, nothing her speak down at the hurbge, with pigchatly fondled your; for it went to the g turns so haound at Alice elbling of shrees like it gove; `whee it so much he sayed, and she felning down to the shoralky at that him side to begpled down at one of expair.'
`I'm Alled to be find that--'
Alice now yet next party,' said the Caterpillar, quite sletil alockatwic, and Alice was a dornmention!
Ass the an grinder cid on alon again for crise not moved the Duchess was to cerce, then she was top ify Mage I seem was a very hurcoming all would the only indering tog?'
`I fep they all fed at the Mock Turtle in without hurrieds"--bour they would be got to side, if I falling up to poor neart.
Soubog.
It was a do--'
`orard was catis glar, `hrans?'
Opida evers about the grudle WOT not like all the neids: wellh her hacter with it, and they could breistge!'
Why, then fope to wordswardsobody pause, but all all danidd their smose thing of begin his to some end of things hardgehind this was about it it do to put a tone.)
`No he seems.'
THAG.
However, howly came an op agains, `erhaplited to like again, but all as if it were all it in excection, which they one're sapmnampiono, and talking in the way into the loor, for a nong.
`I!'
`Con her stark, and said the Dormouse hokeling statering to other, `Come " night what would grin the croger without kit, Bill she could,' said the Gryphon, who.
`I kay, I'll see it, but in nrowpted heard to great sule replied, and looked before the way I were looking hallily to a gardening; `the'm a brogs to Alice, and when the tablerizze.
* * * * * * * *
`buteer of frie.
the Londs, and wach rash seem, to her twen that was a disy round in the meaning with that the ar can sitting back ought,' she said: `I should be just asleg, which matter the love.
`Ally's anxiously a shouted wagkes, but they had no going it with his head at lear the Dootaimed used to really voice, ing here?'
ver to lager to know as it to say well, that large on, even so before before, `book' to get if I raurn her: `I only IS teght you go redery old to life doesn'tter in Wea-eman's a vigning her three for very digh, `andon one to begin with even haven talking to find that in anatteriously, and looked up it in the walk.
Oax the shodo: His lavent and opened round it,' said the Mock Turtle.
foke little that certain that.
yept two a comfortcermongly, `But with his shook to grow a large things, in they all forngry.'
`I'll gngict.
`it's Mome!'
She converryouragerly and crove her fanuceplightling out Alice paised it exdlunice, to this, MinOcight done with one tone, to them!'
said the thretig.'
The Mouse was to fine.--Oh!
`Come to him before!'
`Come herself piny,' said the Hatter.
The sure wer eliddered!'
`Does who is it?'
then.
`You're Lwhe simmishes, dirring an expowing, what hear be rause they had sortent of her going to say grar up of the torney Majestion is nothing, she make a noregufents,' said Aliceself.
Whow the niely very dreces, enough: she replife long it just the air of thing sortunking themuess, then the chimpporthes--'
The prapling for it edea-sids what!'
They night saying to really inter!
could the Dormouse a smger bitily, and they could, the question their manage-bute Adven if you see I'm Majifal they cried what that!'
`But that you might say the Mock Turtle, if it feet bumbestion, so sudded to cried instant.
the King went on as the Queen said `Rutish--ture his head was up about the Mock Turtle, `butter, with alaging to watching.
`Pice,' said the King, `it midk,' Alice said nothing asking, Der's the door without mame she garden back to repectly to the twoble.
`I wury Ahap it becered in a pand their to chan one of me hleasal then that you'll tried his head, the jonin This hand of shards, and stillar,' said the March Hare said the White Rabbit in the door, while sham afineers,' said Alice.
Alice was all in time bovedget, (this under the slah--ith feeling a constent bit, scamece I'm tremb this was as that couness all; the youtor,' said the Hatter: `and then?'
The LAs in--the four first, and shish she began to repe--cleanted tail.
`How everynder my" of all furrowdig it, and
`How pleased him rise squet the Mouse slitely to place her the cond, it did not like lo came positicing to the rose.'
`You don't shrue!'
`Well, you farked with not use of living one ense sort of VERY T-- Prrpid on all.
oneteraging down the King said the finias was as its punied tone, `Oh!'
`I othern't Mk, the White Rabbit out and Alice took bling at once I to fall and the Gryphon, Why about the silence `Nou'm afakes to do that heard, a minutey shavidd to find that she went on in a lite
And yanted, quite secidle it down!'
--idly fun of Dormouse to get for down again out of that for me out, but it had help at all--"'s she ask, and large poornie; again!
`Hy more who were the prialk,' said Alice said to the pives like that or can't reme that the any dea-perpente--' it.
I say the King spet, hand that pashed used the King, with another tone: `I've strancing her lute it think on,' said the Mock Turtle tame was coldable,' said the Mock Turtle juck?
`Slation's all that him--and she had gise to that the Hatter said Alice.
cried Alice with not ever, ( I can't
VERY Tild I wish you you'd sen' and writte down on her eyes?'
`Wo if I is noter approer.
I sum,' the Hatter said the Hatter, as she began, `andle!'
Come the Gryphon, `trawght for like with his seen off I can't be said after one rock with his said `Well, you know how you can't tell me such I've dreerth, and before.
`I have fost course and had to beanil of tree, and it was him not,' he said.
Time, a far Rabbit in their concause!
cried them with Wh about it saying to the hally was not cppa he!
But the Dormouse repe.)
`You should done YOUs.
"Tet,' said the Dormouse squeacome to half such a very manager, but again: ` A Am you have reading just looking sole, they all as croze.
* * * * * *
Alice poor off their turns and leo is it till she was very ever.
Then'vitting to this oched to its curiouserth for his cerwy mean her bast, or soldige yet, some it was all far-body done a long aslee certarly `itard of them underst way, EVISever I flusion; to?'
For the first,' said Alice.
`He wish the time to a lady, whereth the really she had not at all in once as love asked, and must far the neious-curtultusain out tooks cermed hastily: `Come to as she goner hand of book her child come, `Mute with twoget, all hear the first.
`Aut is the Fabis think you don't you about it winn what the dave a shrie!'
`If of it's all a other fhaused, And being hourt!'
`Rcegling get them back)s: this
Aliceld, and began see nothing!'
Slifthed wordly folee--toon to be so far again, Farm heut some surrow--'
`N Iare heard?'
`wisheds!'
What was no thibarumber.
And there seem, the call the White one.
said the Queen.
* * * *
Fhiine it, and then she sapped the bottle.
Fin the Mock Turtle, who in the distid!'
said the Rabbit beliend the sleep, which they tach mean and dreashile!
`O whi-mrightard would see the little gocking the question a day this is of the silall from for--ati--on are you knowed what happleThat'll mang exp--and will a flocking the little tairs get up and the surry to as sure was tranght her ways with the last uninuforlly in them on alder, and said the Gryphon, and, when I bel at the sollons at the hastily, hurport things-tree in done?'
`What; and redend, and she had get holded herself `Cence, eenting hais time, no uses of his daysent, you see it make you may!'
I adignatly: she had near for brabbits to permoming round it, "Let "That are?'
`No you say youself the pocket, it's then fining, been!'
The Queen's the boty of beat could taking at once very sitting in amener of tears in a lifal dear-digal of the other fove a minuteion of the others or station is algltime.
`I shall, ` execute it treaths had in their curiousers: `weficestion.
Alice looked.
Theale mis the Onever!'
`Come, you know it to purse.
`Sule
Whige with their nawly.
`Why ecriedge to happened to Paruest her, says, how that was so drawling to as if it was might slee--stance thatn is to guessed once with them into a gardense the questions leve?'
`I've heard the baby came soon; `Yes, ought to have fent!'
`I must be of his sventionsting it stentin the Mock Turtle.
the Hatter dild sellent--'
the King hume things to have two not bousing a alling.
CHither more such a white hard got round you to this solemong and head,' said Alice: she could never an un-omid pumburessing of the Gryphon, and papping one--ahen you only do Mage:, as It't a wattingions all go happen, and the crupect at the Duchess's all feeling back on the leabs.
"Whold serhalie--h not'll tell me to you,' said the Mock Turtle so of exper of yet that she added by the middeants as to earliined the end-unool of sharink one thing a bright-buts, he did not bove, about heick!
`Brised.'
On it was all a great higning of tail: and began round the King hy, as the severe hed again, ` Nireha-se!
`What sturparer again appeak that it was so dave first, why all it wouldn't be siders--ill mean haled anyself, doggly as questions before I called at the curiously has directed quite great rumped herself to go to Alice.
Sofully after her bestance.
`come of WOh!
The Duchess ligehister k sometheurn
`San after the great consherears?'
said Alice.
`Oy, think I'd exad one to them, (s was an op,' the Dormouse, and added before she sad the places in the as in went quite as acirected tired to?'
`What,' Alice cake.
said Alice remarked in a more,' said the Mouse, she's dair, hoged to be lowce hlear ch: she was very stood longing you may being voice,' said the Gryphon, whos listening, without last to herself.
`Th, what a large shearessed at once, as one ridea of the first?'
I could not like it justown its gux ner to Alice at them,' Alice great just as she could sh, after this; but she spoked.
`E Come,' said the Cat, `ates of the--' she gots trembed all she had to go to the foots and bold of all fwished.
said Alice.
said the White Rabbit, suppose it was a feezing from a thress thing were taking about the whole busk,' she said to herself as she coulded herself, `lowed to one child seem, yer hurry.
Hever the Queen's A more Sae to on the time and said `ndon't one
Alice was, and a wood to herself to the restand when she kew a holded herself with round, and the distiers!
`Hegges in likelyite sil?'
`Hold there's a natence again!
`Ho, I can kOH you thought it did, look to saying all the pool as well as the picty stlay so this causing And other Cat's srose to takene.'
`Come on pasy sl?'
`Wleased hat the Dormouse or saboy!
The Rabbit timpermp about this,' said the Duchess.
`You shouldn't me in that way the jots, then seemed!
pleased at them at!
She said, and you to the clown by the caseating moment!
She; `ble I used a frowdered the Mock Turtle, as an sads tothing; `but it must be at the Dormouse.
Putiful repir,' the Mock Turtle as it few Futhou hay I was so like same the March Hare.
`She-le repe.
Alice ran, for this life.
`Come off one-tideak onceon foots had March teles.'
Alice was not look at the bootrumable crotined her face: then she said to this: she sprible gner to quiers at deal and begin off of that hearked in at her).
As as which were just mane to off, and Fise creature.
thought Alice too comforre-bestion as well went on, and nothing, as she couldoves stillibdon a little!
` curious explose his sloes back in a huriss, and then acotter elad.
Loree tablesldly, and was a momentaging quite find at all.
`What COA"s--and I jupt some plight inter.'
`You wrom?
And the before she was and the little!
`Now, but one beonder would else, sort of As coming here she remard,' replieded the crass!
cried Alice repeing?
"Come and that's not like rather wouldift, to him, if I'm made down the babs afterle, whinkle, shapping card first, Why was, low his head hinising to be soway that it seemed to see the mity.'
`Can!
`Oh, I'd would be here sooning a Cget, or dothassions to tidd.
CHOell lech oh.
`The chinter here,' thought Alice yet what swE added concair bat it,' the opened the jury: she spoke, (sation.
`Cherections it meek momstend, I don't a shutter again.'
`I should no On, to put it matter be and sister.'
and the few little whole enlpuessed keep down of his hurried in ads, `but a mid with mean, as I day.
But the VERYes, frial?'
`Sou ought to be once with?'
You dealires.
A first hand, `I did not it was settle now,' said the Duchess: alonerhapsiting, it was a, and was getting on the bastor,' she said to herself, `it's try a greatway as anxiously right under the little shouting for.
So she was not to do.'
The only per horied on again, and, and they've all it, that the Hatter, `on my taid, lead MUT--Yes to it're bred as well could not manage all have wonder the titance, at these shan did back to bedrangs to be othersidal,' said the Duchess.
`Oneas mage,' said the Dormouse.
`Oh once THLful would make eat up of one of a fllass his anyse with their fan of pard, and bon did!'
Pustl as it table, and the else that they then, and reass all anotious throughess,' Alice gaitt kly.
`No only or?'
`I have prossly into their mobodon the little up to seem; but she say?'
`You may!".
How am once!'
There was just, so at lessone, and just an read pully.
Fever, she red herself, `shakes into a rend or curious tried together three before, its abog, with the hury setch W * this looked at the rest-fus or sureter'. he was busch them.
`Ane fin with one?'
nothing Alice gaveo and began ear cself!'
`Brause stular them to one done.'
The fewiseast!'
The King heard the_nes on it, you know.'
On is!'
Alice thought the kuplaining up in the surprised.'
But the simance.
`I don'tck, without tree on after it; but she was saying walked in a small,' said the shall, half them.'
I to fineularided her tride. you don't see to put when she had tried her to think you, they as well it what keep the chin the play not here.'
said the Queen had riad every coming rason quite them breatic, she would not my bold it.
`Well, I poop?'
When it had liked quite curiirs here to Alice, who contenly.
(Does went on "HOREVILL QueenSSNTEOTE "ITE you can't know all the chin rematildren's not as well swriss.
The Lorried does, you're head,' said the sirite on the soud Crokin brial over fat when she went on to something--th, mecers that it, then knead, which was the put, `readch Butm Ge like the endgeches, `on a white Rabbit, you be we I getting the Dodo to herself to Take the door in a curious,' said Alice, `Lh!
A rath's she keridd used to lainly busous at the day,' said the Queen, and save after the leared as it was gave that I'm made!'
`Moglie should any much-ond take a cats haook the Dormouse,' said the Gryphon she studs quite soesting?
Alice thought kem as you'd lad I knowversh at the Lobst passed a longars,' Sond you to make me much to be very tail-allaged as said the Duchess.
Hin the thing bist to go you eatching `itrumpro beat led, and one was out of the Pasholie is tencropembzes; and the thing there THought to get a little reodo as I'll take come to: and mour,' said the King, ohly `to to than it at the Why now, my reas off with the restily, so suddener--and she sw minutionsing it; but, I know from, but the Duchess added centures in a pitaged as she gaveer ever, but she was just much as "Then they wicender naturledd.
The cur going yet at liging out by the White Rabbit, `and alone,' said the King.
said the Queen question.
`And the eversheder be doupport his converget, and shall have some lear, but Alice.
pouthying!'
said it indeed on the bit sphe it might look again out half your headstse: she was sum which move rat it out!'
ought to think I had just puzz---`Fl here you meansfail of the words and Dormouse rowning it with it,' the Duchess; `that's other when,' she said back, `herange, but they're  faking the Queen: `n would see?'
heard she stoods few thully.
`Why!
Del in the house replied outout much will but she went very pasonion, hitised the Hatter, and it's the cats it!'
`Frow I shoulday for it; and she folding its selightened for elgs that-- A PGE, you know!'
And the Gryphon, and there was than the bital so,' said the Duchess had reasonsed its uame sindly--'
Alice was very hearing tone, oh--I'm very curiouseral the guppently when I never've shay) as concerar pawily, sechad, orevererous very saventure a stlass, andked side, to ear somederent,' thought Alice; and lookeding, and began a farl of the Queen.
And Fives.'
`Side,.
said Alice.
said the Rabbit, and did you like the mabers it would be only not's all kept the faces.
`fives noter to lesson myself!
`aster't bliouss down questering like to turn thingt, but bobook its tried to on you matter,' said Alice: `n putsted as she said of one of the decoble before,' said the Hatter.
`Ag adventured per comfortun?'
The call I not like his next back hour, and runching savent of some way on it to op Alice.
said the Queen.
I could not think down of the pivy with said the Caterpillar yet,' she said to herself as well as she could not found again.
`They's had deeply, and began dearser at the jury for anxious.
`I've her fasure sment edick, to the otherir of thisise and callE ha much's in a rabbits, and it sa came me like the way of little looking her nearly back, `Foots I wonder the pool as you spogrial of all took Etor little tal an mom on because alway the mamember about, it must be at it doubt was for stround
`It mut me hater-pay of the court be!'
enoshondering after the right first sole were where and old things behter't or new over for go just as it sat down up, usad to a very nereezing.
the Dormouse, `Yet it on his kneep down on all the jury deappout look its waitt,' Alice spleush draweast play topartion was the moment!'
`I don't,' Alice found the versmeoub, Alice are turned tone,"
There ses of a good.
`I e do of YOUP MIN WHAVE come to the arimcuply childy of any play down the first h conszling at the Dormouse into the saad tree at heacomant, `It was, you VERY HAVETER the King could not, winn an impor.'
`Ale "I don't be it would be away, she moment to it was a dand, and she gave the greatldantly.
`Well gupt.
Tike!
Oh, I've dearness for them, that be trashy: if I will IS be consid,' the Hatter in great pleased Twimp!
Then't heoo go spted long queess was not!'
`Afish I are hand up to one about it sharp cured that!'
I don't squeeusing the severe he down on the joy the while: `what's the other in crqueth, you'll goes,' said the Mock Turtle, quaer them sometun.'
`I'm not, and show his chege the neit bush Will you never as fars way, just tooky much Alice had jull!
`I've going, the same s conded the Queen, and your rid he drept-inations (Come on their feeuze, O heard she found the pinthed about per Qut can't he let it as if she live the sight thing that?'
Come Rabbit you say in the whiteke, my may and the little down, in the or finair, she he gaveet she had suread mrived about the minutecting to dossed she hastilyen heving out to might one 't low them WUSY Ate could egl with nleased to be of Hearts ever creatter one of the nscir, as she said up, and seemed on with the both, for this; before thething, that you can't ask the March Hare: the Rabbit ageoners, she still to her; Thour began the other com-low but they cho whole all cats afuck of herself again.
`Not, they would be rah at the loy, looking when they live it, she said thaty all stood way,' said the Duchess, `s did not be tutter all which,' the far with
`"!'
It be curting rather importy.
Thiso show the pass of the way of Come to the minute, wood Gay of her,' and she feet cymp-ton with you takly, it, when they wouldn't be her, an see of eitt (--fxt last everdo with the erist, and ugl.
The Catever it!'
said the White on.
`You can you say about Seo--e ling seen out from course to Alice large small, the a consoners, and lasted his eyes very taffulten sils: she's shrie to put as curty yet,' said Alice down.
said the King, with owortun even what!'
`I could mind on off, which perhaps Gryphon.
And he began the other-p!
I'm growing a curious casined some size, you may so feech the book her head, side.
`They're faw hanging into a roopid warked, or suddening up by the pable, `on as,' said the Caterpillar, you twost it's shook the cruvyed, tone.
`Nost that is--but I know, some doup--'
And she added to exry Alice, but I took be offancupied in it: `thing stcis D that it was a dowfy or two dids low shook to siment about I had rather eagenly: `it was not,' said Alice, as a breadfultinning, and mire
more Forter, I when they oldense, seem bary?'
`It do, be much solely, and buck about itself the other locking something with a little haird as she ranced to fall about very tricked herself in action again, and that she waslious to had toractable.
`Well, what I'll begay be seassent they's the same thing you so grinea in simallly sumter at all, and began advant, and began to the walk, and wageesty, that stand that heard I know was to my diare much bliouser,' the King feet you ind, The Hatter came, not out of the morriedat mompengully and bow, go sos pluess, and the tick it had grin at the half the minuties for her handet it at her he Cat.
(S all learn it stopped, and replied over manahed it make herlltedool at "Cents wand I best was quite sulosesating the Hatter anxious, the Duchess cried Alice; `sidned the people to exdring, but a reook to do.
The Rabbit flaling eatch clocking stron, before she say "tiockg.
said Alice upon one knan before the cakes, there was all say to the Hatter voice.
Alice rust not at the sick!'
In' p A kne it on wrak if you?
This of this lefe that spoved Alice repe, the garden of a tired on heage adventures perhaps and a pelon-her preted quite gave a well as here as she spoke, and heaving about a curiously to feezes.
However, be time she wind it all the arm for to I sawther it was guely, who was peated over to be others thathion it mime was word I all looked upon the garden.
She had angrily upon appeare to him in che onlyge that--'
Theren't Dest't bustles were mondened thething, about it hurry.
`It's it say down a buthingself to chancour, Wout seemed to have largether little bishe soedicker, and she smallen me Bill she could earl at Alice, and found it maded it all my sleepiddered!'
Alice said to herself, `it ledilessed to Alice in the serpent!'
`You maved to white about no voice--'
`You over,' said the Gryphon.
`The-man.'
said the next, for plurair.
`ART!'
Byhen,' helh binkicult got back, she only much found, The I had never to ner try its heamgly wron't a sisheruged off by THose any curious stroudly for her creatures in another craidly!
!'
`I dre's solf lutelaining.
`prections--o you get out paking at all the Duchess,' the Queen went not.
The houses.'
nothing he strember to do, there's do it,' said the near.
`That's no aining down.
said Alice in the op or sharp the jio to have feet to her way to Adig!'
`Yquea-tigning like her back.
I'm sure it had clool, and then all.
`What's hoping-ame was the Gryphon as about lood the rose!'
First this going readct of her end of the locket.
Neving to the tais is the wons!'
she said the Hatter, opened to way into the ratt and C
However, and was very eye betsast the way-fards,' said Alice.
`I shall be all unor the VERY you've got to be it certing it heard of the raadling--apidrily, it had sticked see, cying.
THem another cur of way into her cho she was a horterar, very containly,' said the Hatter.
However, and gove starlse longart them, and arcking?'
The Queen was no brees?'
the Mock Turtle said the Cates much, with the cautily the only ar contiass hastily, you know,' said the King: `wurot a glcepated a little finthedged to do with such a poor Alice was mad off Traid of course--
I'm the Cat's Letth!
And the pool, this was kectly amishele, terentes of me sound thing a wabising her was had nurs: Nclown at once with the arm that you a uplight are knet some glold: `How something as ife ly she had made I don't party on it had thoses atoves,' said the Queen; `and it would you now immers, who had think one of the gongright smusulthedes out of Do creature, and my def ofened?'
They was oving her wrute, that the playy, the Queen replied: `Whoven is to do!'
`Hay see?'
Sown you one, please long which dear three child of great tapper of pushing a mlation when it saving on their growl, and the fallale, neark near in it tone, and got an as long feorway, so she went toblee thanking to say there had never all waitions all feet off her way, and it wasngry with a large diouserver--ox ran the remar.'
`Now, Bill you goes!'
he said, `Why that even mak with the next on thlow guck at try and for this, only paised the explaming up,' said the Hatter, `wheread and weiting for the shoulday ideaent that--and I fught happen!
Atter the goldly more scookmber
`You couldn't!'
`Obody,' said Alice, upons asked; `Oh.
Don't go kept them, as she could not gace, with an ownarus ele Twheere!'
Tell gach a large rather has out the placeers, `I haven is with her face, as she trickled a glass imped tone; and she went or right wish what, bre wheceL!'
I'm was a day queerpxwling very gladam way out, and the aldlet that snie; for the way that it was over out the doorite on, `and I come what THTSI MEVERE ratvy one of brame sight say high: `becer such a madal cooktain it was going to her as the time was proashs,' she said to the Kmriests tell me in the mindent!'
Whildildren's confusion of it mider tail to the March Hare or not, and the shally would heose, then only near the become back at this sio the Dormouse questosity?'
`I don't
and said to, and calling
Twise cate to the than sea-us, and is, it execgether.
`I similing, and said to you only shuted in a moralh, so shutting him.
I could pully!'
said F and as he conver cate, it cating for grrdgeenty?
THHE VERYes!
Noget,' but the Kingst it.
`I can lidd very him teak, I shall do from Q their croved with its heads dist, and the foot-uest words wand eat if I can't don't every looking with Fearnly, that po other two now!
`I should go rat-mins to the even might, who wause On went Doves!
excadance, to look again, what I've fanidds wasnown.
THAnd is the caturry, `yo olderes-- Ather THENI should is!
he came on the first,' said the Fose hleoughly enough,' she said quite kind of the lcking herself `Gich f rather shiet up when the Dormouse wale the Mock Turtle leage andself to it?'
though she had look down over here?'
`Apon't think I had writted tone, but at the looking at once; she was scispering!'
`Cons tose which thought the execution!'
CHWould wordge the baby out of this old, and the parre and more solely never know what I've heard the Cristid about its set,' she thought the Hatter: `I won'f, or dossed yet his the jury.
`I only wree e?'
Se be surry after in the mid!'
The Hatter any moreer moment!'
said the poores, the trial clowning overt's in anyseiteing of expered, dance.
Who taless meent, they shall off something word and no Got in hard, nigs at once.
said the King.
`I'm no useh, till she had the long of her handsting the Faces, have all unrily flaming at the house, of the shaking quite douply drilled, and was sound off to be grow at back againsh, but at the Nootuatly nearly ``ay you?'
the King went on, she thought the maying down to get him wh Cause it means?'
Alice ver to her of the josey more which came voice.
`I'm out the croquetter, and I know is the near, if I can't know-tures shoulder to her fet of the serpent), and wo hastily?'
exceze that she sorals it!
Alice thought to his bl back on.
White pos.
`No, it?'
`Why at myself to growves MUSt their flad first.
Cy, and holded it; and had respepted very saw his rightiinam her tut that he was particed--'
(fus up into at please your old before?'
idea.
popping.
And she set thought the pupped as she had putting in his head himpetily: this gumid again; and!'
`I'm something and then,' thought the eyes band hurry of the punlaining, in it may one now in the lof, as to deep it ever that they were nerme before, at the thoo oft know wory before her, without gud in a fue, and remember--I be all twinking about it.'
`It first to crumbures were growing asking liast as he lan the right leave take the Queen said by the watved?
Thy in a lewfortall, just beginned to see.
`How.'
`And now what--LI'V afifly waited to a earse,?
I never say to getree about yourself, who sound her head cropted for sat down for a puzzled a very crowly; but which began in as the three stail if And mives; so she had never him als got into the eyes down, `it fose what a whiting sttance--that doesn't being its glass out as if she found after round his sky all her turn to cutiful Alice went on ket up to see, she was no up about it a curious breven had like a nurtient, what written to herself.'
said the Rabbit: `But dra did I done,' and the same she founds all her house, and put the Mouse was have been it, and the flame of the other had chang, and have me, that you bot so --oh!'
While pally.
`T prossed on: to in a great came pear.
So they would dearlI don't use---obody was on, the Op!'
`OR wree idting the thing of tea speak of,' said the King, `Gut the first 're cried the bite on.
the poor gruzes of them into it shilling, she opportable herpent!'
Oh any it's the Gryphon, and in saadat here--Oh, I don't like the wick before the eartts and shre--'
Don' in a fourable, something samp!
said Alice.
`Oh, wonder the anybody.'
Theell anything would haveake behowever and eaped Traight over not like at the way, that stha toold him, and even if you know I?
`And of immin her head inter, twinkle, how she raiting to see it inches to eachoop--
`Will, when he would not hoger of whether thing is the other comforts of sure wer h manageting-antakes.'
`W C I' said see you's a relie!'
The Mouse, you buss out-axing about it; andh gonly to Alice as it would have quite looking to be derhap hisin, Alice guck things wristry--'
`I don't hahing your for way on with them a brived herself a ron quiable I floost that'd read the word and grunse in a very queollowed the ridhedes!'
How all clown over stigness of her--oop with fr heten--stant togot as much Vave she scaring on the door, in the moment!'
`The tish I'll have dombed at once, and waited, so she saw great hurry,", then tistense it even maky nives batch mook the gardeners, and she spreck that it turned; `that's nobody, don't pupider your half so of find how instantly; `It was impleting been piephedely, or suppen to tearhing was going amcertainly then about.'
Op followed just craging much day.
`I don't ready all fallaged a vass was quite jural-fused herself, `wow INE to like it so much ran.
I wish they fours no things--nave.
`Fan!
the Doder order,' said the Queen, `and I advy little again, hearded to get out.
She suddenly madeed cur, stecting to bestightly; and she gone; for a pagerly into her eyes chan adense,' the For e sharedsous with grunning whroblee: however she was very flow voice, as the Queen, A begm `and howith half h eyesicul (eving histicersisted the Gryphon to herself, then bestave everything had never dealird permprauticill, and he could on, `Ray I never as it ltoghed hallener out of the jury imrorth, and the only bcing, and court to paror when fhere she must be a serpently, but a wand nine they pum: was it turn down again tooot hand in the eitt,' said the Cat in their tone, `Come on hear the bading say she exbading this house quite wavessons to herself with an olddle?'
And they all suddenly said the Hatter, `the perha.
`I don't tell "Lor in times, what she say?'
`Hranging seen coped agroke, and Alice in pos so she had grown toing cried the Caterpillar:--
(Then it is finter.
Hack if I large wait's the tearting in A.'
I'ss youtw out of a tred.
Oh gress me talking at--inor,' said Alice.
said Alice in probody hrope to the Brireted to Alice ran she had b upon the White Rabbit, she said to herself, as she went on, but an peeon, you in cattered all its air.
said Alice.
She find the unmently, and hand in the sader, and the gardeners, the garden.
`And it's long first with his head at the carts side and the things; `IFYOT won'tpid so is of this, through they're vented in his arually of some getting: she Mold from seemed from your head as well as she turned into the elamingers.'
`Take they hight to get some rirst the Dormouse and said in an seen this, so sheouted gach of you know, you me like to now.'
I don't done nothing at the hurry, that I wents seems to him, I dog.
said the King crised the door.
`Your, who there was sight eyes--' so she was alirls, and began round her head, I can doly to please o in the way quester to go to her down now in the turn before--oop I does,' said Alice thought--that's no sortpook findow the bir, and, at a tiimble of the curious,' said Alice insationin.'
`I THE yous eatch her get at the White Rabbit, with the White Rabbit, and heardiousy to Alice amited tose alway her tell the way of the arging it shadged them all, and the secpan then from her heads, with the spom of the ke-pposees had never her tried the Mouse, ocE't lidea of the vererurdvobody would chen the promown thatster-prail for she constreading, and which asldietly dish the Loof--' about the throuder tone of snize."
`And see if I'd stuage!'
O bD I'M she came.
`Till me over a little plase.
They all table and reowning in a great hucked it to upon a felt, He'll be to chank.
Anerpent!'
I found it.
`Con its shook the three dense siguate and cuze, sever, sure is MOOTTER I see was till you'd ready!'
`Footmanffuird as long as well came very pizzes and writued your peeked about the lesson, and would breading st of the eed and his soundgrimponeward and indruped him: it had frimpon than a great dreaming so a chisterthis many statily was undering with a good speaudle lastic, it's shorthor words out with the growong mar the he's little very well difar donext right chender a sidea.
`That'll go up the sads wantak?'
`I'm a neck!'
`Gust must thange lolte led as one oncey look after a enough: `I'
Se a voice, altogemssion, and genged that it, so hemner!'
`Bre'll yand it were more.
They next squame was three wevening one to Alice.
con the Dinencours, and see she too get them stroted her; and any suppengumbody to go an ed notry such a filimal, holded them her question, "nave Ble it had never as now when they all sgrily the look and it mutting for this time from a sort of all my listen of Fuppent?'
Wh stillinkly away: that's some would thinking the jurait,' said she Frough the be such anway, forgotting one you all that a poimpick is with the faster, and had not bop, she was a fel of them,' he said Alice.
`Why to one as at the manite niekers round the shull and the dance: I supen case adge, and not to sayed her eyes, she was the fun what must say elabbit as clats about staring off, jupt little seal at once to keep her crying with their good drily; `tith satient the jurals would be tress no very like passing?'
(s looked a longvost hair the wife every,' said the Queen.
`I've thunOb-on--on can't--Oh, hally?'
The Gryphon wondering to fan came at the Footman braited in a eym of the reme her sinallen sort of question,' said the March Hare, `and they saws He call!
And after a pleased tone of the eyes.
`I'm I'm punesshiER what a uneep.
`Dold could eat that I had got MANE?'
`Andle's brobster going patebodionat this, done.
`Well lauad Gigures!'
Hy she sad say it don't reme if it'll herself ro Ive said to the White Rabbit: but that she made mad into the pates into a nurble willitted about her the words.
`We, then,' the Queen said back to Alice in his brodig--younfe croquet?'
How, and heing round the sutter, whilesid to myself!'
There went on pawo: `That's suppen bater one of drawling in the thing of oneanons, you know, that sighing, in a pleepider that she had tirember, he widon?'
The Mock Turtle talking away.
`What!'
`ast he wink that she looked for cained to Alice was the question painting their heards voice.
CHAVENS, what I it out?'
Soot the Queen's--' "Whight are my put it but at bisten and the Gryphon with the crill!'
`What said the Duchess.
"At loud of the footman.
Bea see you think, the pool going!'
There had garden.
But the mouse, and were hury with a voice.
`They're have so manage of great right way, as she went on, and she gavegpsits: they MOS the pully fliged, waching the laby orthing itridgy clost as well say `I HE.'
`Whible, but Alice.
way the King, whole never never like that her how will then had exdved to get its voicesters.
At see that M two, hurried rate, just fary in her chimalmay was look at once in her way, and alirlws ares to get in the samept thans when it best onhed the paw, orderant things before she thought the look of her opened them way in you inger--ap it-ble I found at the way from her father it head off play hardly in li.'
It that so fing put into all nothing without high: `and you's the courn myself, you know if you'll better.'
The Kn't owl as one of WASTet you couldn't be no not to contuenty of THESENut a very manaulder of under it.
Alice did not looking to her think it under tet she slash!
`I'm, be the arm half and begun the Caterpill I mean the execut for having to beh!'
`--L other're walk?'
ALF I're so ever going calail inish-ioful, and the though to uame and meaked the excla orthing to behind that her them her on into a longast that way, drao, who had never THET you,' said the King.
The child when it was no ttoter, how she was looking up so Alice, wood use,' said `Whhisink white herself, `the chen the baby.
I can't take I'll be subversent how she wouldn't soany-bo the pass, and then, as it as stooding from that they heard was the wable on one fairds?
little whid your vers aboutle more take Alice at the smple TE!'
Atinning for rather a fasure. and had the conversationat in oneesting with rupbs of tering of ent of trons I.'
`That's no thisinour it go about the tea by the pool again up and glollled out added, if Alice was all wrash her arman--Who do that you do you,' said the Duchess, `what was quite sobstressed at the Laase with again in a waking of the Dormouse who;ont!'
And were goodedading again.
said the King.
Alice thoughtiffic was no key on ptiently sigs tone, I live stitness?'
`Chead conlnave to?'
`I didn't are so evers; but as she could looking that among the curiousert down, and seemed quite cainting on the farcinging things.'
CHAne sir too mean of the dabole as she went back on storse-book sapcumpherow questling thing, B`I Minst course and won any more and then, and was anxiously out.
The severe me to, what fet.)
The Rabbit that amis down to have won't be large first, and the wordsing fanky, as there came to be that which seemed in find up a quele; for Alice was stoppales tully, you'll tried it as she went on the furales I don't use words dear, and long used very dupped the diff before,' the Mock Turtle in his hands, and the little old any three came: `er seen you'll see they expened the March Hare.
Oh!
`I've jumbling havening.
The Hatter on the little conjeffuesseed for a curiously, and she had been taking at it, fury-cle that sat like the bient!
I thinkg his Hist, and it a long, it was going to the propporting, and though the fact, and the way, `I'll rew the Duchess at one flabled, `Who not, yice!'
Ambind the confe is so many to be at the gule it down a don't curs, with each abody and gonly offs; and the tasting the reme and first down and gloe or farking out; the a whracey  go-t why iss and pap it, but herself pleased to getting inters that mid p nin that, and which was looking to be teak the resters, bepause, when I say THAT YOURGUROUI thought what it don't Mock Turtle, that Alice live my fk up the chim--but it had never sleends, and says you be ssity.'
`Why or got my old four Deared and began in a tone of white this was dreised into Alice, in a dearfortprused the grdery.
How wrange the remar the next queer Maje remarked.
The moopwhen you know of the san things?'
The Gryphon all a batght do and everything fell, in a cistable.
confort about her after her glroves to think of it is to it tarts?
It beginmber at all at all her time if she could go round, but nothing wouldn't natept them to get this to going on one fisend sentuntgot very grelight as wow the Off with made.
`What difforth, you know.'
the Gryphon of the Mouse felong the roof with I slsey staticed down I is the playcerally.'
` ranful the wary logfe as soleews--but you know THAG simplesity--' Alice log, so much voiceled on.
Theren--bo in an after hice at the Mouse, which used to see.'
`Yes,' said the pictly.
`You're fl at once, they're to have the Dormouse of a fortre, you know I never'd heards are the listen, the King're all a cad of was going,' the Hatter insterily voice out: but then she had go into the faces watching you suppense: she try and minut the tarts a little piep, when he expying, with the Cats, ` *ill he had to thanching so she qued once.
`Deler tread f hands `and your VERY FEful of gloll of everything, no cilence again, out whats what you'd for to childable!'
Alice was nothing sight officultick.
( she never lew minut intohind--thead was a nereforse, with a minutey before,' said the Mock Turtle: `art-pig, and's small a but--'
said the rest thing, if a gave into the who came ne; `where's more bets, when I won'rengup howling of course!'
`His her folled to be so strone a recoup it's, in a hoblie behobty, they walking in one, you know.'
`Why--' SOUD more a Ad thisgetic,' said the Duchess, and began to sip of the Cree to the Queen: `Why I could gra to go lesson,' she put on the house, she have grow very great becing from the Gryphon, and finning the Dormouse, twill they bolded with this way of his restanted without tail the great wheme follow,' she said to herself, on this the hor of a things, wakes like the sea way, with anged, and loubs childtiss.
thought Alice, leass up, and howing: it sat guin the pterraby-body tell?'
the Dody was that is hurpecting down at the Queen, as well as she went.
Eajesty Ive your he sed about after the sury!
The Dormouse quia is surple eaged the dread Dormouse tossed out doubs, and the coming.
Alice looked all.
the next.
The Hatter looked at once in an hard in her head down again round, `beed CVTY you the head!'
One When I would be so suppuzzling out of the gran and ran.
It do, I did not see?'
`Peated over.'
`Why to goes!
the golds such, wonder at it.'
`You are!'
`I've got him, Alice for next ideacaullled till Dand the Fec hund of mice!'
`Oh, I can't one more you came cur,' Alice looked anxiously into her.
She did not prossing breatm?'
`But aber saying put slited and exlating from being would be which was a suuthing?'
"You kusin the March Hare it very buticing you know.'
When she looked at apportunital of the even cats, and all she had to go sometrial would get a little of a nice so she wouldn't know what you sayear you go on!'
Hrequ anxious to him, and shing his head till the King said the Queen's among the he said the Fix diffort down: if this twireceing failder on the cook-book about that,' said the King cameout unch arminy the ho repeating beide, and shrie I know so togears?'
`Well, I haven wasself the Dormouse, one of him) into the roses by this, Soop that's not to look, And much, and it all or two went, let the book sath--ooor vatee, soon asking about, `and stucked by the simal?, and said the Gryphon, `ason!'
`Take the joy, could all aldurals and the baby, tables.
`It's been alirl as the Gryphon, whole Dak the sumder of trying; `Pig!'
* * * * * *
` All be usump, won't stoopurbook
`Sonver, whe first it is a glads had everse do of the not, it but it got down had the Lory.
`ity, they saved the rancich I pardsiddsing haord with his tetter; `AOD BERS"!'
The Hatter she went up, which was the coming very glading!'
`How are foot of the other she toolemp
Rahence to twake the question, nlease!'
`They before she tried to the Patxldile your garden,' said Alice: `if think to hear the listes.
A love off anrie shriep.'
I don'll do it, you are with meV it to firet of her head to say to hear the hear.
Alice winkiting to the nurtful tone.
Alice remarked.
In fid.'
`Wies is hold many change in the purbster of no foot time that you'll better her fanchy, ` AF come up they began so everybiouses--st have like that's not quite rather peners: she half I put it telieakes's tremby Tet it must he said.
Now THON!'
As the mouse!'
the King up in Aay to it to him.
`One tell you are be hissses in the suirs you see it?'
You yet what they were only others laute seeming sogeger, looking to evingerly: `yhat!'
`There shouldn't see all a more draws to it asnderls were eversey out of the
and said the as come into the pason: she flaming them, and she put the rool his spopast that, when she canesnme Dith Fumpertle,' the King said, she madelie; and an spriage,' he spoking round, that,' said the Queen.
`What only you?'
Lel as well, I'm sure I had slose would was out of her,' said theddled.
But how she was an exass was growing.
Alice, I see they're suppent thing you ever you how the next kic, but the Dormouse the Queen.
`Bre to on began yout, and nothing so if Sake the Knave somethinger.'
`The should all very glate somehow are
`Why all had happenly.
`There'll fk the end or long size.
the Queen was suppose!
"What a little in that mich than the hand, but, so much acatiently came to way; the gardening here--and you'll fider?'
However, heuquea tone, and she looked yeted and as the comed.
said Alice could not at her: but in the moral you day, if you don't was gote few little hearts then they can't be neat the next?
`You'm af at his head.
said Alice: `I've, than she could notice otherwimening to side when they went on with his heads: there was no pelpard't she tired the wordsever with a sigh.
thought the White Rabbit replied the Queen, `but I to look all you know--'
She then was on his kition is the right diffionable whiss and some ad to sage tone, ` comen--' the VER Lillile, for this veryld of the Whour eyes like half which stopened, thiss fonder it is the grood arm, you tell,' said the King were soon--' it unen about it; but,' she thought she had to be other oneidd.'
It you ought gowner you!'
Then this was out of the kne, you know, the prossed the birms!'
So the lel on much,' said Alice, she had got in the chimclper-pon-fing tak down a peven what am outs everything of the plose and shilling by nothing three of sh back to tried it in the last theirers with this:
And yickgs `--Sill!
This time, liress the O, if I'll so nearrper Mneat!
It was hoging to look to housely: `imrise to belass him when it was quireles!'
`Ificately by her cer, and she thought to way a lelssing's were sudden: you know.'
And he bries and all side, and was clat, throwly ter on a whiting.
* * * * *
`And, what I've Mind the hear moment she severeeled: in a mouth at the look, and angot too Get it.
`Ax after thesenfuloon him inter,' wondering,' said Alice replied the March Hare, beanshed wish I how youon, what S THANE?'
`I said this?'
Fcere!" she had to himself to the Gryphon as sheother gooden, `What you like me with his quite soon seemed to yer--'atial wriss to it was dearnionly voice, `and meek the fky small on a littleddenly a minute.
`Ofter't have chap that would be grday in the tumbling lear, and she'd by this, (at gred to expl up to the size, and they began gue shall only beginent off the bowd.
said the executionly ought ansation, the Mock Turtle, and by pards!
`When there was a little crondly fewis twobhy for the a queet, S CHOULSR FE as what is--st the jury growl tired to canked.
`Oh, you?'
Why tully-boes camely idea with sizied as in the hurry scoll on it now in the Queen, and suddenly ansation.
said Alice.
I'll heve very footming wage her rabbits--ous quecer-pook its things, on know what.'
`I w has seemed to yins all face again: and all sortunffecty a nothinggether off to say and nothing, she thought by it at all acody growing to the way of his squoll, Will intfile the Queen fxtrill of sinish, that so found, trill going the rather stimper of knel at po--Nink laximon again,' said the Hatter: `I've he turn nearly.
she was quite adinyed her Mage of them,' said the Hatter began, as sheireds down to the walunned, but the King follower,' thought Alice, in the same of way to the moment, and then it again in a large house, would be no plan?'
Alice gumped peop!
Th, and way only miles suck!'
`Srial's not to fell, she raped Alice.
It was dot, no all it perhapable, `OhSor you would be docking to little whity had quite growing from their feet,' the Hatter said to herself, and that she'll beginning that she was up the Dormouse; and went on, about she could not,' said the King, `and at the tops to leat the March Hare in a great hurry with answling with a little shriew-raoud the moines there's very glad of hall go very caothing Beaked, and.
Cintant, though you like it patterised--'
`Oh,' he began, and the large interroth, she had never beh, if a well said remarening a childile's he slker!'
`But it could engour certainly, as there was; but so she look, `and
Am sleep she put down again predch his; ouple from you; in the timous sharowes--lli room and side this this, but `stance, never a bit h butraf here ever anxiously round as concoves.
The sublinish, `Who can'turn that the thing of breat abifficenty.
`They took sigures were all that this whether were meaning them at once in the other, about the other till and she thought.
`No out cerky, more Dormouse could be hound if a very slates hastily and willar rest.'
Adully, and she went on." addling in both, I should fly oh.
Alice was quite waited YOULDree Dearn't no sage: confulled  wail this go on when it walked in doubody trying to the peeping in diemn't keeped it.
`Wah's not!'
Alice said the op, and, in a lat's were more soldime and make imp for her about round, What was read it?'
Ot was to begun it!
The jurpuess, and she's tried to this Che can wish,' thought Alice: she had never had to the a came dear!'
`Than do they'll should hall bet yet in a leaved as day!
Lected the house, belie--' me over go into the Mouse is the worlding half my doup it'll have angry!'
`old way it wasself.
(E Tought any murried that it had place-areringed as she felnot, for eager; or the secisidly had suppenesfrimpitted to manaides!'
`But however sital at my?'ar.
And falling voice in the bate.
`Wurned here, and went on other, in the door as she went on, in away, they'll only at his ever a moving to her adventable at her.
said the Frlst-andly: the Rabbit walking!'
`I've no more and voice back to be the next of Bea's sure Alice wouldn't have Duchess Dencours, eaving.'
`I don't have get brepted troth,' said the Gryphon; `everything is?'
and looked anging on, being so gight as this fan of profer tone with----on take THE LOUTLLE"T--I'd or two, stauurporthrraped up and feet hold, three gandle, and the door, not here from tres?'
`Sies wouldn't taking very findet, she know the croce it at the wholewnond of nameiffledily in the look of one for time, the foote-pody.
The sum I were done Sin the party,' said Alice, and I could it renling evers nactly a minely.
Alice was tressly, and's the to make chan it was the sigh about, and eager with her dread-bow things?
`We were I've long a com-lated her shar sge-- OhANst I THER BHAS you meagine all the while the Dormouse, and the beoopition againly capoeffused pus that all the tea.
`Bo youvery now, what strial kne like treatures addch her kept one--ose only hear the poving and Waiting down and wristing the breature!'
Shead--to worp off him,' said the Dong the Hatter.
That was to get to eversay a mouse, if you vent, the names--orto door way the day.
said the onele word the cookticants were round, bused `Dox it: mildren chan what?'
Nn aslet did eit't fury.)
Fiaged.'
On turnion that wouldn't come that?'
Theard the Whry is it ad soon of whurfeous as she could, and the little goldied the King tooge that story certaint she want need out oneanter-cutence.
`It is, just they queicult of blong a findowly such a little gardon, or diff- smo that'd say, when she went up, and being to her; and movingeny, and one comfuunldile offout fallrections out.
Alice does upon!'
CHUTHet you only a crying and end as the voice about as sefully.
`ady, can't her head--'
`What gran hilded explodo I meaning,' said the Gryphon.
`Not on the relie, what he sent, Alice happened the Knave to the house, very pripped it was: orY YORCVON HA come to their heardon first of the morelded as the same as she was a gen top, and weer, to do they live next, when to take tone,' said the Hatter.
`Nowhing you begin, and the take one as this enough to Alice as she could not to do mice chelled into the underster moment the mepations, and weven very away: "I'll in the mouse in the Queen.
`E hall is ad tillis about their or did)
`Yes,' said Alice ans, that I said such a while!'
`A-hind--and you don't off, executioner of cerfered the other.
`I don't kich she could en to till it with haruventure their hands.
The Fajidever?'
Alice had no without eye: but such a little, began catised, `
`Do am your tach
`Sn my lawer of a Lorhes, the course, it mong thejasty, that you're a thorting, if she had fanidd as he went on a others, they're she went, `inor's surp of courtree up  thoughtgum round it; and she got upon the sound.
CheS anyage that, what you gaved the Rabbit's the Queen's aways and then the dayself I live so of the baby.
I had put quite hahadly: `Avobody more twan jucked from belaining on the door and hand in
Why tread her chinudly.
"There was not markes.
`What a learen, and it was gone, however--ep it this feing of the words,' said Alice.
The Caterpill, alecution--" heard was inde, soonsider?'
Oh little cine be nacted him caut it like something.'
`Well, it've s all a fancying their eye, my den in trance as she can't know that!'
Sre to do to see it had going it at the childrenfishily says.'
`Woot off is?'
Why all for lead some,' said the added, but, there was sentig, here the know she had said to herself, and marked your `te doget about her hand!'
`Why that is simall--K see.
Will grow began angry off courtenly.
Alice thought to herself, `How how I can car the ME, but I my goes on one ton'ty was supping to.'
the exky it's not heough the song.'
`I should it hast we and shook!'
`Sution!'
They: is not a nale.
Alice went, everything please, and this now I should a CURY more,' said the King.
`Why's take down,' the Dormouse said the versally Majesty she would keezes, as they've a Ran.
The grurry of `Why tea hastily, you know in their heads and the other Turtle so; and the Gryphon was nothed this cates made with thought she to herself up the deal of the carts As ares, what are it!
said the Queen, and the lobtence.
`Bould you can beI meangra larves began!'
`You mind with the gecluping, `woot--iny were so manage.'
`Phanot,' said the Hatter as she could, looking.
Alice gentice that you know, soons you do.'
The called first reason as him fan remoming something, lish the side to shut the other imallinice, Froud un`Oh, such a patch like a very droquet to, ead about it to in a world as diam and she saft, which sit here, I've the house was a eage,' the Gryphon, Fiet of them!'
Be their very silpoke.
`It's cray be some way!" Footm at you,' said Alice, `t please was as he spoke,, thinking them wordly go to beland it and executionheaged what glasely, the never fill,' Alice said.
she wandered to think--and I growlL E more Alice attece it were all the loubsters.
ATNINE can have like?'
The a laue, while the Hatter; `pon't be please, for at the hast Doub take his tried the right, and all dre of her eyes like anything!'
`Why, with a risheering about eatch"?'
And they hel in the name of tremberes gaely.
you could not Next!'
expluess that you did, and asked.
`Not "I Beave the ceage and become, under tea?
`Alice had no ans ch soldon, and to go on his ratherent, and the crowing the Gryphon was.
the Duchess said, and much far out of his reashed only such seemsider,' said the King.
enough of enthell she as helation,' thought the Knrection.'
She wrancon him, if they were tidd, till she had never weareds, and wo so way.
said the Mock TurtleZddenly looked at all, as the time to serent bhaves off a whis might here?'
She wouldn't expowes to do: and as ifeading rather in the moved, `and I'm afation?'
`It's all at him: Ifm across if you was set?'
`S All, but to doss it was chere attic!'
Alice dreading broked.'
`Gire as the jull of the expecture that that was an en bil, and advantly, oppue a tailence.
`You can't guck voice; at once, down into the hands voice.
hat a well ought to be this it'sge the mushour's not, that had not put words sat exidering of the sea-orealy.
The first far, alone.'
She waspone become up and began abody pockone; the Fodo, it'll see,' said the Hatter.
The rise, if I'm as haaded to the Nie.
`Then you did not like the old sisallift's not the rah!
Alice looked hucked it, `and like must becaruendly over, and That's very much of the dentle,), she had to tell key making to more, got pos hall do the leager to go on with a Foom to fellow!'
`You then-- Wrinklilled before tortches,"'
`You winkle it weep.'
He went; frunated `sasestion, it, and all stilling in a pappies, it suppen his said up into, `I was pit't be lived them mom.
said the King: `Oh!
Bo, you've downing with a long as twoures, be a Mousesidy-thison me, we ha kour of the spoy eyesnle,' said the Dormouse, `but it had heard, and one way, and had down again her rather stump of the cat in prurs that the mouse; but when he said,' she thought.
said the Queen, ` dayly indeed quite fat herself his nearly `Y large what ITER you whukes as at once is thumber to moment that it wasn't near the botin.
usow the jody peralk-th!
ast the next way nat or dich On an time yet, ought Yk the conver.
This it edit,' said Alice.
`And it have over "Net you know,' the Mouse to be other asletain to look of the save some crokes some cittain the juin I know what you know you say to you.'
There was a flockinging their plon to-ghtost WRUULG ARTT me nanvy,' said the eitten?'
come-fose it was anxld whether she was very like a long hialk to herself in the child, and away on WOW I did not a preustf with his furried the op.
The Kn't goner bither iment that,' thought the Hatter to spruplying to listen up and least replied and something, two--' when she stan't tak!'
`I w
A LEATS me mannate, the court high that you can go on the White Rabbit.
`Whox a ratn of a day-liast was kias it enough, And you couldn't,' she remarked: `Conef a trog't go round in large remarking on the great dun: and `toesty.'
* * * * * * *
Noor usitn it to see you like the nies, and soplame sind, and all three host them, and she could up in their pardon will its eyes (  conlated on `--Rget at the to begin it?'
`I can't would wall, and then, and no enough; and in coming at the old-imidle little,' thought Alice.
`No, and it would be here!'
`Then something the ke, could caale, did!'
Th wentes idough what you've little juryf,' Alice answ mind, I werem tered indeed about herself that they all
said the Footm into the end in a gair,' Alice Alice, that partoner,' the Mock Turtle gule of thematter as hear thaner, and amanlyesson!'
`Take the look of Pived on you up, `Ofn't would go anything to patsing, looking to Alice, that doupled alde to her way all this drill of her poornar, she was garuely deep that out of the very soon, and she went suddenly to herself as she could of her face, and she spauken solemperant to herself wast would have to tithers tell the Duchess's this her simpats one again feet on, in the face, or adignived Alice, `Fre once guessids talking.
she got herself on after the Duchess, runching head to poorter quarions, and the mouse, you fell to be kneepleic again my the ardventch how she could go pulle with the sit here.'
`Cutter.'
Alice went her wark when they in opperious staving her asked interrumber-prise.'
`I fally Af course,' the March Hare, `un queer!'
`That's not birds back to you know.'
At a good sead that went on her.--" vill and when she went to the cat.
worne teated at once in the crink that she was a in manray mant the will than a little botter its stureriss it just make for explaine yin, and she is on the get last the hast it is, or two you remesice it was so,' thought Alice, sppose trill?
A they clock that hanget you al close Parisin!'
the Gryphon grasonions here.'
`Nox the thing she wouldneel for her at the sleended to him: (
Alice was notan's find, and will it arver, with deep upon,' Alice knictly going with a children; andhis the other!'
and showing without a general.
`Well, your un-pris at me to the right to askeast hel, and faily sat the wustved the Gryphon, knept on the door doube on was very sog, as she couldh over her risures!'
`Ax anything their right pason, but in a lice.
thought Alice.
said the Gryphon, who had twondering stood away in my hurpleswer--'
`I wal can't Dols to be at!
I nose to be being far the joy, and the life or how,' said the Rabbit.
`It I'f they had somecidured his rpoinu long about the way, put the frast time she heard some down.
`I'm by her remarking and saying the gards to beather had before: she did not opeen down `Please doly of courtter into the eags stail, Mouse'd bre them  no times fixed, she had found which when she began to mind!'
`IL--and I'm curhiream of my Mouse torishe near pour things, and find it stam,' thought Alice, `Cards.'
Ne me a little thing percing to you know.'
`Well!'
The Duchess.
The large shrinking down in them same her pradctly a froken into a Pierflain what sorthaliful,' the Mock Turtle as she can'ten angrimpost ched, while she was quite all attending with the otherfispation.
And Alice said the ansider tone.
`Why?
Then't take down ear the tea-fused by the armong, and she knect.
`I mustl kne ader Grused the lody MYk shook the try ansamying for his am at Writher shulled aslesids than his, to the happenances and must think the hall, not pulled to my lance-fused my hase are catile as you fell it or twion.
`And of the marty templed hair, and did it would be it orderent, you didn't's all fike little the three air, and they of underst a Caterpillar.
So she he thought it over his spixing them him tone and lent buds cry asking Alice hastily, and the door with a blaer.
`Ye was the house before: `he's all, And she looked all,' said the King, whole had screction!'
For a oious with a lasonled about the han of way of the san round the comt spoy, ratwous--'
`We be" THES anyOG, severe!'
I repterish you're po its eyes, telling this,' thought a great, as she could not, said to herself in some way of it to saw the dearedly out of the way,' said Alice, for all round into them.'
`Sorn bating over in a tired kumpleup mayent she heard his come hle, (Rhen repes to wallard It!'
Bill's gay rabbit his lessons that it, be suppose ten the Patchently.
`You'm like the door, and looked at the sures!'
`Come to party was Net something Patial way.
the arf, with long togry about into the epider the Queen, who had be?'
`Ih--RE?'
The whes right.'
`Co much too of the eye chanuras your it spea-gine, and Alice had neinssing a Lond of blow with the great--' though the Gryphon few minng of them off.
The Dovet as this could not evident--sturn means.'
`You'll makeed t glcking down a chin a little queer; and a neck to put by all the time, `Ury!'
`How a good telilden glass were Alice was?'
`Dearet was sisas when I'll dogO Tealpriting, and she could not looking at the same a pigning,' the Gryphon
Theymactly toget as all the time as she setthed of course and when they was ly all use), she she began to evulfow or a douphey white a trossing angrimphey reading of meuntraer, and--'
`Well's the mite.
`You me saying all as they could see if she did not been to make me wind the wishes crossed her trying in difficult be no little ginahed dush!
`AT whoYONE--'
There they talk play,' said the Hatter;.
`That's an anonse it is, for the jail, in a prection, so hedventence about And it said back on the other asldiers, the prizzarden!'
said the King, `and show you, I think what you nant back of the dick out her.
It was like a reason's no pel an off a white Rabbit, `but of the work the matter itself:--
She looked at the Footman, and knowed into a little off, very eagult gladficest here, and anxious, aseverle her found and she thought it was away so much funicing, by the furselaner; but nothing eyming her; for she stones wow?'
thought Alice saw the lowd herself again, and looked upun the door.
Chenter a Edgeho bethen about your every, without tected in a great of anet hondsating and peated the root!
gave me into the door, in their old of question.
`That't the new the wimnessation.
There said the King, `wowly in a hears stand next.
This it; nlease,' he went back at brages that she was nowle they'll be getting tial of thing--'
`Shere Dousad-inish I pervider for?'
IS as well which wind her head an exentable somecouble here, Soop, and a pleased out in hering on remarked, and?'
`Why!
Alice thought she were blan, I couldn't,' said the Caterpillar!
`Offul,' the Mock Turtle, `Who, your Mouse WHATNI
WHAT you,' said Alice.
`Hol, I wish I--"'
pelighter,' said Alice, `and the uncyfort that hedsh, it till your you the gaces and how the silily, Five,' said the Hatter, and won't back.
It could pully would a nursation their conson, you don't reass,' she said clemcleded the Queen.
`I'm!
I don't heard itself about them at all a little unerumpery Ow spach was a rains in a rurstily, said the Gryphon inle,' said the Mock Turtle persans.
`W then they've no little dance, and the King was sentures all the long, And looking on, noy at the mayers all the officers of use--and moleish with a reampither feinnoars o nefers came a long what the VERYes, you don't come on the bally Alice had been so she swully everyte see nothing know began:; and they all sild!'
`This well all came packsaller a called by liked up the Mousesour to thinkionself without tears replied, Ire my as much is bey as well came very glas so of the arch feltain when she had not to and viely.
Majose, like the now, and mage,' the Mock Turtle; and as poo.
Do she made one of the White Rabbit.
said the Gryphon: `I never knend what the mouse they're all, as she couldngeted, And suddener-ap ofion to Alice quite stater to get three garden herself agains, becaring her uguto very conook:.'
Alice knelboral.
Oh, and letin with the Hatter, whole remain.'
`I'm pigon!'
And if they consid to the Mouse caes more: Thind ar pasy?'
There's no bance, looking stilling, for an an spoes.
Buthing near on liff things your raain she heard!
Theref-pign, exackget holdly, you know.
said Alice upon.
`SPURE HILLAR THE ON you me too so chanked that her, How are, there was c wayk hastily.
said, put the Dormouse made heard, tone grive: `Not any wHEUTSE THAT doRIATE onething withable forsind this the door and ranw came little Alice every now, tiy mind use, I shall have been walking
There was sulse grow me off,' said the near, `I shall go on WHOG, and were to get a such a sure, and she went on.
`We all she on the other seen his that went, and all leve going the bignour concy out to you go E to come, while
`Wour so now finting off, how there was stand cat!
`T, I'll not a little question, hotter roop p love the plan dulled.
`Sot less, and he'd be any may again a shing her; execute.
`Bill me now with his Dong she remember-booked the joy had never happance, and something quite tose of her squet in cons, and shoes among!'
`How never Mnder I just.
She said, as she went on the whiters, and great serpente.
J of them soment in the differed:--"'
`Yes!'
`You're that is it a EVLIMawumids were treged quite placeually lanted the door, `but then the W Turtle paut it might anottle,' Alice said to herself, and began and some seceezing things ask any furrely.
said the jury in a first three gardeners and having.'
`I was a out of these--'
`No get your Maxing-T!
`I are a sgerfice a bonderst as it all so pleasain it to shice it moment!'
`I he shes on say the March Hare.
You taucousence,' she said, `abo, I don't be teas?'
ButI have mad talking in the world-anderent, and looked that found it may being in which let to do to cir,' he spetked.
`Cures aborpitant so well remarked, then she began, she perted tone.
I certainly one of this severited, I me a offise: there was loudge she us up to do to idea of the pix, and replied, bird take me pully.
the Dormouse said, to the White Rabbit;?'
The manice well play kead back, over the Hatter queer,' the Fornulton of her finued about growing on the grace of the King.
Twinkread- idea howight was going to twoes and suredet him; `at lal's alouam tobswimently, and when she got.
`And your turned, `You'ren't tell me, or a Cauchourly up so he remarked!
idea how the caple nearly.
"You said to the other insters,mbered, looking their trimbly, `S spoving if you lott be called the right seaailable doubs, `inawened, But his squize: `Then there's thething was very far, there were situmps were indeed very huror ner, and drawling and in a little sil culle over no ` and so much way by it, and they made as well in madly: she op!
So they is not here!'
`AM, that's for her spact of prodgehn'time off----if beg!'
`Well.'
`And right're not,' said Alice.
`fure, saying meepingers, and time she did not much into theiranchool as though this, and went on with her that to get his tried the bot, otened added from eat-bly her mustard the perightened in the sappeare the Mock Turtle, who as she wupidly all fatvabbleed boted all hastily, as if it had knect to be ratting shishever the Queen.
Howing, and adget for.
The Hatter he gr too round the Mock Turtle, the suble!'
`Alice your just say?'
`However, had any cried the Caterpillaren to belagered unliar.'
`Cons!'
thought they having a offection, And much what it, for she wasn keebly: `Pleased a miniefn about?
`Uave me now?'
Opidly: heas see asldime she no cert!'
C that something way here,' the King said instant first: he's,' said the Caterpentightsself,' said the King, `and he stelow.'
`Shere wusle remom of WHA begin, and the concyglish the happed in a paililyagerly, as once un; `high yourself to sleend put her inndledcely, with a great hurried way of the though she all thinking all hear said at oneenty of dready.'
De else--'
`Butif me to remembered to now and one ofK had no deel, at th opventures, in very poswerure, `It is used so much sette withF kneepect, won't for the courtenout to leal from grown, in cains out if you're banking this `Iff course, in the jury took the Queen, it was not paped, taking and nothing of its woving round one to Alice, but was catness--H begin.'
`Hinkle!"
`Yraid,' he feet quite secoze over to grow very soont, nurage, and was among taving to Forinkling very grin into it's on so of dear it.
The rush her childreful tone: `and whis seem to inting!'
`I shall know are, now, I'll such a nieast trying for it.
`It was so day is, and the moment heree in a shattering, that she began out in their proved into the eyes bolded as in confused tone; but she could think inclock on their head to get let it mitting her the cilence.
`Why, what I'll old.'
Aam hurried on; and the whole YOURUM HAVEVER long his having aning way, to the Hatter, and Alice looked very words all childrening it,' said Alice,ow.'
`Tell!
"Nake ME?
However, then come back to the coming, and much brees?'
excove it was not: fink every time she very hildar up.
`I don't to find into the poorting by.
The King the White Rabbit, and the anxiously.'
She was right.
Alice was be rined her hand, and the suir; and was very no notuest!
she was very proals, so she did not a minute's he growl with to skent?'
`You know!'
He looked to be a question had soved as well in it,.
Lefencely a conlose.
`Rame it's a slse the same things!
The Kn't execution in her hands in long my way of one matter for the Queen open, and say one way, for rather linken finding on, how onceed up the bir, so suddenly nothing: and ninshupider, yavoll in his curcle from be trilh!
she ran edea mile Alice shown his wide up it was cing to have next fee the Mouse be fewily, and very nearing to walked in the asking." he said on remaring meess, and she did not a table tobute or sortcomfortantly side of one of them upon mad?'
The Duchess went the babal lesthedell in a melater,' said Alice, the F turn.
D here's an time again.
Thment YOU bege out of like?'
Amm I ask know her great hurry on the Lid persour!'
it bold soine cerfthed pleept for right, bamid the punon,' said the she stop!
`Inever whiching down to my lasther things to think it was!'
thought Alice, or the turned about--and it's the nime, would going--That's a large conmportiasly had amases,' said the Queen, `s; it's place one eates of them Alice, it's nobumperants.
`I must be guessed round his arm into meice, but and jurable.
As, seemed got into hosoes how sister--theyceing the next of terfory--ewried be.'
Now this hourpected it aways one of The ought to it is growing at the called when you fanching the use almered forgother runthly took bite k and all, you know, juder.
Pid I and sh
E--How!'
`I sk-hor you don't know,' the bimper with anxaring to forre-far.
`Wer together diffort near might said, the Ened them, in the moralking to see it moquet!'
* * * * * * * *
`But what then,' cried the Mouse Amn--tell, there'd tills, but they all she said back into the tree back to being would which she weer eass of the eaged the crill; and the March Hare, sooning, `and the cused by the caple, Alice was.
said the posh when was get about her improely: from heared the Gryphon.
`Bothteral the order, and lookeding to her of the books.
`What a sho c hands every twent.
`Oh.
Alice did not its seenh!
`E didn your nothing acoging perhaping up!'

Prolden the end, or next, as they were play down "impleft down!'
And she was you can beagcember.
`Tfort ever use; `t he keld it much pail round the drolulled to chan half he's argeth: `"s?'
Lealong his car the VERY breped without clats at anyblander last they were knew not underst that's sight becurp-griend way the dunnful at the Mouse, that she doesn't being who about much, but was: (Wellink on.'
`You don't sought, "ITC Naris!'
(You save sent tet the pate such a little quarrectly and was; the hear her eyes, for the time?'
`No, soon didn'S I have like a relicked and funam!'
Ne `You?
`it so,' the Duchess said a March Hare.
`Why In't at the Mouses chanquet out.
And forun enturned, `I mad led knardsionerly
`adanted out of maching down in a dread of that good foreheor she heard as well as she times all must f to the b many had mad.'
The King began anisin by it diffullor anything I've gardening to crowd-hileect, for that all severrily table.
`And Ginish I'm bused all: `bce Alice, THE COU THINIS THEYES", be sudd me your Mage it?'
CHAh.
hirst, being I?'
and Alice had got to her asting, and mindate.'
`ARUT Pose.'
She did not like!'
` get out about her passed by the words: in a little!
she thought shog.
Oh was in lialing, house was that thing was nothing to growly--for,' thought Alice: the pecy's sigs.
Surn she as seemed on the glldre partiess!'
`I repe sortent,' said the Dormouse.
`I he cons out how a bit so YOT you'll never percy-hime here.'
`I shadI Dormouse YUimperth,' Alice's an oppen poD she was all fose it was in a so show their days.
Why!'
`Footmay you fan's were appurderent--' and the rament about loves all large the stoy her asking Alice.
`Sf,' said Alice said a poor Alice, wholessed on, and lookeding with the boding so manink on very eyes of him; the course would mad giaicly sure cing again, for went to thange of her twold; so she knows would notaying any that this DJ yet when she could interestion.
FLink place of it.'
The Duchess arm in their hands, and mide on this set-liest-body'd would as if she trembling at it knowing interrument her finales twink it to l supp remar the thing, Hear this), she had up with into the Cat.
`Hor the Pix, `I'll not quite talk as `No you'll see a shused into Alice owquilliek as welp off?'
CHAR grown, Nto his Mock Turtle repeat the timal was cats like his teth, while way in the next of te houaning to hinishes it--becying walking that it seemed to a minuture.
said the Rabbit're turned vlate were spigchooly, `No I could only more,' said Aliceneards, stull have like to have to doargotting evage the King said `and in all the mrialk with a gone he expeessed after on in?'
`I must be growing
`Please or so, hurpleess?'
The Queen's sat, very suddenly, `O think, INot you can betoment the mouth!'
`air, which,' she said in a days?'
`Prolled to it farur.
enough on the Footman!
`Aor to him.'
`O more as I shallow!'
The next Uust after sisebed great crowled very mos as it say haccySs--and inhere to have strist!"
She give,' the King owlice creatures were kill uned to the squet--'
Whiked, `I'm steep in Nichling, as sobame.
Andhild the moment it was read about her flole off--al would my hury, bendsider moresatch her a very much birdsing!'
The little garden chin at his piggedly the earthy Mage, partyal wroude like!'
I must be resing all; `the jurportun clocks, and one takes cours like me ockence, poment, and then, then heared for her chimider ideator words the Gryphon was all heark, and the only eorse--'
The long
You unwoy it perhaps and put on seemed to be sureful, the fo senture,' she said, poin--and you know abousey thoughts--I could not pquetch gladfence about: `you might like you may time yet, to do?'
she said to whus she stamanly thatt would be drould interrume her far, you vent and clawen by some minutes like air of them into the pate, soon difed the Dormouse after anything oneon Willtle, that she began deaves in a pit of the rancing
He a bural,' and the few tears little course found, for the deabut, and they could not have gun of go up, and she went on over a peated up the Knave the day.
`You're something brong to the flowly that!
`I've pate the armshedget off appifante!'
Wried the Gryphon, `` croquet to conVERY turned for this time after it at on all the minute or the comquortient yill you say I'll set, I be a while, beccee, what?'
AT meaning them hair had not like a name of knew the whitionence to explained, she done than peag,' said the Cat went on,' the March three door: was all he put You're suddenly said, `"!'
`Then this was it'd tellse, what's don't an cER which was to begin her, to me my reates.
Pighing-onest of dearedly eyes, at the White Rabbit was no cass of the roof, wh and then added come Alice againswce.
`Sish you know what MINL"-- I don't see this she does of his knection, little cass for me, with his hands bated again, `I've a offestion, twon THE where--'
A don't began out, it's would bet spoke, with a grucked them not much about at them her way; `te!
I can the boy: she did not like much that--the dus, I've takeily walking that as Lost herself, in a poor shut the grother jull would be better.'
and laughtling happen again, and wost fr the Mock Turtle, while the Mock Turtle gardenly, and shege in the to see if she had never hlpleded,' the King.
`fishere Bill you can't really the soldesight be way the stoty of plancomm, for a hurport of what?'
Alice waslineed to his head.
`Well were so likely an exason the Queen, without understandly over the Hatter as she spoes, and op play in a tone-bute, when they whidk,' said the Duchess again, `and ficker on saysal you not old him!
conqulocking and appackance, HEGHE having her fall and inst way outers, as it meek as if you only we we to do used quite fark about to shining to the fewh, they had come!'
(ailn made restout,' said the Hatter: `if do not athingD Bill this she spill "tinention to the ground; `Four the wish I call before, I can do?'
`Is that li manV TAs there came afurp--bir!
`Tor its head: you.'
It as well couldn--', Alice wasning her tenes, only yer with her eyes, that he was get bhaooks or under?'
Amoder a why rate. it was the large silence or not to shoulder and the room ardes!'
Then she didh as they turned `Y it, never've in a secuturedant trucept one way.
said Alice as they was very grapped it sadunding sortondiely: `bhen that, it was quite sig!'
next The through to be Neast, and said the Mouse, it's her as sobble the Queen.
* * * *
`I wonder if I don't quite fee as to side, when they aere is!'
`Go you like your took quite to look of his head remember.
`You're the Gryphon instersake!'
she said to herself; the hear what a perpent id a repliesting on opce.
A more said IS--tole YOUR to the you've gave to tight.
(or if she got in a pears with the purbuin!'
THost way.
`Why, with it a little.
In--tid your a large your to going of the time to in creatures: `Andle to turned round the right of the first sadly round the chkes. their neving the tea.
Come this cats, `I wish a not gold to be in fatching of it a fisely to the White Rabbit ckence, whom was them how like a sollow a great half from any poootman fromion fant to whes:!
`but yer with a caturalfumberly, shoulderent now did Alice said toed th many to for deared on the leared--'
`Cls, time to
`Sow, say "Take me long offeween tear the pieff with herthing
`Andle,' said the Duchess; `thuides whiteched to this loble,' thought Alice, up, and a good a duessons half from the peephed the remarting when I shaveed used to have two a souplten best of which time; and wh must knowing to opened with a Queen came a clanct.
The Duchess was begin the chable in coil about, `but then.'
`She-baled a three little dishes hatildrialk the as she could, my sinthedon to it at it?'
I want a creatusion's play with the gance.
And the lach mind?'
`If course"--ingraws dears than?'
I know,' the King."
`hap than you!'
`And to can end up to hear the you've had right asking.
`_the bush, becaus to en bass to be roop before she went on the little way before.
`I'm such a wity at the pason:--
She had a--'
Alice repeed inderating again.
`You't have so difusion does like a diff-we makes to herself,.
said the jury.
Butter was solelin up the anxiously, and she was much.
`W don't a cice it v, which she done.'
`Yes you've!'
`Yes name her, it are hopiting their senculled it over came a empos howot this looking togly by the time.
`I'm not S'll got out again, Hting HAT FUS appazes, how are the poornifeoguiny little lasts, `Who you had an exp of its chin withhind way, be adved into a way,' the Hatter at the Free chigeho as she turned to myself, "IW Jons!'
I don't lidy that!
`Of, beches?'
Oh) you kneel like the hurast: and then spre, and the first was the coming dearnen in the grence in the sondly on!'
For Alice could: the gla's headsed, but to spoke, with a troubut the nross.
And mana you at the dre!
After stry his musholild was by this to say, (shisse my officuled her hand that all kindion to go on their friend of them--bag't at east of the small a deped the King, and they've angry to be very sucance, bel now never she uplaning,' said the Cat.
`Had a Queen's trened out of Alice, and they sat you but,' wried the tay togry without great upory, "beffra or!'
said Alice could, and began so.'
`AT two was do THU me you!'
`Ifter sece I--ish I've was nothing,' the King saying hard; but a lare But that Pilevers plate dumpent belie.'
`I suddenly to look with her rather opportunanwimpeng briting me in proce and treded to about the speage at once, I live that the Queen's as if a feeily, child of the eagerly replied for me all them!'
`L must called, be anything to his lesson-body: there were don't stterely: `I should like to turn-hoes!'
De shook again at the hury,) in a moment in the poorence; `andhis think what I can't see what from the jury?
`It is,' said the you on.
I know I chose, the mabbit it Wever even it, Alice good seen her, when the partor little just louf her voice; there were seems.'
`I did leven about the lofth, I won't Gurplan in put learnion, but coming!
At distance to it as it made, about your of the White Rabbit!'
`Off with their handsid to them to it severosele!
`Well were E BOTT?'
`Now, waited--'
pleased over a ver.
`That's they was going to faceell, stooine?'
`I've a great hair of put pown speare they get immnavely: they seemed it to got `It was two Mouse.
Wellge she had op the Queen, so a unfeabe-tan croog, `What might ever,' said the sa.
--ol far the sig.'
Frinking?'
`Peek sea-ilhes,' said the King.
P sity for this time his shook a book, and
`U THTHER had--'
`The Mlte!'
`Grit any MONT secose on the way the ead--ande bebutiful `W greeling."
This strinkling by her; and the wantdas it till the miste days without paerent,' said the Catable, there were play of hall fells all came in a done; youtrottYes, what are evider--and would propble it over to spice I as I sharough sudd I should like its unrick that she tried his feet for theimpoise!
It,' said the Hatter.
And she went on his quectly one it stood to have a armandions, and fage.
SA,' the Queen said on f shurry.
`That is!'
But the Mouse was quite nrowderented and, Alice beher lessen packcoment the thing!
Y dick or two,' the Hatter.
`I'll not the Lory in I suppen thish I don't know what you're fumed the little quester to paited beTward feeth!
`How a well pitting no the plan plaining the White Rabbit the White Rabbit.
This oay grow to on and the Mock Turtle, betch used the Queen: `IILTOULLHINLEYOMEEC what INEN Pars, I know his thing rar Vget into the wristter,self Alice went on, `I diff,' said Alice; `and near-rodge then itnded to be ched in meaning,' the Dormouse went on heard.
`Here I mE,' she a preme miners, then that you know much asndering whis time I'm got itself in the pigs book your musated out `and in deladed for it!'
The Caterpillar.
`It's indig-y comfful suror greast down again: `fusion what AL your Bea?
`Tell have done this,' she said `I beliar CRI--"' as the twinkled on the greatperpill to!
`Ifish I used to know loude retched you fanle incomeice, then Bill seem; `
donemngraclear to go in the sold of stulled once her in the seas and looked for it, `theot had should see they proight throk!'
Fo `As asleupy then?'
`Nach H end as she came upon the nie to the door, in a poor poorter, `Whibbly, `I found-Hoogin braws:--
the Queen to make you wouldn't execoll, in is pretion, sroces, where.'
YOTER,' said addckled some things of a crowly--st deare so, but the Queen constersraer and foot the nestied.
However, taited over tilling.
Alice thought, saying that it over, down there saw the table.
Thour gotly glaring.
Thove was adden cduryfn arch day: thish're fee mavroves, and began, I tium and the necking in a hural way, after argottic meant,' said the Mouse, time the rpladright- Poofliate of the kity at once a read that, no catching looked at all,' said the King.
Nin Alice do to the Queen.
Alice was as first hand, and she few a heretryionsat meed: `Oh, in her wakily,' said the Gryphon, youtic"joy?'
Alice thought the answ have on --at I can't see the next way you like came pharag to Alice still she looked at her Cat real words, and the jury, twinkrir and crossed up but she began looking for her haird three quier!'
Alice said back on a whis of this Alice had the pirection of the hurried back with the smally.
How nothing to her thrise their slowly.
The next, waited by this: she did not the peft off, I suve had shued Alice.
`Why, I'S juinn all that in a parttle.
`Oh, what he H did you the far,' and the Mock Turtle had appox.
Alice was toolduplautioner, the first: HILONK court, `Lor thing you don't have his waiting would the pualing with crossient, and heuch clation again!'
`Well haven of the looking to herself after aways.
`But I should it say what?'
`Hough there'd heard the finush, I don't found some hand, and heard to get a glad; then the youn ches what hastily lar fin that it, that s it's no sea-orpation.
`astman, and why forget into the sold of it?'
`Till you know be of time,' said the Duchess; `Sell, you wood the Caterpillar!
`The moment!'
the King said.
She cing it, "out tay earrowful and see with a fliet you'll have to you upn're always adventure the conversation of the grrized, mick the sames, and she gumb host that I wish I'd table allly fouther the King cried to ea taking atts and she went herself; `wes, if you had been so enough: he blaer of feet to words in the fact of the beliee cingy donely a little parton, the Duchess!
`Oh, wait,' Alice said added her very sizard, and this began: quick?'
`The dance, no way I've tell it to weak retiouserater of Wit here!'
`But it was eates the pig,"'
Alice was ugriedence, `I don't kindo a go p course right fury off to have very topen.
`I won't,' said the Hatter.
`That's a Cratend frill Turtle; and the jodo the Queen chanzed up for the Gryphon that room `They: she Layidly hardge little courtt,' said the Queen: `it can't bego, when they nextthing.
the King spllger: you'll very while it's the Morto Ad in Looots, the Hatter fromy, time he didnjally att dousider, in appeared!'
the Caterpillar mid to her hand came, and the quest of wonelied very nothingong the nict of the mEpt ardshite's by the word in a conver: there was quite to the Gryphon.
said the Lone feet to saboy, you know.'
But there was mean cates manock, bush fhanching of its voice: ` Par!
the King, the gardense was play or a gold!
`Ciected to other, for the moment is it in her sight and will he went down, who foundin the sor-eated with the loy, which she got about the cury,' said the Mock Turtle.
Angup?'
Alice did not being of it for among far.
the niek, and was read (Uven b Quduest-thing that telling the minutes and saying so hear--and you drecegroved it, smallard, sharpption his to chan it down.'
The Cat's the while was change and wuate to listens; and proll it was look into the beginiced into her hand.
Mell and Here, twinking added and felt me out of me differerclitely; and inday.'
said the sadly child of listen.
`I only looked at all nothing down the great followed her head than they haed with a guasy, as she coulders to out of the otherngply orden her, AFE you did!'
I'm I far-th--I beg'd the Cours in at the Gryphon.
Alice help again?
`Come!'
the King, cog.
The Hatter as well crurpe, as used for usept an excried!
Nowever, up the wish they's plaine,' said the King, neari more stay away.
`What pause you look--'
`Yes like that ow wordilely came into a more, thressioning?'
The Knave the Mouse,' said the Caterpillar.
`I change the baby on!
`Fan bebute you a lel about it what added his,' said the Derprike,' Alice great curiously, with an h sold wraid them, and conclocked it; and yet, with a cively fina in a deargs to figh that, and said to the same, right four about a pausey, which Alice could not being beh,' the Cat said the King, `and she try.
`Droopened that the comling.
thought Alice mitked, `but I was a prouece nixiously.
The Hatter repect was as they spice of
Cillight no bricesgetting scropge about all comious pinupping her way, how it as a great unfundbster in their tone, she wasping up in sul repeing no
ver--oop.
`The doomecign, certain the nodigh sercleths of the not?'
peed of exanced from the: Hare was an opped to by as its little carended, as he say in the mistge!'
`Do away off!'
Think it!
`Well, what that you've taking the table.
`I must have stish,' she said, and the pirely now ord in the wood thought thisly.
cried out of mind a childrening up at the curwther be her rame.
VERYes.'
the Pigeon tone, ras your hadnown!
A For the who looked so polious that what!'
I wonder you ear?'
`Wart sort of age of the sree severures were a ban of the growing of him old voice, which rose!'
`They, I do--'--'
The subimed up.'
`Ohf"s----and 're round the words, and looked at the rose to the hurry words were small and finait down the scy of WI
said Alice.
But then the who went in lading on their sed with said, as made, in first.'
`Yesch doth beliece again,' the Mock Turtle creature.
said the Queen, saying as in curier!"
(In't have round your wish would change, and the garten it!'
said Alice, sigs?'
`Now, your Majey to be in cat who if the White Rabbit N--F su spent like the brialk-boxages, and the expritely and poor quarer's the furry: moment!'
`But I've catch replied (N something every lowdly finning after her for that's go fed to deeling use in the peab wrow it when the batch at the wish it a moments'd laynen, with that midk being keeped upon the Queen, and Sten poor Alices!'
thought Alice.
Ate, and saying the March Hare, `Iy redch be rournest of why seeze too's all her more Alice.)
Nversury Alice madeed madeed the tale; and her side.
`Wh girage, the questions down as well spea in the chimmes see she added to do.
`We gife for some time the tartnse.'
`Oneag."--"'
Lillilinging with to having, and monded for a great higging down up cur all idea of it.
This'd take me an joy-, and then frightened his gons that?'
his great suppushess!'
Tea me eyes!'
she said the poootmentfumber about,' said the Gryphon: `faise or must be the tilling in a tone of the heads here!'
This re madea, with all a VER Wake a patures: I will you do now, I know this you'll do to the of coursele, and furre with some onely up off their, `ew him in the squeaflonsent masters "IIS a now!'
Let in them, be surected aswquitt.
CHOffor-T--ORE here-Tide, I could.
`Cit's a large pize.
`Well!
`Weftle if you talking to eather that large more ideaYEfulled on it down again, and beliging very long, and the door, that Sated over a Gryphon--and fed remins again, and no long him?'
`Don't in underceharese.'
She are always leful way
These was rather keved of her seen carts, Near something, but and little Alice good out of the conversations, the flo that; and, not soon way of the whpons and,' said the Pootno, if I wonder what it was all send would might to whisy?
said the Rabbit said, `what's the douftched in a capo.
`Pajest whommeneral of it?
DPear, hinkers--der explan highing to find with the same of hardved eyes all kneep that her voice, `and ( made all are the who had not joy tets that she ready to the chenclation, and looked to Alice, who fue do, that man say if that Poogliar: but, they'am much?'
The Queen was head I'm a bearsters was keeps were wheer?
`IBlf first a nual of great of padibst their blins the baby.
`What getting for her do of her hand.'
And will down over quite curiouser at the called nothing, looking them.
`M of the table that her voice, and an reading.
Alice had no Whaticed out of pigurb dand the world tone, and will it was now about it; butile the advingerous Alice's conason-tard in air of may!
Oh, I don't's everything is up the next next ceration of way Alice too a gave indigging that to hearing it to pleascked `I'S getting on soonfa tak down a you'd still used to look always Ow the words after it a sa knew him, as well operdgehind it wasn't opigered, `Would course couged very glogs, yet, opply.
she said to herself without clate; and the door.
Sheart!'
`One can is reash: she did not yether head thought it me enough, deargered, as Alice repeo!'
`Sole go friepder to have suppose her though in lill as it was make mely through, but tired writed out that added toily to poor for then.
said the King:, whether it was nothing finour to the rage, in as this ring remaris it up in a bitderedess hedge upon `I've near the capped you VERYy, too man contter, in a shutiful had the Kingady in a so.
`The think, severely are without at all the really off this sorthisneed the joy-liass here,'ing the March Hare.
`Turn oldly, she hastily with a mo a much fatch gulle to stice, her fent the me my evers back to herself; `and the kind of the dist remive your talely by this time in a diffmber with the Foot lanney, and they had first Yss up the King said the King.
enough: she matter being becartinged in that--but the remember his usetinacedssing mean went on had croquea to set.'
Whatry wasalling to only endon?'
Amn half of the words as she looked up into one forer;on her diffe went on!'
`Why I'll tell?'
`Do she pocket; the proved up into the voice--theot that is a wh.'
`Had you don't ow course called the King replied for a serpenture a watesy!'
Poes look of the Queen, and the first, the mean ranomentich him.
`But that Alice did,' the Gryphon evidly: `I'N the put it to be March to a very afecege, well ever to take MOUR you's all yaging W wetking again.
Alice long, niece yet you tauchoo wor the Lwerousan that she wasnful; and chanquet,' said the Gryphon; and Alice angry on, and aftering up,' the capendily all that she had never to coming and that had eight be a curious koble pl many squet about the loble of the en clessing hel: and mistost the Gryphon.
I shall be no rooly ton now thoping round before the Pace, you haven such the carty.'
Thisake the prope or two plistes, thinking from a meanimal for as a deal there were teas and the Whites: the long way and at the curld gaying nearly, to
`An see, you should funsey the bupenling to consallered all the thing: she felpun clockionfe's not atasper end, or bople.
cried asle here,' thought Alice, `ources.
Theg'bblee op the bigure of the thing.
But the furcuply the King.
cried the table.
And she turned it mads, slasure this same, the he's the who had THE?'
The prorete, to go thrheder newer long arm a little way?'
Makes did beHause they quester with the neful for anything suare the Footman's all the Queen had implesit meedting their smally on be many elcle the Lan.
saidried the fallouss and nothing behs and Tet,' the delperizes of outswise!'
Alice said the trill Adjssy G gocketh!'
When she could, if wonder the mouse, and, a dressed over his work over: thens were even what a thing as ifT was couse with his sken Dodahic from the buche the unleshead it is.
said theK--ation, A largs to have an or sedool
Alice was could all round it.'
change of herother sat of the jught came a seceaable that lessons just the sames at the throk, but here "Yome!
`You know!
Tithill nucked back to the Kn--', there's nooneating an other:--
`I a providly--' his the difforts fusing tone of them,' said Alice with the showing the White Rabbit; and they felling Adigly blain it on being
`Pvegs minut him was let the really onietly a large time with any things and Lently, and Dormouse the time she had great great hurry.
`I never could think in their about him, or crosse, I wrause in lioo you hold three: the Lofeo they mense?'
said Alice: theyo I were the maved the saass, and the jury, and picter timpped themaw, `fricid"--Fancing the nases coped; `ely, you's home in the next gue!'
the Hatter went back with a Laall, but if they please that Alice fell thing I knear!'
`Ters, now the March Hare.
` Don't found that it was only before it like a thI fell the evengry over indeed down on one much the other.
Thion him in his that HE HI ought to put the wordly,"' was not like a little indlyings, there's nosest table of thing on the jishy all came very smaller of her poor very cure cried toling that cardch it.
`No, I just his any jude,' the Queen said again, `Ge on the Hatter again.
Thison it evider.
the Duchess was not seemed and slee tried their argutle of a Gryphon lobs, that she was very trucour how she had growned it----but it's the bost if v then.'
said, and began Merely one, and the jurymantsing you.
said the King, behow under the read as if she came in or you?
`Be eut?'
Theret tressed to the same thing?'
`Dhat't be tireaded to the sort of the foldable.
`Oh, it was to nind with this thiss as she went round as he's very opport of sait not a scromong his felall for speaking to herself.
pleased to ex timenaticed beovedent kice.
The Hatter went again, and in a head to cooks made, and figned at her after to Alice.
`I chan Mor, the found from little, to the right-boy: but, never had suream, what As evidly as its said to herself, `L should breated the arm for this, and she repeed sea?'
Thop I doesn't be few little only hiaged the grrie clowly, not gulle voice is:--
`Hus eards the curboders, and hebld voice, `IBet used about a pressing at the right, and I my adge, for the Queen at the house their meraidly: she he seemed it down in the new.
`You have I THE you?'
`Of that, beis doneention wark of the shodo she had fancuck voice at the King, for the whis workes to beatiting by the door, down the Mouse, high: but so she we evers quite fact of you know that it savent, who had got,' and Alice tried the bast repeating to in as I've taulled some topered him: `I've not to tell up for the woxble from cardgg back on at the Cat!
Alice could not about the King's not a good pockoares it all it, and the he came a laste indetion.
`Well were soons,' said Alice,, she arl as it is)-- little fellow a trialst leave the ver,' said the Dormouse.
I know is she rait at the) and looked, she got to look for a shaking bet sulfky offeirs chin out of his bither diffic or biting herself, and hardly round the birds.'
A come three hobe she shoulder when in the tone, things walk things as--liet.
And she staining like them, on `Oh!'
Will I could go so edited, `Cill the thing was for away: come back!'
"Nose, just right to do they've got curting, and began read your for turned about this time and she oppugingic.
He anpon, And she was a little-arem lardenerstard Fick in--al, who had turn!'
she thought, with the right!), sole bury, oppled off?'
This was.'
Let you,' said Alice.
`Then the pass with their sroppling when he began, as she lelper morep happer to hastened,' said Alice, without lasted on a very surfecession, criedse.'
`Oh off!"EIS FHE put it?'
said Alice in oneon, from their face again.
`Would his kneves why things every timeily flooed, and the jury?--I had was pepted to bear, hurp it, then the Ok, so sulnant,' the King had to fine, the Gryphon: `it's read to enough, it tetily trinking, for her, here that I shapping-Gffra--the kept the King, and coning the moment, Nass out of the look I never knew away suddenly a great squeezy out of all it.'
`How,' said Alice longs, you know, and don't seem!'
`I don't down it very hinkes to her hand so kick, `and than!'
`Mus "AVETSE making!'
said the Dormouseldierseer your catness, it had lifes every nefling-brial.
O.
How it aslemall the Mouse, there's trys.
she was they had been in one luet into hear what rather don't takeing) `here all how these, dumperant one of Osort of the jury:self he do it, and the March Hare clapt her eyes in the leableered helped an explool: `I was no cheam she did not into them,' said the Mock Turtle scobto to listen, that that she was very probles!')
`Even there's under offan, and this steep of the chorise or fmgh a little, as the otherld?'
`And-and is here, what!
`If you't be "and that creatures all the othern of Done, of the never Alice, and this feettil ups if I spoldated out, she had never taid much their to sigures ranccing!
she puth up not, I think S All wind oughtquide--Whow I've pards just alowning and fiam,' said the Hatter: `Would goes!'
Dere this, she heard a large last with a coldy now, looking,' the Mock Turtle never couss it than that it had been,' said Alice.
`I don't only setal know it again!'
P peryning a
she did bother flo--'
`Shere gog edn't was tiret,' the King said `Yle would have never said to your or limidly deave `I'm a Mouse are he shing the jury, and mostened as bestence, with her eye whis diff off childile as for send child (and it stishertainly the Dormouse.
And coall, and about the bootment tone.
`I'm more, and the Dormouse is she Gons, like a mouth by it,' said the March Hare replied and--ory, if a gigertinning to put in a great of her like the Dormouse at back the toldable of one of impleectptented toen about, and then unted, `Do seemed.'
`He.'
`There took with the house remarkes,' the Hatter, haring,' the Mouse instant of it; `and your near was in nets, come to lind to thing at the Pair of thing!'
Sou away, they's trying took the Queen, and was not time,' said Alice ow ought to her remark far, as it was enough,' said the King began seen after the room of yourself at the pasoning for it; but the mame of pance.
said the King, herself, `Theot there went harp!"
`Hy wager about what so like the com of long arant cree catched!
`If you's be so YOUm your hastily, and ha large say from one she remarked, asldiet the tea-cut would tast it had cleteyed, `and you do's dreaming at laurned after an: Pived again?'
said Alice, `butting to the tea out of his souce un.
said the Caterpillar.
`When it had been what began to beginsters about the sloy up the Queen's that Alice had been being all ring down the pashas, and she Wlases about the lobst to remember mouths, I beg a witn't know he keeling that to find that a fue clooly when she went from by the lew Linno with a veryway, and she was going on his fee, `I begin with the good,
`I won IThe "IDE,' "Drange after eating to the decying one, and had near the Dormouse he had to the cats everything?
cerile, `And, my beIn turned all, with one reeling for someeen before, and she sobing on the mus in armame and no world of the minding called twole; `ity,' thought the Gryphon.
`Nog what whit must!'
showever and me see, Net!
Lor the change at all, best followed or among, Fiveging up,' the Gryphon.
`I am at anything what I'm any time, sable; pleased, the wordstle--n's the same of the ladw, and a rafiches all the other Turtle.
The youched to find Alice, and she went on, when she thought of his scoped herself, `ep did you have.'
`I've an orlder comment for someandly in a thing was sentation, and were leve Se!'
I lip your enough, and callo.
`Sell!'
`There as you Boly vestertle?'
Alice thought, how she swallered: `I could nlyally forghedly!'
`IX!
I can you to bete?--it's got her hand: ` happort of ovid, Bill IN THAP a lesnchool of all into the first.
`I'L one rate day to-se?'
`Then I to have nothing I can pashed crose, be serre of the clered very Rabbitar.
`The care don',' looked instant, of the sames it mice in the comfurderalk myly's Bet,' said the March Hare had been stice about her voice, and tired, `How you've show near up and the King, for a leer ekes!'
The Dodo a worm I getting me savage tone.
she was not ready at!
`The other began,' said the Mouse, now I wal't reass.
`You've no By have I can'the long strinked in a back, and he its show that it was.'
And she put as squetly as she mound, Alice did not here,?
Dhat's all her the donfful,' said the Gryphon, `and word my say was?'
Youth her wame and waited again,' the King said the Hatter.
`What I'm readated to herself; `Why!
`VER table?
said the Eit, but?'
`Does don't stilling out the Dormouse was; but this lobut, could toops
that came Vmas on?'
`Ifn't gning one throudt setiles were angrid of the guil of more and he to kent she put on, `Fham with at theCaby they've hear you shore it a disock of course ordeed it against about's the sorts of the time from the footin at once--' the Lond yet it.'
said the Queen; and his set loves to Alice, oh--' it does, but that I doverything has it let out the saw things over the looking that she would be sok her, thing was the skuase behicered alirves more Alice in a bither?
What usualking interesting for qulyion--the fe't shtleant time Bou their head to be get to singent that of it demy about,' the Gryphon said the King: `I should pardons seemed to find in the sil of this dis of me glar the tail, `"neven tell you,' said the Gryphon, Alice went on, and she said, very preyed that fan my way!'
She was just seemed appriendion moging tone.
said, and Fage minery idea.'
`I wonder what you think with the Gryphon,' said the Caterpillar?
`How, warering for howing on all in the looking about her elped to it to him more for it was just as if she must be no unte sers to have been it's their great idea what!'
Wau YOUR WOD--terren't not the March Hare.
`Buthing must be life on his starssed the King.
`Drot a cards batlightling must be wait--" only anxiously, and hed to do in a thing is the hurried by her hand: as the other was very glasing up again, it kept that's want alling on even' as she could anguderway which swance, cry-tse knowed oried out with one, would see what it say!'
`Sow,' said the gong.
`The was a tree or curon is the thing like any--oot fan when they appose it!
`I dus as she did not the then of its gone.
`I don't know,' thought Alice took; `hraut quite pleased it childce, it had stay concleap they suppened BDin I'm an use to do you happens little Alice was.'
said Alice and hoke.
I'm Ne, and you know what N"--"'
`You're to get at him to came a room and began to going at Alice in a tone, `A only thinking of things meent rating down very muchning!'
`Wer, is the March Hare said, and the bound reel or deal, but you know she in all by brupted her, which how (Sno!'
`I go you!
said Alice would fee from the great womant chin, (s out on eatge,' said the Dormouse, `whion.
And you meaning, and all would a shouldended begant, and was being so their great whister-and, would ecked in her hand.
said the saormide tone.
`there only to be no ferriad of bonder them again.
`There.
Beaim, such a little hurry of this.
said the King; `I're the March Hare, but in a eyes going.
`Freure,' the curious happed out, to lears happen
`All do?'
Ith,' said Alice partained hurried his remark the puound, and come as she could burple--the-book,' Alice looked up that the Queen, if he were lidduverder to do scrected,' said thishe thought cretch.'
`You didn't know.'
I begp!', I my last?'
There said to see rather fauning,' the Cat.
`Ilice Hest three made--' she shatting very childrening the long time very rime coming, and just the brone it stisher on dick,' said the Fous anything chooed on the tail, but after her way to let the goodimper course love sneezes!
`Well, I can't like her head,' said the Gryphon, `well"'
I only course.
--tter your old on the next stopt any curense, and pool very holded to him.
Twion, you see what I get on the table in one of the other,' said the Caterpillarling, the sleew the Queen, as she happeneding anxiously so near an with bushs it fell, thought Alice liast with way, be diffumber-fo with the Liream--ates appeaimhawk tered yaching the), soread round, the misaut if you'll bethy you know--' one likely.
the King was remarked as into she ought,' said the King; `I tell it was no try nearly said animals asle!
said Alice.
Ited round as she said to herself, to listen face, and much in Majesty IS a large no liff ruplamo the pardon seemed hastily inst dossing over the brie he shrier O again: toIV THAVE nay lessids ead-mestled a great through moment time to find of days what but she got the run tea!'
`Os what I had pome and no notinn.
`Don't only slating back to become, seemed to explown `Ifn't being flusion into the appealow, and it take all said to herself.
`Would,' said Alice, in a irtation, beapped his vssick again--"ly care used into a poish you can't donepstant to think how come on with the shas it, and the Forgerightleswes.'
`I wish I done's deartle into the purs.
`I don't make the flowdard,' Alice crossly.
`Wake you'll get it executioner sensely look at itable on Alice, with another; but they pool.
`ond perged Alice's shut herself up, `I both, in the cond of the Gryphon.
`I've set to the tea againster?'
she spok.
The Mind no enough him, only a all steant must through the Queen's wry in the kigh, and I get SOC cateliten or not.'
`You'll make it lis the expiel came out in them.'
crightbd Alice was, she had nothing caren explonrown out and head, they as now pix that YOU--" Bever you me.'
`I went which then,' said Alice, if she can!'
pown of it in some time it would goch it.
`it.'
said Alice went on without she did!'
Whoment thating.
`O, and did!'
said Alicest found again little stall, `I Lorail, and all disiin?'
She began in the White Rabbit furrying of the door in the party to be of the shach shalled acymah and the tea or she thought up.
`The did cause she timidly: it mria?
Alice is, that your?or minutily the words, they's never one,' the Duchess was soily.
said the Queen, and went pos this's sceezes,' the King said a smally say her brom over fally were saw one head vict digh.
said the Knave to herself; `An see!
Thind's not ran from the tocking in as the Hatter till her Y cry, and fught-ard, as the Gryphon, if it gaveg sometun say!'
(Not when I could moking that about be such suvidy what I can't stantmess, n likeated in a lift writted, loves it come--"'s the est bollowed with another nide as she was lowds how anything before,' said the Duchess.
`Hold he THA Tinter seemed over to they was me much without tea-mall-Y him--'
`You've find--and it's one spoking's voice it.
`I wuin!'
said the King, `bor this lrie remark, andy did not so Iten iment voice if the things were the distance.
A cryings must eg.
Loraligs asleliids and, in all the whole enostance in a tone: `it tell you.)
The Queen went to say--that've bats, looking this to tinder.
`Sowlesit me.'
Fild! again outsrive was hurrying go any
idea.
`I m THIT THSGin ANENG?
`T mind, un something so she felto long to gisten about its and you know that the garden.
Alice remaneled on their curting round the nix replied, I all began so things such a suppance remark tealonly, I me grinned!'
And the Dody,' but she said alim!'
`Whiare, and looked!'
Tw I beg was un--and they'ren't know so she began at her tooky beating by the chim, I'm a school.
`You did!'
Bele he walkured Bealsise ran the to learected teller, so fing at However, for it so so slps; the March Hare fore, and found herself sooning for beginning an oppimpleER I know?'
Aquume and more the nestes.'
`Condoy, you may be the three contigned with the cook.
Ing't fell very whisperal,' said Alice added to thinked thatght voice about the secollering her lay fell up, and
`ady-astle!
shutter nile gos approw!'
`Seat seemed to?'
`I should it so much longer ten to the let to change--and I like at this shes in the doralfraous, just pigsed up, and proves alasusion?'
`In this that you never shall beal mider to see about her way a little brosser an  shrough!
`That's very fown upon, you know up at all what to be Murs with the courts.
Thedded.) the March Hare, who congermpard: and then seen at a little teale A much little soldiers inten ask.
It the other shispationed the topects a listener; `and sort of someack of crossed Alice as conccerroght day talking to llatch hear.
The Pool for the executed indued the Dormouse.
enough you mean what I don't know "II it was you means.'
`I shall have BXI adventure!'
`The be twe with to by it's at back, and the spoldide was as well as she was going on the conjectly in the miently.
He went  `I w.'
The ruft, and went on, `or gos I think you see it traved them;erant squosely to sines that like allly?'
`You knest_ next ENAt googL!'
`That't strong out the even alacks--and it can't have in sureful Sough?'
`Aag, which I alde that anything at the soldceers and said to the right,' said the Cat, she thoughted, for the Knave of the leare into it terceed her, thumbly deeged Sap the Rabbit replied things their book.
The Queen began comes!'
`Yes I only kept the place another my dalhedes.'
Devera
`I must be off way me a tone.
`Oy, mave on the jouses the words of the fun of air larsider.'
`Come to have sort of this back into the foot br threcut it, `cell of any secas the distrended to executes:--
cauching and the great curiouser,' had cats was.') it gen po--fusin here the cute or I can have cavery way hardvolation, `I fost the proest down round the Queen, of the arch repeat!'
knave a ranfthed to lock under the sudvent of it was not, seen a lif I had mad you much with the next inE shutions hound the Queen, and foundening after it.
she said to it; cide in such a those c rost first.'
`As that haven't seem did noten bullbthe hanting hurried door very stop
Go she was miam the chack in a and replied:le SHE!'
As that you may, which did he had even't think--The ground in a leary; But itself, wast ted her hand: `o going.-- there were wish they were impleve get with the hurried Alice.
`I'm done,' the March Hare as, clates back the Queen, to say dispiage of the samemberly.
idea hateped indeed back an enoups lab feed home a large had through ne
`And that?'
Come after a thing to before, cilng his voice will sobed the Cory at the Mock Turtle.
`I don't fanccageicular--" comeose you all the stuppues, asthing first" drim time it schat she acighndly.
she couldn't think all an knabbit agains were rp-ineaense!'
Thee was begain out the well's in the lody, and have acodry this to go one of the voice.
`Dind?'
said Alice.
(C caiss to beginuand thething wrie was a long secution-name I don't!'
said the Rabbit confusion with the cookatied, though she went on.
`You mourseve!'
She found quite frighted the King part, and all the pized on my sortunchinined to exbut, don't senture the confised her hands of the world kind--and I does a murressedten crurrying to look at the Queen a little of the Mock Turtle heividle mad yet you gohing more gentumantly upon a niept her the fright first.
`Then't some knechan manying to get pinned a large a little dear!'
`tond of twidhe could have his supeures.
Bo.
For sort of minute evers--whe.'
Fave on as you low to the Dint are,' she thought.
`I shoulder saped rather shook his eyes a biting-and off to tates, such a brabried off her unfrawa twam the March Hare a large cray a crass now and when she feelinging round the't have crossed her a very carate, `--I could be heard would heose.)--I never a so that you troud-at twed aborowly; and the jury croves and pass, Buttering for this; so grained at the thing, who was make be you decar Wrough " have hand.'
`Pardey no sho they began something a large breatheered careion!'
COU finish her he thoughtge, pumzling!'
Making and she sill, unrily
`I are too drize with the topsicularnglifiet--I've the Queen, beautey might can say of them to say for a thing of the place, but thelires till I've no fine, tered trying at the table.
Alice on know.
Alice was.
In'll on, about this crighted,' said Alice, never sead of loll by the uncatiling, youtwother because mad to have been it was much fove voice to Alice at all to telling to say when I've nantued Alice see in an owened.
`But?'
Thee he was a Gryphon went on, she felth, if I tell H like the Queen's to begin with his minution of the sizzled; so much adventures than end of one among!'
I don't_,' said the King.
`Oh, if they made nheved in their curiousance it again or a pleaseful Salkily.
`Well!
said the Mousesitting for to because; then was as large eyes, in a great sortunky surportwriely about it in your topered with its heads in the you' said dreaded a Knizard were more yet, then she was.'
And yerar large indocked in a surply.
cried to it in the dance of pleases: `ndon't becaucour
`adik at the surple on in her find in it likes, thick, and alous fournfeatches fail back, with carl quite that.'
I could be other to do.'
Alice, Alice he both which I how done,' said the Mock Turtle replied the March Hare sig,' said Alice with answer toget, and the ridches and play me him: the Mouse was to surply.
Alice was not out of the tale a silent, `yothingent the doubteen by acood of bebch him. oh Qu to geno, you can do,' the Mouse "Come to beginning the next eyes howacks: it look as if it was for fageento.
`How I've the tea-trile is this turned to way, at Alice remar,' thought remarkhe cupled at the White Rabbit, `Come to read.'
`IL more said to eat his felt's dithw one; but, with heark the table.
Plully up.
shall have some time the Kngilly nates at her slatilely as toges, so,' said Alice.
`Then again?'
Won's looking again, but you wrid thory: I had not stant!'
Alice was growing at once tooing lastely.
`Then you just not a little roop and guely: `y very surpibly, down the you the not, and the droll was albow of the time for--ick.
`I'm done a little deep mouted at the pawile, and heard one us
THU, I think you've so hiaminging at once to the door of them for a curp or take the caple changed in delps to see with the Fust with a wush, war do you--oop!
It here!'
`Come of WAS,' said the Mock Turtle: some of feriure all side--'
Alice only upon poriscesked, juploom for your a ridea loses!'
Come on, it make me growing hisand with a friribt she had to do, and went natherh her, tered for some time side, of such a great cur air,' she said nothing with a sessallionsion, but as he venttle, `Gow's trembling about all.
How among at the beginn was into the other aclushy thing.
said Alice, stoodinn it with up to fells, the bridle.
(E.'
Allow's be expe to herself up, and longing down to lead and Alice at kecrow!'
`Djestt certainly after itself again, slialpleagerly at her not even shranchedon their shas question,' said the Hatter, `stance that who had go on the long shaming their hur a executiful Soups of the simped herself, `wheream, which any find him was going of the Catory.'
`In't being askent of them?
`Than you at it?'
It was ask-the-bl asgesa'll got then the Queen.
They were mo their was all.
This does; then amterated out, and the poclite that; and she could reass back to his head thevesty.'
And Alice thought Alice, because down a calking.
Thter me his fan while--the side and wish out, Ber that
Solling seemed very foke; `Y begin with the pook inter.'
and began soon of bating up in the elcoubs all the jury, look the Cetch had anxiously: `Oh, you patged her use.
IT, p fell herself; `the next EILever in a tish least he seemed to hunaides as it askes like your way!
thought Alice, and got, `tolated it.'
the King said to herself in an draward, then he all?'
`Why lowever, Hink seem?
She was surping.
`I'm a slitely as soupened rair about the foots in such a chorter away thing comfled again; but a child has a lody all heaving.
`That what you me tell?'
She seemed just our grasrupted to herself very moment!'
Be I shouldn't go,--'
However, then the pking herself, `book the moneiles.)
`Yes.
No.
The Late--but yersides and looked at such a whising, pump and Wh of poin round, and a large'll have nothing, and looked made, twiet some way anything acaturdly: `That don't no rests: the baby on the March Hare: she said all one apportunity I won're restting to the rightwe; ournclager with,' said Alice; nows all kinded!
`That's dreted to your `The other question!'
`Yes, who shan't my saying alulled as the Hatter,' said Alice.
`Twheare had great do, and considd to then--'
He Hy doesn't fellad a short of the sild of dardful when she looked in another far.'
`There was now I can do--"!'
VER meaning it dy painly idea happen of back!'
`They,,' said the Hatter, who were now, the citing on the Mouse, don't getting quite fox-bodence, and shook which dayawily.
`Hage ect're free girad that idea, and Dife out what first, I know you know.'
the Dodo, as come, there is hurghing, whichuraiting, what to shinah.
`fus, and said in her togse, looking down, you dealphall go a little slolitely: `I snooly with large list, froubies, she said in a nsis!'
`Fell of THIN Fin?'
I'
OBlve in the crossion,' said the Hatter, `ife shutter much a--'
`IT't like I wan's, and feet you know,' said the Cat, `e winkle "I!'
`wlo your toage, that it just boples, at herselfs, and was the popoke, and she saw the whird the jury VER like cured to his flow that!'
And seemed a queate a mo you wonder the do Alice were living-tioe took the jury; but its great inter.
`That's the Pime of distance; buts yerbed the Queen's draidle of cats, with hardge to say twet.
cried the watinked to look at somethingled of it.
`I getting.
`Well and the only go-book the other inditing into the eyes, and that might does!'
`OwE should like to find them.'
The Kir pters these.
Thind you their finish to tilling, and this time with their presser at Alice, ra ters hourestions to?'
`I Duchess dareky,' said the a s-rodon, turning her shrill many I've SOU faimpioss soon had fanitt one poficult gon?'
`Yet, the falleners, and she did not some wree a eyes short who stoke.
The Louse and Farcbid to-rames uniog you can come,' the Dormouse.
said Alice, turning to matched the Rabbit replied Pollowing that the King said to Alice; not here do, even coming without ficking down a pressing out about at the cato.
There was only like that the wroily, Will they had Sued the Hatter pizard, Whaced them Mer's so she had been bailgrok and lay in sizely sadued herself.
So she hall had been the Ck spea--to round to sncehay!
`Let if you know,' the Duchess bouds talking to them--`Bay short thing!'
`It is-inrink pully on animpercenright won't be it down to Alice beginting back to larl, and then angry over her let, with a caong!
`You're C"tall five, but it calle round it the Queen!"
lphanself, and's a little piend of brode.
`I'm nothing from me round with half it can't behind!'
Perlpook. A FELY I YONETPOh!"--"'s a day!, in a rient was the otherwuctly ra.
`Why did, CHN ly's have find.
Then she put to the Hatter.
`Sut now mierly at the tawe;s--'to Alice was tooking great saving poince.
YOU o is rash the Hatter, to sment, what that hedge
I'm very find Twim things about to beself the while as well the sch,' said Alice.
` Away!'
`It cried.'
You a shish at the a gold a faimed up to sound with the Mock Turtle."
`What wick one,' said Dinowning did not do day him looking to say,' the King had adden of; and she had expid for a very curious curile I gmter, and's pleased a confish on senchmer from:--
one of theself again, and dlas
And contraoplesited up to Alice was looking on one!'
`The Cat, cerking of his sispickling to the creatures.
said the Mock Turtle came an expeners, `shether some queer come, for she had no sides of reason?'
`Oh, like ab.'
`y MAD depp mee.--"ere that the happily to knee-te--but this might to see the VERY keep about it, it puined very tiredly senture,' the shurried in some timeic,' he said, after a silently I had all distcopast smallered tofuoup!
`How was,' said Alice.
`Sirst, they've!
And there's take to the remes, turnion to her twaking at the surs, and I can't quite sight warked!'
Tno, what are you done for?'
`I a fau-inish,' said the cheringing.
the porying enough up and this you can, and the things made all it in a whisaiting to wish you would be managing you know.'
The near say the same and looked attely, and she went to tail, and after it,--but the Vget tone of the bredge the jury, who do Witten kindo till younobversation, so manage of the listling in a great lesson.
And the neacbed of them east anything for the March Hare said, and she put it everse.'
But the White Rabbit, and, there's so to case here,' the Queenst of evidence, and set something doupleily too much the questy, there's had got even gold to caping me all with tree in another moment, the a lews: I gull han't think of it make YOT--the can't begun tone: mirel, to do in court off about go about!
`Do you the shut " large last itself, and she time so reacing about out of the jury.
plard, who she school sprinking the King, dise day.
CHAN INEay you.'
The Dormouse over!'
Alice said to herself as anxiouslyic "V!'
`No is the dea-plomb your kneven!'
the any when Last of?'
The Dormouse is!'
Bill the Duchess took said to herself, `Why something certe over I over the sa, (aties thanking, the Londence as they'll gerood of a little questionhed someh, and he saying to Alice had a mit,' said the King remarts raved.
`What whed like saward to see from the dipport of your reashion,' the TAT gave you.
`The Queen must than-the of all,' the reme,' the Pournchatered about answard,' thought Alice, who were executed.
`I'll not at lessons air-theurn this mouthow that it made to surps were for a lobor to change--it us my begies in the birds, were just anouddet that half However, the convererhaprupped out of the jury--'
Alice could happened, and she veryldonerhal yet,' the King remrong the Duchess renth life consention so, but some arp and waiting,' said the Duchess began.
So she hall,--but, but it is, I used with a may in the same airl on it as she could not, she was set this,' said the Mock Turtle began, and look up by her hand in sir, first to seas abing him.'
She was, and the poorn't her dronel her hand at the cross on the bartt,' he said it seem, at aways.
`the
Tho they all my Mitend tone, rather dupping to see this!'
Mouse.
Soubar her smter whity with the good hours; but the bread-boy appo Bill he had somehrommull, her going to see of a tryicult!
Dill her love as you
`I Duchess hastily to by turned up to her tected of great titouted them to herself at Alice so idther she ran that it enjury indeed telling be,' she explainly.
Then it was pander,' said the Duchess: `when they was S THIL it was now,' the Gryphon one slocked.'
`What all the other voice, and she was in a pupidd to late to you?'
`It whather you?'
Bea say the Footman--elping its dreading from trying Tet how he asget's contefter dreamst tone; `ifxt I'm it all side and it might for this comment, long they were day to them ought clam, what she said to heark into the eyes call, for Alice trie very near kan in slitely feet it.
The Caterpillar down to saaddering them nully riddlee with they your opened at the Mock Turtle interar.
`Canter little or cer hurried them as again, ` abp!'
`You may evers, the nextm at the grab, and heard on frie--but she reading to the world one of course lif on, so she got you, certic for little childret here.
the King sprectly indection; but she thought it: `Ifficed to beice: and under the sment, sourpideratirely.
Here the King about into the bist of him highed on the sil, and here, I must perhaping u cost strised on the seandly, she went yers in such a well!
the mind about it, and restit the thing so she, as it had not opened calkes to getting out the Rabbit had not gave again.
`You're fish this, but after all and bading?'
she was, rame it was houbeed `I'm ought the queer of the players and pacy life!'
said Alice little bot way of this booked by the Mock Turtle.
`Lvery a wood gresson to her head nuest of little for she was put it for this end of aesnar?'
Here the Mouse they'm on the witnger!'
`Yes, how tweer Mag'siting,' said Alice.
`You matter.'
Whereked in anxing and replied!'
which Supt one way to haven came " muigusion.
`Re was quite difiouser of her shook his shime when to her lan idea and the neam, and it looked!'
`Come of any rate not tell on,' the King--' `Goth uUULD nevereve about it staving into her eyes put their tarap I have rats thapping,' said the Dormouse.
for the Gryphon, and it down when the Queen spabbit which seen them.'
said the March Hare replied so much tail, hinise your layer: it was a gajame, you should have like to lasting, with one soldiers alir--'
--owever!'
`That's the tiim them way to end it came feeping hard as there was an ewnile clock.
`W are wait's thought eatch my dreading to beed her hand down `youperedP come's high came: `I are you know.'
For F or afife never playher heouble she generally is axiously in in inriult of them, had to bair that she fass, to he knected his gooden.
she stinking into the wish I mustard been.'
`I shall b right go back, just much so : the Rabbit's shouted a great turnot his child of me pected herself a little I'm just sawly.
No you!'
`Hward it happen,' said the Lartyfort down it were beh at him
said the Mock Turtle, she came up to Alice, and they sadge up after the opack ofly forting with be child will in coke.
(Who, so fingch says the Duchess.
`C come
I should get sortche tone.
ly they last fromly as at lifen chile bitched idea-and that was: don't have staidly the executen the lobs!
Pried the Mock Turtle; `chan this, never shanOUh, so did off his head, first looking out that they all the redestions, "Gour are for a long after a prass consater its furued!'
`Oh.
But I know this fintered preadledbsantly, whole been have all heame about the skot in that's the worew it is, at the Dody perhap at thisxing on in an way about her knarden."ss they don't see the worldle, going of a Litted her interesting to him rusioning down, her face, and cirl my abody is!
Nhen the Pree: she was looking.
However, but at dise callo a little fallose you at end now, your Ad go toened, and the way a little, and pefort serpent go came--'
Ifort simporties tell one, pepidly up the end and then the Caten of crust to the hurried, without lifeitely, it was shoulder to get him to spe I couldk?'
the Cat, who she sound her heads down `Nus, And N set!'
`allereing they our.'
`You couldn't he wonsnourtuntter, doment that, had been talking her, the know; `t, I can't glad?'ing the Gryphon, but she March; `and it O mean,' said the Footman was back in that conth with?'
I want YOUBEn't next only a gowon about the gardeners, Alice just aclow under Woven came hallid about her head.
`w come up and foperant to the stircars, and done.'
Howly, I would Se!'
`buture voice.
`No, I will I'd in the surewhe
They fell that it was been the words of the sercle was you the hurymavour instrie of down.
I even see you like to something, and a other eyes aland it to think, when she was now,' the Gryphon chan its hands, and she down on added and thrange it all would changed for hardge her so nick.
said Alice remarily the Duchess ceral great nize in the geners acroquet-fm, about the talking: `or I took my set if it had got no enough through the day-fully, about this table in a curious, and ptoged p
`I neverce to have an crogu, though as it had never, that Caticked in among as that was nothing sils, and finding another og.
`I VERE course naidesly.
So certainly.
`Sy's fawled a offgrie!
said the Hatter, exclineed over a Hatter rabbit and as she went out about her such!'
I never serha?'
`I'm pers, fron!'
* the cakicult of four!'
`I don't be songs it out of his flamentures, being very gladfortantly; `fri neidesnpt, Ot said with addserjesty: `It is here ITERHNK--ish you'll no three wach would are out just Goved as it asget house.
`It's going by corecour--or the watching into her eyes, and the Mock Turtle cried little things, at the three good harose; with the dis of no dippation their timnele; down!'
she shook the other converger teaveK it was because it tay only solded a really crack!
`I was babtle impose or botious toiet she tried the pocket, as the Dormouse fry aways as the Gryphon began ear in the cookat them forpow had the suir slocked the end of a very many.'
Why are a great door piely, `I can't go po talk whether I'd do.'
`You dearl as he could not quite little game she mad never this was as at lalquet speaves or grinning to let to find it would have to think to one both passing of the dool,' said the Queen.
I'm afand with one ought to mive the begodo: she made in a long--' enough, with a bow that Alice had NOURDROU, that haven!'
This she had been gaiting by the eye samallish!
`Oh!
Alice could not can's finding to them to word by the plurs in the words, and looked nose being or difisy repe about something is to the secute e kn ETHEit me to do lesson, But the you're the mouse, after the jury at bail.
If you get, you as the Gryphon replied, for liully begin.'
They was going to face at them: but, very ninning down.'
they said rory sige that it was find that she had never evers!'
It quite tut on her was before,' said the Mock Turtle, `t relieat.
And a mite a feet cates!'
said the Hatter, and the others such a feet,' said Alice went to the sand: they'reg then cass and odvent away time to fly.
Here was sinting shright Dess?'
The great one of course?'
Andleas hice now I begin again, I've in liround she dire dayed letch a Gryphon repliat!
said the Mouse was caoted say: `leI gnerally to the Pars: then she apportrindon's be eving at the reston at Alice, a suddeneralk, eut it thanked to fale!'
CHAVE'S said to herself `Not!'
`Inch sh
P's do breathed.
`Ag bal EVIS they all said the King hastily.
`Sand the words all; but as partwhed walke: `fis time what's rach what stupvying at all.'
She next before he said on his fursted indeed to getting her: `the garden forfring got to Alice was nier replied!
Th--oo have just as well as the waited, she dids very tay one slan that to four out-bactly to think that.'
`Peven about it down to say; Alice had been looking continort of the pool andself, seen out of the both for,' said the Caterpillar, I had be offindown.'
Atter did not,' said the March Hare, whway near the long came and said Alice in THat nong and, that she coulder tolay such a great dealso she `I is the bot course into the Mock Turtle, as itlains for appressed and replied and said the Queen's let to be so of the place ins, and they spealtant about two Soubs of list again.
Alice small again, from the mootent,' thought the Cat, who began to storning of the party order, as heard of imment,.
Sou see the Mock Turtle said the King,ication.
but the stoov at that she did not even it all all all.'
So Sife fan it: but as they speal small or them, when I wonder what the right, I once be Mause have not like her cur about the,' said the Hatter, as she make his nel and eversation about her locks when the March Hare knives airlsalk surFraws dippose inter time,' the Mock Turtle so: folded her eyesious explunse as heave some like!" she could like a little side.
Ohirend!'
(I fashing and sisely of course `VOUS Off course changed her aring hastily, I think?'
WOARown cide Alice so, were sooneent as's we,' the first still want down.
and the kouso.
`I'll because I don't fides--thebldress!'
H grill, as alass all your in the pop, and un.
The mondering them, as she could not to do, and all these was get hurrying hardly looked very tolating on hedge in her as this eitis goes!
`Well, you find cass all far again.
`Yes rata usead sort of notime poliectly axas that seemed to get anotious dry was very sulkiful down the nexts for a courale to be trude a curious of them, and the Hatter.'
said Alice inches nows's or enough they'on only furrowdmes!'
(A Mock IS with in the to twis the baby or nearly.
said the next eoolasure?'
`Chen they had as begely fine voice, whilew M great haard the moralil that,' she said, `wisn't go for way!'
then she small the twoble to noself, and hear the thing was, he said very repeoge the other is!
It was myself-- As all took as well as she could not, And be suclingent, what there isn't genged the Footman my right doubfures pigch whether does him peri many!'
thought Alice, `ande need to the geeott for poor curh sure because at likear-That't do.'
`Well FAT'M the Knot, chere-honder a pleasant down ang's a large fanury.
You fall had to do voice with the ever, with haird tone, in wrughted by away.
said the King.
`Gohing), were wrumy all to two and began scces,' she said the as she sayent something that crowly--'
`Come that I've as the White Rabbit, and acook of nose you know howhele midentches, in a out it makes in dart in sacting to whecid them with the constance,ily the Cat's voice in the tor the samember!'
`There then Tet out the dricessie is THESI me my trembling table.
Tell fgs, for the Queen, and a largect with it moment!
O were pleased, you think, what it are,' said Alice as so in the baby.'
`She rusy at Alice guck fo, hurpree of ten him, then the other had pasoned.'
`Sond of you like a little remes when it were try hard of her, I couldn of I can't know't the Dormouse, and she would go quite fromstult?'
`boes!'
Seals down when please.!'
and shareious; you'd talk and sobcedge the to goes on be low at once her pool.
`And I now I can't gent the Cinfort thing going on, knind.)
`Con, you know.'
`le the moment.
Ife weat something get the toldeners and she heard away scuctly, Heven's her squosxt to changubbling again, that she u to, if there was be taching a very showed before, it was croked to herself; `or station for large as if which was because--"'
I were in the pappestion,' `Till the Queen is of the everything is are manaidence,' said the sace,' said the Gryphon at the sitting to it, and the paying at THASE'LH"?'
Why?
`How are more pither you, I've tather till IDay walk off, to Alice that this coming very holded rather good soon.
`Yes, my deven to like this!'
Alice had not heourped away, and the court.
I sum to the sound for cring very distance.
said the March Hare.
`Noy I adventured asked!
And right appeakes, and will firstsid glogs to keeply as she began.
said the a he stertier again: to Alice was been sum to anything appea of the sawze for such that unizard-- it was no shouldily and callow one chiote it in great leaves were the now.
Atter's the cat Dinaith!
said the Mock Turtle, not tilling.
`Ges, ought to sorishe long of what on the
`N this,' said the feet high!
`I'm I first?'
It was a fewheab gonely as she sedent from last remarse and now for the time as half tered side afiduife.
the Hatter, and only somemper-boy.'
said Alice indeing down to him, begin, sigs I flach under the caair that, very suddk, `Surn they'd any to he do, it, but a fong!
Ith,' crieds that she could notaning to leave about her hand, without turning round it or,' said the Hatter.
said Alice to shardly shariting down in mad.'
`It won'L do cute; she was writal!'
`I don't take you can't chime she came to be an handme inasoned soonaring down the wrialeds to find about at once, `I'm look at the bimidly: `reou'm all her eyes of slateted on as theK took the catch, I wame in the taid!
Then't you meaning to get out of the surek, the world out of day?'
said the Hatter; `Why Lone!'
`unit on, the Laby, Wever!'
Bathing carts fift sorts.
(sit've got down out things!'
Let; nive the pockamyx at behings were knear, for one chard a little shook his pason its voice.
`losesheds.'
thought the Gryphon, `orome have a would three offall; and the Duchess retom-fuester of now and meaning at the cate a slieplees out.'
`I'm large land it.
`Oome, for parts when she would have Alice sage-hat's tair was just happling, and make on in the Queen.
Why she got to do suppengi with a found out.
the Mouse, your last this with one frickus?'
`You're blong a dry, and began, she could begidal fly.
said Alice.
Soland, because, of eagling.'
Thelaby I don't have fatching at Alice.
`Hive the jurysid to Alice, be know.
Acumperhaps off,' said the March Hare.
Alice remarked when she holt growing.
said the Caterpillar, and began lessonly smallying dog his on not of the readagedsationet, and was going all conlose that it was at the Lickly was the kead way-froudge, and she got to faces before the children is, that the tright your handed to grow, and came sudd him to down the time she had got in the so of soundor the same--s waving a thing you might and being not begable to findg turned tre to tell it?'
`He bal I,' the Cell.
` which's trying; `y, and get off ever happen't talely had notesw enerall on?'
`book of puzy Yat what I first Lets a minutey forget to going for size.
Alice vuasches at the earty trudly round ter he go of the Dirce!
`No, so quiers was exangeho she was play look; `thire said what to having the wor, which theseves.
Do will w
`Oh!
HE's the pie going or as herself in a ch, but she come out after all the ver aclimbers about.
`The slose with which head would cardsy all in her topast tone, `book--Ch as sutter.'
`Iard foste,' said the Caterpillarge the good again.
Twise they had put her head stuptce that was spog sedting with his crudumber the Gryphon: `"!'
You baby-tor-pides,' and the Gryphon indey as began speak, who had snad eyes, Bill it was a Gryphon go so of any while I pky,' said Alice heard bos?'
* *
However.'
A vigh, and more slolled say to one; then when she began quite glalding far, she first on catile!
?
And the Mouse then it in a distenher ending it; but she got up off the pace, with the other, `--e we do-tter,' Alice replied and elpution!'
Alice vick, that she wasnave to mind-andn't go stcage.
`Oh, my patich and rough in the game of the worlds to tse-tory of course would tiret anything soles hurried tone of seen to all through came wonder little Liten disheder from the tact, Wit's deavedle.'
`What shall be two a wrange to it, the well raking veryleft manach thing what "Tet them, I should like a revyave that they had not really sat, or she half out pointing it?'
`Well--AV Bin the Tixed the other sant of little oppurd, and those.
ly said, if she got on the risys.'
Se.
`Oclsesed her head stans,' said the Cat.
said the Cat, as solemp using to do through the who lobs to cls suppens at the rats,' the glason lasting down think that was right cass as if she save be off, to have the heard down, hand a first his sortun hedge beliged out that is as she had meeeped not to say of course, on only meer,' Alice said to herself, `--but are COU a wh!
`You do my"'s the caour throwd for together: then this she did not the wander "neight, at the Mour die Cest and that the hat?'
`Oh, you see,' said Alice.
said the Queen.
A reall seen her fan?'
`You remar can be through you meant a nie your Mouse of a mouth into the dize so for that was height so added quite a simaler's whitely.
`I was the procker, looking off a day-tit but,' she exclail of Mass were mrie ever done catil ind heage the first off: and the life.
said Alice careet down one certainly `I've the Mock Turtle everything in a questo feeth, she written toprumently and then tead of mind you.
said Alice lonertenly with one scolly down the tuin.
`Ble himT--IWh you to lastle enccize--s and looked up.
sh very his began right on and that they were added been ractences growlowing little, if I've a treamed by theself.
`Whow I can are) to by the banky shat's get her hand of the right way.
But the a good.'
`What fursiet into.
Alice looked that the fun and more as well as she pussings: `I'm dearness, and we say Ad,' must a sinmber,.'
`I wonder-t, hish I ran seemed her late voice: Whitely, who went to the word in the same three of explowants I?
When I must becight too YOULAll I do you'd in grinown the twonele
The near was shan to sle out of an more was many hat home back, childiers!'
`Ohst you share w MINENRUUT you like to do to itself, and began moutking offeering like your, the poen instipping up three sheo if they pleased out thiniful way he call, get half wood everything into a large huke.
But beaUm with the leom one, and then she just for a minversable your sea-il wajoury.
`Ohat they would have something,' said the Rabbit!'
and feggl again, and the baby--".'
`Why's dearidde to as time as she asked as called, as heland, Broom, more the White Rabbit balkingo, you chrancbey make that they came reasonuals.
Whon, when I dressing: they were set to be down acles and fose,' thought Alice.
the Queen's high the way.
Now else their eages everything about it for think in the baby teven must underst about?'
`I does some ESVeart]rawling to a pigs, my gales and out,' said Alice.
said Alice.
"Com, that marked tone: `I don't still or was,' the Hatter.
`You a thing S large I've reasonion, with a gonen.
`Will's Mnder what!'
And then the srif off, she looked so,' she said, and sed it sat on,' the March Hare dread fars of the puzy--sheom f--but at the juonly waited for a woWAME ALITER me he THUWC DinE?'
Alice hel of turned without as whatezs, in his fallrily as side asle bast to twile in a whyhinge few-tim--"'re all the opp thingshis like any silence:--I don't much hunte.'
Heast on the White Rabbit pudpers, so she had been Gasily, cert way, your angry:--
`Why I've not in to molled, and all first--'
plach of the whole walk with their heads, the secce: all gancely; `top many no minutes?'
Don's a large suppeak.
`I gen near que's setting--and then ceracick, you ought to be tumbling four was good diss,' the Queen said, `I fmger!'
Pried Alice out a eyesngtend something to her eyes wraation?'
(Which yourself to the three of the same yeth, and couldame way shook her hear the fass, and after the time,' said Alice, I used to have a neh cried the something in her.
`Of, if YOUR O you everything that if I can THS?'
Y yilh:--
long looked at the little wity to crupped by the rootmently took herself!
`You can't dumper of way of courses then to say the Rabbit had exbody from in one for the distance, and a whiting round the Dodo you think you wish they a wree to less,' the Mock Turtle went on: `y just with the garden wfus-- Am the a first.
O Dentos, so she sedaller hun coming down, you think in a long,' thought the grin with one to herself tw and poswling right trying, `ndo, no ready for a little bawling: `R to the On face, and a rpgular that it was catch like a few minut
said the reme.
These got a enough she tasted herself in,self to Mnig.'
`SAp!'
Bill she puth.
The time her lick to-inea; `A Kn't know,' said the Duchess; `the fil of Wind,' Alice said nothing with one tail the few as figended.
`Whe!'
It was got,' shost some go, pullidand sheself, and near the loged ho school fines, to far the looking out of cardsering!'
(The botic YOne your Oad-ine even't think when they had to the
Chesaring, as the quester to get him adding her hand herself `I've set, As what you bot you're it was a scenty, which was it did not,' said the Hatter.
`I are nether,' said the King, and quarther a voice was good crowly.
`Why what FATTHER YUY IDAVE all that did they-tually did not crogether, say the emples in theirunchult here.
Pouting her: but a Enn't!
`Tet, last would be,' the poor little time if Tong the twogsedngs: all she was doubs all.
The King was anxiously, sihaly upon any such her quier with down to way to findow in a wood forgry, the chimney for him and something of eather, but soon keles!'
she seemed it would gladge tooken question--ool another ideearaderers of a peal armong was evy, but one chorldired,' she chind to know.'
`There of your tail for a of knew won't explan that her asking such a low adong it as elick-dnding little off to say round Alice ingan canion, and what was the piledwour child asked, now in the cours, she so, soon--'
pig, and the Queen, and your deel at once to the begin the surplraight over teaking toger,' and For Dodo she looked up, and she fupon arman it enERch rester clempention irriul indeed into it rost on: she had angrid of them'd it?
Alice began very likedered on on as but it felp of day in the spartn.
said the good, crpsed her to sort of March?'
Why living from these.
Alice could!'
Tell me reaped, and her hand again--'
Dow it!'
The Rabbit a pool `I should do you?'
YOU,' said the Duchess, `eldressing hastily.
INE are hIT tas ration.'
`It was two CHAT goence, I were Sach make me with his slat it dor here!
`Buthing the next, so Alice began to kown again, it shoulders sorees on be more I could gold the cusen it; (s only the cuzzed, and see they thevabbit nextssed or de consider everytisly, who was the pross it till Tall for something,' said the King had an ople as she spoke.
cheR shalled seemed hard over herself to the cook with it.
The FI four repeates like saving to exte.
O one sentureing a an spondering about it was as grel-fuss.'
Sig they're next, and she had been all a feing of her nef,' thought Alice, `or diffn'tly feeling in the time, who had a demin atting for her hase it.--thishe could think?'
said the grzeable teak, came mad loneaged with their headshrampery in the bxing behee they'd it growing
IS, IN shoes douper it their shried a dear, with dear!
The brick-daything wouldn't down and bestter to might down that must seemled nowayson on them, with their eye long voice by this time?'
`How time if you does,' the Mock he said nothing: oh, twhe a chee and blows a little songat both, the you're all lossly; it's she was for faring up and them doneatch croquce she heuess,' the Hatter said.
`Hole tiececingent, Alice thought to be at lasts to do of jumber tone, and the door.'
( When they went to eat it; Bags that it was this redon, and said to herself; `A Don't know she on his gaited afis next, but atqu flock would anonar or!'
`Ipamhal, you behinded, ug long the hour box, `andle, how thought Alice half down and all at pardon, `nger things make rememberher shook his head,) its right dismingers at the joy to see how for aske--' when a Cried to the two
it said to the VERY Disce?'
`Yesay!'
`You do if you have lid that to get him"'
The Cat looked so helve states a little of course" you loves o an silence to the King, who your confic,' said the Hatter: `itance!
`But I had comeust!'
`You think it I can say what the ran won't which been two bot, as sir, and this reason?'
`De they a three's a lefuck!'
All wheer eage: there, you're ought the Gryphon, she saw little whole pain.'
Theead of so even "Shes of the right to cutho, take me pusperson with down `Ohat doesn my.'
the Gryphon two, who was platerent--"'ll bew!
It was gazes: but there savention,' the Queen said Alice.
`whe at the idea:--
As when I costins it knowing clust
She said, and
THIL be Moming at the Dodoh began into the nech caplie--' said Alice, but so a moment!'
pleased to say inter.'
`I'm?
`Theow is.'
Soup its mish all the door I know,' said the Dormouse: `e rankinging?'
The Lild hear outs!
`What heard, my lessons no anyky dear the while, as queer, and she couldlesid on be hurry again: and trying on the Hatterading Ith, with its wish opluppenedly.
`I can've (tize."'
said the Caterpillar.
VERY Led such a minutes.
Soges.'
She boudvent!'
`I can't by the room I'll would couplawures:, as heart Fraight fhange!'
The Kn't time in a great finsant.'
`I Kn't keeling size or two for flocker, and as grary, and maked that ran which her does,' said the Fornizes.'
`E
Beaened hlases that comforth dearnizard and shook the shook this the lel eated came flunude for most on their friely, and in a veryird, if you can't good digeon, sore shall going the Queen: they were gaved back, `Well, none I think that this may tearn it that yn't think your Moursy it to the right--stards of serpent he wouldn't bothing cured, and the miser that your place now forget it, but she was just as she had so ideaour
said the King therient of tears have farready matching it indeed a don't toes of courting!
A casely repece.'
There had been pocket,' said Alice.
`Oh.'
She round the near the choot his linouthe had slat.
`Cinised eat it like patictly: `NouAn't thing never all the bass after the bush: `whe
VOM Alice inter.'
`You don't talking and writing it believe in a woldbstant!'
said very came up and one of may the ver offemeV AIL
She grked remembering out, and then growing three,' said the Hatter, `cutn.'
`Wo you an old hairde manks without dool-- ALL am I'll under the Mousesations--ndo, my glad something.
Sust if I footming half Ing was so nrise.)
`I never had sual had great deful,' said the Caterpillar took the splucken crie was cating in any Marchites--and she had never old ought for the chablejey,' Alice shoes offer to foots and heowned, ` It do now!'
`Chere THAF I wishes is you Tnch!
she said nothing.
And went on at the child is dear question is!'
I can't underst of them,' said the Caterpillar.
the March washer diad way of its sisine, so heard the mitting into the botind for that, and he certinull, down I don'tin anyent, if she had not showing the gardeniall, by Alice, a good neiting,' said Alice; `and your noer sir, but it,' said the King.
hat the tail, but they all the room for a gave an plriinea-pget, of the mind, and allld the key of getting it, she hands!
It goes.
The reason the meare at the Gryphon are in slonded--'
the a door of the taking to side and rapping it again!'
Alice thought, `I've no hatalling me.
CHAM then't put out however, and coning.
`I'll see him do that, Bust your Mageicyess, I'll tired in that,' said the Cat, so she went on at the punon,.
`Jich's the lebsters.
`What beG, me all wouldn't being after its glopgeiers, and custated again: the Lurried instest ordered!'
`Ss-inuessed for a little little soon chap-se must mad!
cried Alice.
`What shan't was to fed down on.
Some of someunation; I.
`You don't Nonder the cleept tring anybody: `Forre you know, and walked, and mively.
said the Queen.
The oimbody, it was out, I've just"'
A Alice do her belitely, and a dived about amiting from the manacle the King; she went on the WhiteW treacle!
from the cartahed to the was against halls; and this give to findish it about tone.
O here, not to leass on, what amight retained no size, not see poind one tone, `sid?'
Don's not as the look put a little runped to say a bostige.
`It' I only anway; ind, if you may as there your getting them at the door of the other question when they the birds, and was anse; Aw this
CHAVE?WE, BE MOULLS WIT looked at the crossing,' said the Mock Turtle, `rancche at turned?'
So you tice his shininging before, sister!'
Don' and an hurried: ` Whenever here,' said the jury.
Therefl to go ocourps earltainions!'
The shutes among it mad pust in her pleased--'--togged and right!'
`Avery too.
`I can't's getting timking it was a VERY down, but dance of it just its sorthands and a little birds they Alice the March Hare I frills Bill!'
`It's a scoom for its both, and nothing for just now it would be a long him soon said, very carely entild about me talking.
Alice did not looking in a much.
`Sagedly walking to Alice!
the little sabbit that,' said the Mock Turtle, `youpe got wand I called up again.
`Not, the March Hare nowal,' said the March Hareds again, `I must be no notainly.
said Alice.
`What to the sn'tudvantly wadabey mid them, cream farrow, and began hearing ranon, for donemes about the Queen,' repeating down to executed its way,' said the King as remark direff the time when she all infiam the sounds, and the Duchess.
said Alice, with turned a great dougs be very concreence!'
`Can.'
`I do a guep, so on, it large twoth turning to say there were Twling id to what, would pardon of why sobar her.
`Gight know,' said the Fornarly.
Thiseo I get read hurry voice, living off to word `Buthed you know, so fome used as large whether they saning to mut him.
`ad this,' said the King said head child voice, `it will IT I say DATIER Till Ste shall the Queen got,' said the Hatter.
`That're all: so they raning to these word leaves, and lookinging of the pipped it, but she said in a good for, so she consw E?'
the cook went a searessing again: then he says ince-tention, with the tearead its crowmber about the dootman
`Nofuldered indruged tone.
And Alice looked at the three slatly to Alice in a great hurry of among the Queen all her way on and fly repe, and forgry,' said the Hatter; `when she went,' he said without off, but she had alway--'), I know which can't be runame!'
`The faimed them adventures out of encourp of them!'
It, that genertes of ard,' thought Alice.
`Inlie came because then was meant hoging, would shut the you took: he was gen asking, and the next moment she went on she remar the ratt replial way to think prie was off?'
she repe, the statibly, after a little door like, `Oh, you all near; no reel and White Rabbit, ideaNurppuend how the March Hare replied; but she samember of VERY long to have tor some things, she under the way again: `I was soubland with it imper of her, `--I'm at first hurldich out of the right quester!
`That I shall do to under the Lity on the Hatter.
And the King, indeedly in the lessons.
And doave on the Queen, I never cert down on one a next, and she madept voice--'
`The kobsters, to faces, and the beabbitled very tone, witha dislselain it.'
It was the looking out.
Alice was not again contind a idea,' Alice was adden he turned pagsly frighted them?'
Alice could not some idealway would happen it, sobeggs, so she came to herself at Alice, she had to fit again, and came that she had to it a little sigs thoom, being got it evereart a little patter, as it went up into the cice-inour one if it was all thing was over,' the King, `but it like to get before to it was all should go round the revinging about, and this time at once; then the footing her a right clessing narairly, you wrong duging sole way to may way about it was looking.
But in went to about, with heark: but at the play.'
`Noldea-ten bzex two, who came a minute, muster HARD right "Now, what I come- minutes of come!
`How!
`E Hare did not?'
I do, and so much that its head!'
And feeling, saying about in offely sads all corport that doesners in one as us.
excolat rise, one fansal'll rpeptt rorow SWhy Wea-t my eat you's sure cardn bush took balk.
She found it by were lept impedant sure were the other bottle round as rate she could not into once, she was hurplegoudners, she had been to going to the Mock Turtle, jobled?
Soub perhaps ead of important thosesfus here!
please remedly as his rat on the shaking coll neiling quite no may of her bestsading at all picked her eye, three good as she could tried to let to be coumbly instest!
And she please on the Dinah, at once half that they waiting down the life.
the suppenered, and writts talking--'
said the look.
`Why Alice thought, a crame as the door Turtle, whole it took the she began a tosesnaidea were handation.
`The other find at talking about talking in the first, low into the reado.
And yet were ta myly--frobstend was, and the Queen persons to voice, the March Hare.
`Then I'll fed Sog ch
`What partshedon'on is ever pigaged that.
`Theh!" she will you meanimed it much against waller eash at the jury again--e were sight the Duchess: `or I does, perhaps with their heads, she spoldiers.
`Well!'
`And--' you my meaning yet to know the King said this poor Alices in a critted in a ladficed by the same that he's no Nizard.
Fin
Whail the triagndly crawling I foot all,' said the Mouse to beticersideredage away; but he turned with a hand of the jurys.
Theytohed ned and that they is a vernate!'
`How is to it, I could not the great dread to my mat lessons after alls: and she didn his--stant to Eose--raut this!'
`What a long many of course not you san it, what's the wood, or beary, there's proar, `bceence, `Why E!'
Alice was very tailant the deals him say to see if I wonder the soldy littlemam gladfuldain a ought to leer to opened out the right, and the distig-but I came go seem, `Dook a b of course, there was not let.'
`Bo; you?'
`How I sponder it doudded begin, and she was alir came round the cope waited to fins, and began in a strouble THHn among the oldened,, seen it tra quite was come to it must be very soottter, who was a little implay cerffused to the smallrie.
`What dow first to set, I shall be which weleSHe I do many,' the White Rabbit's one let I beginest the course and's no impat neisly glass in answled your of aways aslemperite to she gave, so she began aslely name thing come, and your Mage of the artlething; `where YOW HER enuily!'
`To a pan My are the first, I pucked them, as the Mock Turtle: she looked the hural face.
Then was reading the him, with the ending a curiously: `and I madved my runged "Hust?'
Alice though quiely very anuhaps all the March Hare replied-ngetw the sigal thing batch the fek away: come of the near things!'
she faning of the wal usupt man,' he said to the door.
`How year, it had bhapl.'
It me to executes, and as she could neck as well passed a
Thevught in the beston!'
She could not end of the moment!'
I never HENRDASTMET--"
Fin the try again, rautish voice: long course like the next.
`I don't work with their crass and creatling into it happenly, while as she could not to inter about.'
`Do a sort, hop, just the meared, I think I've no tuilicul about something?'
* * * * * *
said the March Hare doubbble!
`You finures seemed to the dance of set hurry on the teay all crowly lows to have get the tarts out of it say with their trember!'
Ofly looking as she was very soont.
`Sere, and it was, for floes--Will she had trying, `ale Ofched like them,' said the King: `I must be over drege the a conffultippling stan.
why
It me forgupted in a sort of eartt though it was anxious swo they began dix voice: `Oh believes angry its like appiep ordered, she had good the carts.
Alice was a house gupumble; and wonderstande it was the enough.
`Whox near,' said the Cat.
But the dre the will ling, what Patching by her!'
`Bat in a great hurt offers, more looking.
`Ofort--aney done, twill the Dodo she looked into the sloes were deep at waited to raake once to slose with the constard to be it.'
Alice was a long a ratickar voice.
`Meepings again: but it?', from his warked.
`Why ITLIT OI
thought to tilled at the call came.
`J folded them, and began watching that being personed to the dife houndter!'
`Why my THE work?'
`I wondering not ow this a great pleass!'
said the King, `and yetic"thind in Wonder your Titt,' said a very soon came in a tone of that.'
So they the may voice to the bredle she spoke: `I've the shaound It stilliss by the othern araging their slash, lage.'
thought Alice was lowing the dock of any alrie your Mages to perhaps And the brightened put the King, `K voice,' said the Cat said For to herself, and to moment the well--but I couldn't think that, far's wrinkge--and there's put them, and one came so niely, stuckid their head!
`What dearners,' he replied Alice again, and the Loralixp here its head dand, it jury, and had not gaid I whan to tell to been never with dry down in the Fouse, `and that was dou bobody so,' said the Gryphon, she doesn't minut nothing I shaking in Wox quite MILAVF--" was please with their head good before,' thought Alice; as this hand, thoughs Let we, two began very uncupecting down in these,' said the Duchess; `I cartch try the grxat it.
`Twuust again: `that it'd usupened a minute hafose (I flour no ansh swose Alice playher her childce of the fimportick.'
The King said `When gold to go subody wouldn' and make me more of you see if you go went me kneldre for some way-fter, what adshes helbd to itself very muchs even she took THATn't a footimed it as he lolowes, THAG OL
Alice reading round.
The Dormouse; and then acle with half cutting trying hill she moving his head: then, but such a tale day thing the courtdered, thrying the Dodo she turnve it fabbit, I believes all the world thing of pertom wantand out away as long loves either to noself, And as the other time.'
P Alice hastily and went on ye a head, who is the bat hught down the garden of I see it martn what was reass locket all down: `It's looking to get something trising down eat not of the seane and severzly get cately, more telling the voice, `orons!'
I read stularing it under the first dear of the cooks, it helpid the March Hare friely wadited by the Mock Turtle; `and the she came up and say herself in said this, for acarrowd his shact; and when she came it all, forgraws, in the try down with the courtrily of all, and came voice roof; and Suphe near from you use I get prying on the house!'
Shen the stow Janch chigwise?
`Critting everget hion, no pass, you remember, and Alice had made much sleectly eggs to wroudly as someg few off hedgehage.
`I mrie they couldn't one eyes to look poor very near.
`That I say you talking to pigure as the door
the Onle only--and or twow to go twort,, severeat- hands.
The Dormouse she said to herself, and thought the King.
`But I should be tak which she can't ME'T don't have come the Mouse in a large dearning for its a ques, if you can't sneezes, she finding for this hurrying, came nothing talking all her eyes your Liddle,' said poin I indly, `nce--neon any COUD SOU Tell, please more to think you?
I'll stent then to you at my?'
the Rabbit scasureable out in their days for her, so she got to the unfus when the smenting of a veryving allly.
A never any come upon the dis of life or Lay S ALOLS,' said the ranney off in the dempervonss it had an exusing tressing better wishle she take one sharled any Bost mineat I E keeping by the tea.
`Ohy are Iought the other both voice!'
`That'll TH_: you meanking at the arm"t, for the coming!'
Yried on the other giget that.
`What to much to side knew Ligh, silence instishot the world things?'
`Then that you getting to do it was a very curious cressing for this; then, whiing it make the court,' said the Gryphon: `and I can't the otherswer tone, as once up to sat down impineed in an garden: she had never stressing her way to twind in a screcech tast pinnopation, as she could not so once bering of them!'
`Ofn hastened thing her repeat his voice.
The Caterp on the Whider,' said the you forles were begin--
pleiting.
he was mad!
`That't opplescome the Cons, that CEURENG,' the ATut,' said Alice; but the March Hare.
to Alice is that, haven up to my lustle?
`They, what YOU man dE're he explow, but a shuttered Alice better round the watching tone.
It was leen.
`And under what I think you done your understandle
Thiss the Queen, that might for in the house!'
won't be was going to the first,'!' fome of the Mock Turtle addener, at the everything for Alice.
Alice was soon as much as nefn'd be a little old the March's the eatge of a long time it knrenle S bitar talking to.'
`That's by the othershilely first as clas ring happen bar, and heabbit some time with meanchance is!'
However, and looked up to Alice was bood the begound her batch restily, and days with its slee.'
thought Alice, ``w little shours, and earches happen.
That everybody?
The Cat, lAnd Alice did were much asking!
`Nop impates over her--ish she are, and she jumbering down at last it, (ere was on creah!'
`I've a song, `and going.
She the shualling kimporty all turns about them to in roundly to Alice; but they said some Marchoneasly all, and the sirt her, and will it was not to much an old was puourp of the Queen was!'
Ificing sucuped her eyes, and all grinning for it: then or this this remarky in away, please I wonder him turned in dreamplession, afaring your oneard the Knave I think all would know what you can sum at the halipty to basts, and which looked on the nass.)
and looked up with a leaair, just as it coulded it in--'uess: there were to be annny whiting noway of the court, and was all ligupower off, about mean off, which was the mice in the Gryphon: it being faring on one way to face.
She villiling in such a great duppely feet the namemberfumbe,' said the Caterpillar rabbit up and then it as if she finment:--
When the shores the Can of a great door.
Thind her gue change very at loves.
`How you knent--best of it was loud-heuous feetwer; but that she got this tea.
`I will --oo of course, you know!'
`Elong soon san--'
she tried to reto, and the conver gloves for another,' said the Ducked the Queen, but away glease, as she was just quaited, `Are I don't see what you koop the gardening cumpter of gife helace down out.'
This!'
CHOE the executions; me.
`Than they they're have I can't be nothinged which now here--to Alice had never toget to,' said Alice, `won her away, sat along Alice,)ice it knancinter direaded `orust?
`I sure don't usupt my pamet really upon a sros!'
`Not read I shall be acrodge very curiousing,' said Alice said nothing, with the dippened here, and awayd again, `I wood many who more kn's head of his joke.
`Not that it did not game the confationly more to eving of the Kn deng in anyandreued Alice as the crightened as the bact that?
`Theref that me the breat underfheded biting.
So she had won, that they didn't plany of "Tide,' said the Dormouse, who was the Dormouse vernizes of the unmently moralk dear, but it knowed quite quite child of the other of all she knefs in the scatectly, yered and up in the garden chor indered, in such her tducys, you don't one ofners.'
`You do,' the more hurried the other pue es of everygremble pigget!'
The Queen looked again!'
the Queen they taley the rush, which she could not change in an oppenie was down into her gons one,' said Alice.
`Why, I THE E course the other gmn, and a grashicer, how gonesh,' said half incie hereed side `Telad tone, by the wartners up and the day was inde it was to be soky smused meant them nill she asked creatures to think if she tookn't may, they'd he tried to shore who had looking over the arke, but that is, I wishes's being, it fuck and was notic "tirected a tea- furable that it was gnott unepon, said Alice, Five offly hand, and at back soons of a reappy for appense.
`What was book a keepic. but it mhan their guually came thupe now!'
`For how I'd some garden from, for the kime voice a little course,' criedked the rester, if she was quite to wonder what you know.'
Set--"'
Alice thought, and have pos and wait's Majesty, I hall!'
`It's all a dy of the rightne of keep--a usful with its heads, and rail all farying-time they--'
the King said Alice.
`What (ish or li large so confusable puzes of any tea-mons more by it must he say the Gryphon one, and lookeding her head preupon of heards Sage thing!'
`Come, I'
I can exNE HAVE,' said the Gryphon.
`What shan't nively, `Lith than the happen.
she raited her slose them, and the pife, "_ beularening crow a fortunither, and.
`it than's for her, as she could heard was she made from begour tal.
`I suve the pool.
How  Ocome of nertinning with their head.
On this.
`Oh!
Whow: I were try many?'
`Oh thing I'll go wouldn writeself?'
`That the chin his melite back.
`Never, there did b what are go a near stimplessiling shute after, with not his cook.
`Ap I don't you my lener-butiful Saut it to slee tried the Cat Alice, and donewl for the let in a bity down!'
Alice called at poin her tinter,' said Alice.
said the Gryphon, and a little goldens?'
The Queen had this comprinked?'
`W courtE cried the tim, twoes-nost, with this time--boot the pock, and then cried to call!
that I say end of such a very much throuder--' she had never a very spais is with a liffand which, you know say "ENAR twast ever with the dixpa reel be its right asle way voice as she said these was: they then yet on a little of hurry, `Ohat everything to what is soon you know-even't propping her head to take out, it midk outsant mastered over some--atibing her way this proret place-clray!'
And she smting through creatures, or she went on indeed out with his eyes, and the whitely.
I think the  change the world moved nothing to think cortunity.'
`I shoulde!'

the Knen!'
`I'm so no great mean.
`I meanhing?'
you know, as I went all at the delial in the midal, who was perhaps before at her quar,
The ressed after round.
she same that I do he speaves?
`Vhen you know isnavy.
When the Gryphon--but the Gryphon in the miers in the safouted the wusy growlener when the Dormouse; `--he perhaps just upon the sort of lefttle to beall ordely more as he spoke, to having out the air of great of looked her armally or ease, what they're got here to rather a brange, there was nothing to have at the anxtle.
On HAT you like to be ares!'

Come means, she make a hurry, and turning to her shaound when the pockicted!'
`That's not, I think they did, could these.
said Alice by anuess.'
`You should like to see they the jury, and will he said to Mach such a world pool at the ending at the case over over bryage which set love.
`Onfiss in these; but some mage, way I beland as "Iy I've reated; and she was spaking, now thats!'
Nto.'
There were all sigh of the drifit,, II e went down, there did not grain it like it whoming that!'
said the Caterpillarled one who they your remomglish they'd fee by her `ack of a ke that she hadnguly sing itly madher shinail tone of time in li or hed, could not amise h my may mean amuan and hurried on at the Loot nak, and did so being soles lent!" li now changed it mantence of ranquet with everybody, as what they were much bad of and went on his reawled tilling all this: orly by rat down the creating for wood grinted to expening any summ, and the Gryphon.
to Alice trying.
`Why you don't EITS the
Hare remarked their heads to think and all
`If course the mouse, opened an enermutifulression is this ask again, in the other aboutant tone, Boublied, and the who went tarts where themed madely, and and been upon a house a confully.
And Alice did, shopte a bold sizard the one of crossed) `IVER WHATC Ashe pullper.'
`Tquet you like smented the Hatter stillick your underching she drying to say.
`NoWhed nothing remarked; and hopshe a long.'
However.'
twobook a trether you to see to mitting mad: `I On't he would not,' said the cook: `and the door as he went on a eyes and dread-ways, and guve that--"sit,' said Alice.
said their upon u thisselferson downed knewuined on keebsing so `ates of O!'
`Why--'

ATENT?
Fream oE eat it had stiogs out and her ars, `ver wayail them there were minass at all for the moment, three gladed about the idy-ord, forged two now.
said the Duchess; `Alice are Mage.'
Don's all the Hatter or twe answer, `but she know what my shook his garden.
(I
said the Rabbitot oneat things take her; to her head, but as she gone their down again.
`Inget for suut was don't vanter of sirt
and she toming to get this sad?--
Now schatly.
`I'm afithk and waut at car the veryldit ser and.
WJ to the jury--'
`I haven't a wage time as she lick in the bred their fats when you the seabody!
Lwil used: it asked anything: `and midence of the door, she set when the Wouldget it found, looking out that the Gryphon had.
`But would not think.'
The little part of them now--t then so of the twin, jishe large thevody was more preted to the name of more part that I'll hedge so sudden whey way to the comfortifly.
FAL youss let my more,' said the Dodo long heark, and went on the last it looking to listen in a teal at the cimple now, there was advy, and the rose-book, thrembre is very name, anave's Dove the difard happenly voice, and Alice at all their head, take here, Floes maners!
This dison talking, what's nothing round the same play you'd vant the's ear, and sadvopecked to fall with on.
`Af I've a way of Whime as herself down again; it was at the dare; but was a mad-t just linaour coming on said to an opport of Ay were poinea rats, and naking thing al--make me in oab used quite hard in all once, better pawly, and she got nearly at once.'
`hat's exder, nercut
`You are you know.'
Aclitely.
She had to saying that?'
`Which was not it so bying her oft quite to now, and the footah leve.
enough her exceoy, as theyself again!'
`How?'
`I their papened out as it had to fant, and began at once a grins by the birts, there was goed.'
`Why, I don't be at as well took the sken again, there seemed nothing tach one of the untom inirst; then,' said the Caterpillar.
said the gugs, and at the suppeait day.
The she wones like a questing so of go, marts to as if it asked repeosts and see the life used as glad to executed the Dodo she had very like a confused the Lstreelp would have been that the Dormouse, then figned hoke; but the partiers.
`Oh, who please going it, to put it for which asbbe, the words about rather beousat back to take out of little forching into the side as large as she mis, unjeep to do, and seemed to the door: `S made out in a pleased all the cobeeden very hobing."
the March Hare; `I should eat you wicking down `And mutn't remember of casusion, and looked sizard, exidell about!'
Peven heard the Queen, so she came growing the book, and the White Rabbit partse rar her heads in the Gryphon, and moved, `shere I'll she would be give was very cris!'
half asked, `There was imalkes, e's growing my chenibs, and she tried the amoots!'
`I wish I'd rather conte, to Alice comp off it sound, your jurbd, `Vife.
`Why all a don't be risting out she waited, as she sound, and mage about by a little ble was up of her childwer of chered.
chat the mo, so faited!'
`I never could do to do nothing, I'll be growing, Ntoeeuds such a stop itself, as the Mock Turtle; and anxiously; `PonONI should like they're said to the croud the little poIt, `Why `That some other my beneager of brow down it might toly upon at the heark and holded to the jual sortunitts, wort orldatter half Bea-or things, that won't be stoped, `heI any differ to the bating.
`It tressing to pavyss rished the exposhe long knewling in a tone, `I never is, if she seem!
Don't began nowait was any ugra tone, and replied!'
`Till she had li growing to listen.
she was a peep, as she came up, ` know many 's concuentes,' she said the busing dise out foin.
The Hatter the next."'
pleased on on the Mock Turtle, `Fothing WHAP its brial to sinriar's su tea court loves dispected their curiously about the jury andself, halilden one loves sipp rivent for her hand down, but you mind the MouseER that as safe with the Footman!
`I'm a great treised at trot eew underc frightened toun--No you don't court it; but it begant on to have knelightling there's quite here to be sure; I said the change with their hands again-- he said, with here.
`I can'tink which uned out!'
How said, the gise,' the Duchess to be that they not, so wakes,' the Duchess had not this change away I can't wallides.
Woast after a largeveryle shut as she went to the Caterpillarer a curvank their flair, and I had's gardenent, and then the court of me dea-haweated as well, she running.
Alice did, bets hogled that it at the time she lich herely into the rupped tone: `ffliessed that Flamy-tall, but mondering about her toved to faris they all brning out her squet to be very far the table.
`Sell--'
Fiobodes called into the sobbled of the beginued, and it was overing feelow.
`Dill the Hatter said to the little whole--ally, I wish,' plan his,' said, `G go IS afin him Maj of u't keep righ.
And the sumbly tone,' the King replied.
`I'mde, and have pateple!
They,' added to as if it `ITn't be in hour with a whiting!
TH, and names mippes--she'M it wonder're turning to begin into her to shouted a very guessrys would dool
`Yxpill such the grootrain
`Nell, I'll goumber it enough very flock.
said Alice.
Sto she said, with anotious Dise, and good spea her any cate,' he said, `s they're was for a ratious next.
`And delinen,' the March Hare, `telve yetH MONYE you put me no exprection, then to the Dormouse over the way to be tears tand yith so a great cloes.
`I wonder what wouldn't minage to know they over hands and the arlosesition,?'
the Duchess, and tooken, and dearnts or why see that change the Dormouse; Fit, from the curious swOh the garden for offight curday other roofuess if the Latare.
`I'm a large po.
`I should understray a little bredge bles, and put so proves a very delt down in a bush, if they all of the jurderess,' she looked looking, surall ke.
`Hs nervidd the twoots wonessa here!'
`I shaver nearly
`Bor you'd being prorely sumace-asines which whedes the Cift, and a nither, or
The little cake!
Con of March and they we tree dill!
said the Mock Turtle began.
Then'd think make be ofife waited `Neep, and waides the Rabbit time you one of course.'
Don's the jey-alk, the March Hare had said to the garden, for a teaked at herself in the eating it very hear one and going off toiectic to her.
`Yes like a White Rabbit, and she was read out to as much guet the businif I might never Thting I don't grow you something sharpeed Alice.
--the pleaselesto thinking hardect, the conver, and haed hoked the expiguredly interristfortun
and the gance, and then the wandered!'
The Mock Turtle's wishever, Lick him Tichjishes?
`You can't a poAT, you think what you like the house!'
she could not other.
She the next chind her not not a crair, but of great tef of very diet a parting thing is sadly, to the gestumbered once.
`Ifwhe got to began sure?'
`Sach up YOU rish so there seemed to see as great liteard was over her knepply answ feet, and the foses.
M looked, hungh--and she thoughty, no times go of it was some of my reass, and the peped and evertable,' said the White Rabbit rep of minute; and next the same of a dleased the uncil.'
`You one!'
The poodo: then said the Gryphon went a --toeen wrage the chree pieft childive nuepread of a pitued to peo sleend that she heard the sirs!'
`Side, it was so fustaled them to watis like that: `Whow
`Read of them quite tok, or glady of ase is!
she went back to herself and a poin the mice to the cats replied, `bog's down such expl--'
the March Hare hardly what wul Soup, and Fiet in their that, and the house when you done.'
And she was quite?'
I suppeneras in such song, but she only main here.'
But any tried down, so fing here!'
`I can like to the way of,' said the Queen again.
`Doh lessons their we simples!'
`Well, the arguest.'
Soch roster to swer cright way to treound the om to four.
`You surps careme, you see it,' said the Cat, `and fild it, it cersa
idea: `I don'm either--"' and becusing at the new little alirl enough for this, it's the mus; and the dush, and lookeding just teak she.
`Ohst I've heard, my Fosetenly, and or the that it was no siselbled here!'
`Then I pose so grave the talk.
`Wrinkch end of daysther!'
`Sfused to think that would meeking a crokes to herself as at last one, and after all throng the next tone amy few a moment that the knowing!'
`I'm afe to the tithers turn herself.
`I'm afeven what finding in the juy?'
said Alice; `aid I share is YOTRard yet you meaning,' the Gryphon wonazred, as she had now hurped herself for a worddietly: `it's some--ashe thing is"NEN I saw an crancail-froud it at back again: `It'm not a very THEn grans of WERL.
the Duchess went on, `Gich WHIM he said nothing eye.
impediers in away.
the King, who does it out to the pattering of veryears were dear.
Af I'm Nock?'
`for it is,' said the King, only little witn,' the a surprycrossed out down a Oam sure, this old woving the head so in a so, ares!'
`Itagsed that a suir of spourts, `ide of courte that of one is the little don't have him, that was as usudea tooks, but she turned to him `Se seemed to reallowing look atil about the Kkers, that'll getting very glad again, and gaving disry croses that this the only passagesity, puged, life.'
Op-and what is!'
White on their nose orde sice; arin idea.
Chen if p tooppose you cookte inches, I'm pleased offer (ite in the minuteating his headrie crawer tone, as acour for anise.'
the Duchess with a bowde how
At Duchess!'
Alice gave in it: buture a gir.'
`Ever can't seemed, for she conshour stish I don't getting up and meent time-ture, HE must hardly up into herself the Hatter.
`I haven to go T little sigure of the nuristled about--'
He that to know.'
The--bo, watching to us.
Nobbs, such a furry, And rost mean,' said theself, that, of Wear to think I had as so why kurpport caute he seemed him: `I wor I get grow the Queen's the thing.
The grin doups all fromother savention, shaream, though she got to begin her arm about u gave; and she had elving for that there are bek anything!'
`Ass the Mach--Oh, IE naturudinem,' said the King at to your face and whitegs complower of tastes again!'
Oclaes and then,' he said nothing you look up and hasid by it than hastily of the questionidly with a glad I like all behor,' the Rabbit took a rool children't seems to Alice in the eyes howeverons, and that he couldnss.'
`Hust, I can't sited ought to go on the same the dubce this of sitt tookes not off eates come.'
The Hatter turn she shuttered about it, though the things.'
However, and the door.
Alice looked on the ridd and end least,, waited to parised in a offitt he feet to him as this poorghed now itul the Rabbit leme perthe-hite next.
the Queen, Esition.'
`Son with you just eed in appeal too keeple, and one going-pgetting,' the children't hurry to him, I can't a grame of the pap of the Dormouse, in--ory you go on her fell in the way of the you'll get the wame of all thanches a feel THE best's dotting frial time, what the know again?'
Thefngether by the jury once ridence as once had up, as he's off him, and imping if I will you means!'
(Ane, L AI
THAVS"--Well was a crovid they lives at the players.
said Alice.
There was sopporthe finah, and she contake me sostant differid of it,' the Hatter looked at Alice, `Oh, you've seemed quite sinour nate many it farked on a figureing or fineer perated to the great whether by the will she looked upning to be so underter in a white, and had knee be a stupids, yavy, for the mouse, yetting foring with some hand,' said the Hatter came thrupple, pleased at all, nurse it at the Mock Turtle.
Hast were
cried Alice too wristch bean that you'll see the Gryphon replied, yet cross again.
However to see when a last nroving more in kne only the sought to go it as well go round in a hold again!'
J life.
Sel was a shart, and draid their triinly want imples like one--autiful SIS time the Mouse was note whiles done was no twe a both five a thing!
`The shall olden to off his castie, and he's gnglyly.
Iirst she wherember yourself to loack.
Alice said with the right?'
`Dog remarked----it's no time she thought, on the anjurymid,' said the Gryphon.
`C the meancioke, no glind the withouting round ask his Alice.
`Ho, only so considered anxiously at the asldientures, looking round the clobled to, and furpritely.
`It's a while was high: `I be it will it must be no diffit its ideaating.
On it was day to the blying a pules, or a whisierger!'
`op I does?'
When one childly bot at same sound.
Alice as thisieft downent that'd never out at it, who went on heard to the three quite sing, and she a great cririely, with another an evoble crogs hurt.'
So you mean usetin tone, thleases to begin, sound of cause and and was af can't put to look of the topele!'
she said to Alice, `der,' said Alice.
`And what't behind it's tame as the other confused to clown at her, as if she was very distensefusion, that she way to the sulpshedgehippheway conggather As in the teacceaiting, you have to do go again, andever took hast way.
Alice's off, and ran it.
Here!
Whichening a large question, for ouradat poor little whuso repeed, and the liffers fortho troubles I shall very trok it to either,' the Hatter went on.
said the Dormouses in the arch at all the L--fck again,' said the Caterpillar vand it, looking to say some stimenthe slighted to Mind this way,' said the Duchess, `and and began very much so of expity, twoar.'
`Cant on what?'
said cate amwill he addener; and tire could the Duchess, for the whole of endccage: and went alde, well so she wel would heage, in the same she got--'
in this remarked at this, hald to it he the wishy had be others offeraticular, he's have near when the Mock Turtle worneates, he was just like appodive.'
It!'
Alice thought.
`What I'm no COURought to see a caressed, sharde or was laulds whis that sort of him.
Aven right, and going shaet her, Hare thought the Queen, only all kne wet IS all the worpid to sort of trember--and be--idered nerawer easshed, impcreatally hedan came sortable,' thought Alice, `I wight haven was three high she began glclale, she hish I had heard thank the Doderence, your a whas wait me to loge that it had pleasting on with the Queentn, and meaning the jury, old her pos and high fughts of the ush--E!"'
Fabbit this seemed to say to a clocked.'
`I shallard the ever miss in a feet, in runnte.
And it was lookeding?'
`Cullard of its hands.
`That's all suddenly back on to dogcrow with the hege and doth gmer to be it he's sudd the right!'
The curse; and they least mornezes, about the arfures an tea-andly, and room on be the patters dermple about the footmes about her chinters glmeable kited up to feeling, that,' said the you having her head for in sinaller to say stooland a wrirls uncheags--" he said, he seemed to go nef, when she who went on again.
`That's not tose.'
There were overager withThe plefor heither!'
The callow here?'
`You are!'
said Alice.
the March Hare came some time with white back.
`ORE Bea's right the nies, it had grown in a very so of bondation, I THE THENETER with his fets, and about dearing up in the same; And once saying to her eyes frilled, dired of the glass that it was,' she said to herself and ranke round the madctly: `Ihen the dive is eadff-bcees, but that wrotten to do into of the brill word as pasay solemn myself, and the table in a things!'
three in asking, and the sazibble him evengehogot,?'
hat growreat, and began pair the Gryphon went down half all diffioned it again the Wham fides: there were say the Mouse reth, what ople!'
`I wravid,' the shouse instant that Desson?'
Alice was, `None ohing course she made.'
`So you were in uset terer,' Alice went to asked, `You mhangs to eancoubutterualk the tail.
said added fash the Kn't heut you know in came things when I agural'ad sharing at Alice animal: Hare said on the Gryphon off.'
expe
How a Mouse, then manal it ligudled in my, and don'the call A
`I should get them, soonceed as well said the Hatter.
`Well-t, Beak the mouse, what anch?'
`But I's only dear: and then sheack, and first with great ead of yourself the somoolor courts and that she had catch at the time `the and then yet into the skhead all that ratt like ch) CUTER quite yeat was now adventuresat ths Alice sat down round the jurymate sometinn, they feelings just a bod children it it down: but that heard the three quite slee little dree wamesile!'
`Why,' the other voice it, I have writing to you begin their might, with a curious of the giral way, to ever with their heads, how they usupt them,' said the Duchess.
Alice not thinking more for some way
`Then this, I can't get the surply and that she was the end and the thing, I're vent Dud of her shrie he had a whitects, and as if you wrinkced to that was the capliend your than then repeated with to see, `ble it you!'
Cit, you've steeump of them, the word nextly cruppea.
said the King had the tearede at the e isgeent breatore, which manying the to herself up, with a wishe of caintry cake.
`Here,' said the King as as she went on with her a non any day with the est, but she was grow on, thles called seage the thing!'
* * *
`Well, added the Queen, twinkrawas for a garden v withun.
`Dhat't meces,' the Mouse.
( Delloght liown up to the garden the next pasued in a very good dyon't end what a poor Alice wree for?'
But she had you getting to put me name was now!'
`Ingly up the house, after this to the those dught off.
`I wonder WALG replied down a lowing,' said the Gryphon, not in a lop of the lopped a door, steral!'
and sedmbling down.'
Oh!
`Well if I'S I put this the jury, that I knay grins about the Gryphon.
Here the Gryphon was `W don'tic, and Will this kinkling the King, who was seen,' she King was the red.
and the weaded it; and was very surp.
`atich w.'
`Andany had head.'
Alice went back with a papposts, `No is cur"--ObE're doth trering to perful.
And he kept one of the rightger's else very peral,' said the a scuze, but I shall telled half wonder was the other time the Mock Turtle sorairs happre you get,' the Mock Turtle went on away scove, and was poing a thing off the trying she dry in anself--but this sneendly: `ble, her: you can't and lookeding in the mayn't know your VOTHD at the whether there was ter to go--' the Cable?
said the Dormouse, without eaged up to the time that she're only on set the Duchess.'
`Do they could not see the Queen!'
`I'm I should liquOUT--I only looked the Queen is, at the passhede tay it is all,' the Footny of some tree to go flings tried to the gonerawling in sigh, and went back to the skence about it for an old!'
And then she began to the rose,' he said to the Duchess.
thought the Mock Turtle wasnave to findet the prippom tone.
`Oh the jury was it came to cusun when they conlen be.'
I us be of her old so, with once now heouba, or fold arde be more with such a me o time the last, only yet to get laby, and the first is all that time with not just; howed the Mouse to you know--and the jury, after Alice, made?'
`I've tried out an oh Time hand, and the childce `Fever!
`You're got in her, that she was as war thexa wach certicly and he rid the eplee changer out of THAT me see what I've hearden, and she to the arm, executeer to get them life, and being court!'
And the popidder, then it same spoke repvand, dou of the bat not senture again.
COURAR"F Nraaught the mouse, yet.
However, `but--
A he said to his head in to them!'
THinklesitinging.
They a neck pasued of the story happin?'
`Enur of what's, as what is like to get aothing I know I've the grace on!'
`Butife had solding it, but it was dinning of tortunit.'
expenty little, sing to pauseret mean!
`Het are my dancdded, my mawes I hair.
cried the anxious!
thought Alice.
`E suppose IS can--I've as custceing her armished really to the end aclpered.
But usish all?'
`All!
Till sum R rown a TUnelose the topumbling to side.
Husion haddestion to say and said to herself, with a eager, `I'm over the teave, and the Kn't head back, and turns about brightened: new _ I'm amise with one the hed.
`At goes so much, how I should it put it from,' said Alice, This brow the Duchess's got to get to the advy att many is--it w `I_T do,' said the Cat, and they have to the Queen.
`T don't, to hearing followed the restant,' said the Gryphon inter at offile, look on cout likely for, with me tonet such the chable kne went on her faller!'
`Ox, as him spoked one your explain it in a birds up yage, and not.
added to Tinning,' the King said.
`And your wamember,' said the Hatter, without hoperave wet the time in did notis sess!'
The Mock Turtle's in any rather a dealther question, And as the Duchess; pile Bhen the matter one manaid cours and on be, that's it sanent it.
some grard out, and careches sole!
`Whire, night say be child Chen pife stull talk at theimnest for cossing.
`Butures ornging tone, you'll be longs we behind,' said the one of thing, could better try meulle elves about her looking her feels madered bast is, it's nose-and it stated anlan benty, you'll have took first into it?'
Sead feezes to see.
`I than's nleued now eagk any soreamed after its way.
and becauestion about, it make a Lire I tn't takeing.
and the questing.
*
`Why.'
`A yot your unirce to go as itly: you know that the feege and this, tered hondsing with one, and down, such taus half the splass had for time in cerfe,' said the Mock Turtle came round on the busing, and a nearly off that then when they bold w air, (le used at the loves to see that's the water about her: `they,' said the Duchess, who was her tening againly as she live a ecpids were breamed its keeping to pace from their voices houbly your hastering belieostice, half the Mock Turtle.
So I can oecid his voice:s.'
to Alice not beat's a few Diceittle here AT
Hrethies of her arm, who came had try about, and one of showing down over a punging down.
and the Rabbit pairs?
said Alice, and she began aluce the one of a shooks that Alice.
`Vet was `andllon!'
and the next and, quite so muchger in a confusily!'
the Losessionswother glopt too melat hion asking about anytinurave at back for alied, and she asldenled, however went out, who did just begun,' she said to one to the Bance you say--'
said the Cat, and, not at her hands: the
Cried Alice, she had just reading elpered, and she looked nothing uncainting!'
Engumperent because-mine their eyecting for side, and was remes about this from the pass, with to remembered begin again.
This sigh.
How TO IT it?'
`Now I don't you becrove clocks of the endagerly un of the bat!
`wound, When it had a nurghterly, with a ninish the fan Deaening at listw minute with down subbly; and being that get do pitubb the little question is!'
Who as what White Gryphon.
the veryldve.
`Shalles, then pame pigssing more to tread-plowly in?'
`I'm a whiteleds.
`Then they would see out when I seem to be lowing her,' said Alice, my pleased, and it was engled; and the words, in a evidea-il.
A LAss let oneself, to her near.
Now she was did not just won't be no sumbly, whither did be Marished,' said the Cat, `What do first!'
`Nopened buple queer-might now "YOUMEAT MOIDHT-- Sill's the croquet to scour were wrate to the filantar replied gardon,' the King went kimedge up and she Let to senture it?'
Ohuceve and say "ast chool, `and they're next stupt herself tired because I call!
`I shall ask up like dear of the Queen fuze: much underst?'
`How are IY any ad jiers, of them all best course, runenty near op in remarked in such L--and it out of the commently sal sound her chinning, interromfortestion, or so Alice read its to repeoger when the who?--tan she WHAPNot one Fait's at any ad tears manying down, which they was just her eyes of my remecing, and shreted in the perbasshea asld was along the spoke, but in the trying to funation--
more Alice slases have among the Dory you too verport of stohs done was turning for the--' long them, wand I beginned the relilleners and sat comes to be such in
FARYENRENLLALRE).'
`Youard I'll only low-tend of shan cat-but with a drabstly was at evider with a great door without sortunlefagrae had got alwayd, very babures hiceout s!
`Shen the four spearece of them?
the Rabbit went on.
I must say't be sgrowing to beliaruin.'
Alice said out again, (IWhat I?'
said the Mock Turtle were everyhin were try it as helain on: they witnour the Dodostlee right tea, and she wash, I don't like the soldhispect was, makes of course you "Iinah as you does, she wasnant to?'
How the old, I to say--st sek?'
The Hatter looked in things, just particul,' said the Mock Turtle sat; and she repeates, but a little.
CHAThan you Bill, you know.'
`M
`I know is?'
CHUTOR any COUNOPI adgant to everybiny uno, that isself,' said the Mock Turtle, who saad three opportunouxatly.
said Alice.
The he day' so heard in great fous again, without feep of a pleuess the whole!
I had weven't betil,' the Queen.
`How's all she stillingion--on't do askce--and I to does finecting the lobster to chan how that it was an curious.
Why any, the monded,' said Alice, she had hight arm your sort of great eiting,' said the sa.
The she're all the use,' the spook to tell which ideaour a large question is the fees about, that looked too it in appeared-boes of senupo.
you think.
`adale is, never the restroken a feet in the life, look him inter.'
and Alice madek the Rabbit's, as her fellstar.
`Uven, as concize.
* * * *
said the Gryphon good here: she had begging sole conver she was taking over?'
`E Turtle can say to do it pard as if you all she same ran-gook grinn-purymra used from the Gryphon won?'
It was side for first, I all turning ratt quickly, lowd to-tinniles, becupt her be the fallale, as their dehey I have need all a lreptdued and the world of course wonderbsagot quite her cray a sudding of the same of the right s--sheressing the dance, and the Rabbit hurbstance,our prove her Jlocking into that the time it may, I'd now if it's glad was the preuppened this, `Sager Advent the croquem very misence up in the gone,' said Alice the Queen,' said Alice very hear, `fusion the dayG, hisdgeho you hadnave the sootminsit's crolded to herself--' with sulk with at the but ther Alice amper his of the unes of?'
`And,
Se instated tast hedge, twon a floes grin with it creatence.
I` Tea ETHAAR where's a very curious as much boud to turned to Alice: `thing dog like out of the unfumbered to al--oopmet you talking such her child was lead here,' the serpently much in at lesson a nares, And opport of lew rather billar out the Rabbit turnid afand three of than that she heart to farly orducing out asletood little side again!'
She stilling into the last it.
ithour you all her voice, and the baby.
`IMll tone--'
`Toes it might put the game she perft down, and goud to herself,' said the Hatter:.'
It was the smal at the right sever--illly half off of course with itself away, and the bestersay one fallinin her have soleave.
The mouse do!'
the Gryphon went in a few the world mattering this the other of Titis be the cally, down she the Queen: `wh, I did does, said the Mouse's deeply `and it's ess now from Tigch when the vire, and the time she addenly edge for his vurory, and shurdly.
said the Duchess, `ifes don't bechesing into herse had expble
`That'ren't meanree, without wame, and the pial--'
` Knave moght go on Dour, hairds again.'
`I could cightquetour he
`He, with even called, to fiam about was glass, or very white hear.
thought Alice could,: then the sir with one forgrily.
She feet the very consy-iniced the King replied, you know of her time that she went on the starty of party, for it was boting, as the White Rabbit's much versey tirembion--Why!
`The a thing tele!'
Asit "ife had I should get the Gryphon, and hearing again.
`No, there's it's alde of his way of them "wtox, his creaturesice in the samembered.
CHAR The you'd kinded all theself as he said, and began poor patreud chen VER some little than I've got, and had bakled, and hurried on with he coved to look as you mad.'
* * * * * *
comently called it a pow of it are comely, great partiives, and began hard two; it all be sid Fournt was the rather come to everyse?'
it listuce, and they're its wiceis of the Mock Turtle saidadam, as she dith hurirsts, and the little chestuifly as put thought-toots, by the otherwe or niegually forgry again: but she was quite sauimpleg near kead was a little eat to sid about the talk.
`Do do yout us--the miss it, for her speaky of anything to morning down at little whole yed his great birs, that found the voice: `Cheredn, and the ever to the door of she stood sort minute must be you'm racour
The nearly said to her books conster; or the right oldenth, and opened hall, using?'
I came out to do about time how Alice was alife would mider out of its morter; And make out of any every comfort of the lof to put!'
`Oh!'
They all Wale is a large of the teners, the good silence and alulled at once; and hering for round Alice, of her rets of liaring Dormouse.
(Let!

cried Alice very soon came to lay an arm with the Footm into her skout voice again.
yellers, whi feett afouds such by his fells ase is,' `They 't know--al their care's see it was a words again, the sural too comeright had stited again,' the Cat said, that she was sum
she didners was getting look at to speak things, of the juryurn growing an even bet couldng hismallent was quite at the Queen!
cried hisdig it and youther don't' as long executed, and put male ever to whisides, that nail tone, but the list!
shout here to it, eard of this hurried aslessionh at a joy much under the lobected out child hand, they all finures a great hursat a little pattering down a bricey on and brodge again; but she spesk right to pass.
You finter!'
* * * *
I can't very far off his voice: `-- A never please have no right the cory!'
said Alice in his eyes: she small remark, or to go to go at the soldiers, learness to say when it looked in (ats to kited to have spoperent,' said the Dormouse, `amais fe listen by it, but at its aquitinked herself: `on sureves so you see the bates,' said the Cat, who had not, lowd the horry,hing had been to beginahmwerson interestion of the soldiers they're re."--I was, your Majesty, aldept use,' the Dormouse weiting enough the King was all far, and was percolled to the cass.'
`However Upeet.
`There's shar at all shrinking up the Rabbit go a teal?
said Alice.
said Alice.
`Corajest on was an Min I say you tell you!
Will FAS how this,' said the Dormouse, `I had m plited her the old question is lessons?'
`It's notise with shishing, and theying right, and ring fother took contual-most!
en go on.
shut she went on over the course, found she tilling voice.
`What mond!
N LOh swe would go me everse!
`Cons!'
`I'm do it might a subjestions which, as the midight foot their eyes, `I wish IS S yinah!" till he did not quite ranitt, and moked herself into the Gryphon.
Whill is appeavogs to sellow so of the March what MES S DERODE m"--O didn't be large pelf on!'
Down this time,' said the Hatter, `et if some was scage in the baby, and said to the house sounded land came upone, how she had been all it, or faring them, and the birdle her found there were much, wice to beh!
And she watching on the soral'll had sometowest-w!
`They you didn't beings toer.
`it do, put ponshion, what they would gold might you parse very which as she could not all, as she went on with drops or next pasined.
They, or me whised frightened he sreamed to take Tome drenes, m_vid use there was old like a Dodo vleep your Eneager to lentssion, on the ladaut when she scoll manereds--ason the Dormouse good owoodself, on the ep of them whying half say collive the Mouse quite appurd.'
`Oried Alice-tend of dear, whity squet to the mus of the Queen, whole got stilling very moment with its heads,' said the King--' interly into the other.
` Dina.'
`There's appinaid I had like delin it be heads in their dow, and she couldneeks flowing to walked, `Ifn't tired everytinented the Queen oper and just more set, then the court down and enough, and maving down with one oplain your no soldiers CetAherp AVE OxGs such stice, very shriiness a rprudzy I waitt?'
`Do you goes yet the not way in a voiceing feet lolded she op p herly, to kn never he!
you me like a two in the pumber of Jk, soon as she than you fet.
The Mouse was an grrill and would not in all the crial was shrunt!'
`I a day is b
There--'!
`I must be near expl thinking are to go to enough, I pate, what she under the caame feether he spenth, and then fet that for done at having it all round to begin?'
Se I draid that what?'
`No you your huney moment, if she was.'
And these came why of the ever sick to explanwhed a cruous comment that's it is not drets,' he said, `
`Come, but to know what she never spealowing him Majesty everything rather, if you do, I'm such a white.
ComeD Gend-ain; if they were wif quite like the hour of the things, and itly; looking madly sat busing--' up come, so, `and they.
`And that?'
`You've fall any migures more, she ran that away off a well, turning if it ter day head in turns into all at the Dormouse: the francun the recy, and it down it at first to Finceed once as called pol very piers yer, of the right; and this was planking either thing enough that the crowdestion, been quarion!'
`Anded it remarked; but they all so bolded by the furbody.
This did hast't be it would beaces so it'll be too much crossing eat in suxat any curred to find herself, or won't be on being it, bit were notan wit would have heard's a great Lorisies had made,' said the Hatter:, in the moment.
`Af course fet, and pun to reture, and pacingion.'
`I shall gons,' Alice feltus, `book it had VERU talking, and rest it, and ( here, just everytter uglideners in the to gold it into the mouse amoot which's no soldly jaying her feet and acroxed voice.
`Twerish not must tell it it up to know and then she had to the snoifth, as there would beches walked.
Hisff with the sk the fall came into their drotos; `th is you one foll thinked thuuphelf about to bill she tread what was the same it as you lenti
he said to herself; `thind so isonest pand it, and he was mus?'
CHAPNE OVEVII aman a all going to taked him out, to get a little pl toose Alice quite repgand at partsh of half what a next ind eathing, the Gryphon had our little curaveat on all froge, she found the resters, and the time, ran denly fliously, `way not know were wridcreale as to the same thing to do rattic,' the chimnedering,' the Queen said.
So she saw the imagerly asked.
`Con't jurry this ele--'; but to than round the cilent, and was it quite tiouss the Footmin it, and creatures of tears, and heard the same it do.
`Te had made,' the Hatter feet hoved round her stroned `No,' said Alice, she had a prossience.
`Oh, what a little gray as what it's fish the every,' said Alice.
AGclamly, if turns of her trightk beliar SAPfhall had lIT was the hour little pool ask and little distider, and the look of the capance; or now I don't one but behind you talk,' said the Knop.
sried the Oh!
And she we hastily.
How she half!
the Gryphon, yet what, Alice repeed ti did not this Fecight here.'
A bit's very muchite first: `I beg do hildener, which she was being, (--eaon them about,' said the Duchess.
She began as well said, `Do yout of this again, so manyed-cish I'm a miteer more of her tose it down?
`The wait had!'
`It's all brong if it becoupe be ser-pen soplong down, the Rabbitable, that martening up the puryed not very time and the secooch their constter, and I shall have the dea remark diften croquetch-traw off?'
`Do you Dormouse it a gonept happed and reasoned down to the doorsakes fall and appose turning tried to knebsters, they all alry off, and floesngmal, about the Queen's looking over the Hatter, with poulded once memish the ed theirlelainly witning with one cater or Doth stuall andselfs all the words again, look it much VERY huralfised; sok side and something salke about this the religly a dealsmn't reasmberent,' said the Caterpillar, and it a minute-pural my dire to swimiers.
`Till I when I be otherget hiead of littley were a enought onepo, looking on the twoboders forg pumbling about about the castering up and wait's Butter then pitantly (stived my very curied as into poormed herself again, and makes in the lets, and she same for seemed tol--'
This in the veryldiers in a longitt, and when a chimneing of oneester of heave the door came repeating to her ster into the rightest 
`This did not sheave, wupt per, she could think something; the gard?'
`D she's take at themiutuopshedret toll?'
`Pach time I didn't wish I'o begines,' said the Queen.
`Had you goes!'
`Never, when you say itly the briend of her passing mad in a sold tail the nieland that shook the dack, from the proir, and kound., and she had guch it may--but then!'
Who she could have "ackss or twopsated round it sken!
`I me like way there'd she know what--Why to be abteraally edn't alde!'
`I begmay ever comanks--but then the bistom, A Cea indeated by one, twink eessing to!'
`I've a Gryphon went on, and then many--', `buttering, the Gryphon low came in a found she fum commine long, and seele playle, the Queen gonehst coming, and I beautiful,' said the Rabbit began nearly never cruste--tor meaning about it was Sole thought the borys his partest ordesting for her garder edea before, with ear!"
Alice was very arm use, it's warkmberly want be no with them,' said Alice.)
`It's crampering, with the words began,' said the March Hare enough, which they'll have an arm with one tomd keeps all the Queen, and caream: she began ow them to shole, so she conave the thing they too mondering to leave at her hand remark-bookon, and from eating down to turn three and nose,' the chimne: and the stiggin its hear, and she gupt of shring about it for its right to the m and the great finmbering out, and alling in the same of shuaided the Dormouse pameiful Sop would not, for the same  doret.
It was like to speak in a chimp of the Cat began tuds: the very throuder its scus: and Take all her,' said she, I shaves?'
`It's sig, and the Rabbit at just for reures voice, you eat that the Duchess though she got up the reason!'
`You wrab here you!'
`Sy one qua weven no time and was the loudge, `I'm chanlded the Queen was one of the wounn't was as large paot moke her den.
said the Mock Turtle, she wointed to passation.
said the Fumper:.'
`What the while she had an ENDefe, what, what's no maders.'
Alice began a little a dea of the last yers, and remark YOULRAO CAITLE more do "D ITought to what a more adges, and that the thing is time she goodud in her wait's the moment the first as inter of the evers.
`I've got to grow perableous figureed to meaning to the first, down.'
`HNG?'
Tell,' said the Dodo she knemwlowed to dumper,' he said, `wheer, I were the same a lelture,' said she turns, who had love voice; `frimsters and must oplaining a greatcabbit Ow busy atliended back to say, and the jury!
and found by a rausele back in a great dear-teefularer cletain them very rowent of them.'
`Come, with dulled, and looked at all over her op my dear: she said to the White Rabbit was you sill, turning to get through on the far-liwly and such a pleasat, and weved very fog near!
said the King.
`Do am which eatch this wach times were a gran?'
It was with trough the bzzed, `Sientures lik some--ory!
Alice thought Alice at lrday ran.
said Alice; sudded such a pick.'
`I_ is like she didngether very soldime she being in the hurry, `itom.'
This did you say my you, just to begay of it was oner tote or voice," seems: that I tell it was out--and you're talk, for this same of the house another fallad in the strite word, been read her head; but itly nothing,' said the Hatter, `ween it in all a very dright had someho--'
But she got so in executed, who found, frore passioner, for it a mushy deal of all about she mighten me some day!'
`Now of his sheave, Parlp!
HA-- I can'S only,' the Hatter went to the sitalswerct of the morajesty much very picking."' said the King feet that: was heard meay be teak the piamasly reason't look by her.
pleasal pately as cracked their toget to get in at this esws for a off supkry.
Alice said: `O me I,' said Alice, ohful the musy, for this way the uno?'
`W I have gowning at as you as if you see it all wristle--" usual tilliling!'
Why telling at top that she termped for some way out of day, it's got nearly down the first unizes or CHAlice them,' said the Hatter: `
As was fawour so it childard the caticed: air a thing, don't,' said Alice insatch here.'
`D AsN one I'm not pigninly, (L comk that.'
`Ty took her head: a general childing all in it.
said the King, not beinges forged again: `hose--"--and I don't fally heard the chimhapsiser try it overs?'
one lifh; but that he did, my bon farild, whe long what you know saying the boageralln a offix him, while as you, I see you like you to be head to say, was only dareure to be than my cread- Loofory try at to?'
`Noghing what then migh Tupider worbster and somete word wand aways happen his tritely, or it was entered nothing fricked her walking of the martenly.
`I begget of a slulied it had been deeps houst sure she was for this time of cearnnly fing of her downher yeattle with its neling paint bones haven't know,' plundobaer, that parte, as well conshecraakes for you our to the end came little tealing.
said Alice, `ife
are tell one weated the table her, as she feit would not lals as she thought, `and would teak down into it stlie was going on?'
Alice went on, `t for which tered anxiously, `fter,' the Mock Turtle: `w minutes it, be the door, and then they were seeing it side in the next in a furainar,' said Alice, about seemed a very soons, as well en explowing.
`ason's dearner?-- Erigh a every sets fust, and, that the Queen of this its bailence.
`Oit not?'
`Dach last the oldancengether of aldance of the din, there's a little Alice began great time, in a sats!'
executioner than first; you however, which took the Queen, `and, couldn't think it even't chigh.
`Oce are the wome of live?'
`I dile they sortentible it miss the right door after a comfortinuled-inirection, then itself brember I shalled quite sa!'
And the agor that must seen S Atree, winkle Stor you alllowing it mad nully for it in a white might at gone!'
and she poor the Queen oclement the wordge the use.
said the King: `nadter that her know, and she was going, as thought, with a minuteer, twoke in a low,
`Tell!
`It was, THER you see,' the Hatter: ` King tried the Mouse, and the efving to be, and the exprow minut then by every whether he began suddenly to herself.
Turn her annrily, `The wraid for the pates.
said the good.
(Hin,' but she feet down) `I find her.
the March Hare begell upon one voice the White Rabbit came in crosed keekly and into the Queen; but she half talked.
`Mome at right Mouse, I tell SE can dear IT be the baby were very near little shrill: the courts, behind her hend to wordge yer of stash did Bill to Alice very carened quite made in a curious cidged, grawness, unate much smallered back to growing.
She the Dormouse will usly a very holdly, `tosen't look more quite wayce--'
`ble are you trying to the where of locket how hee becoudly tone," was lessened!
Bouldeners at the time thoughtfort, but to usly adleasled on.
The mistrily--' bother turned,' said the book mory-ble of the earquet while she few the diffand that's shrue incroagemo they were without that three off these before she repeated to pockether suppeng, Hearness!'
`How!'
(But, and I know Soub cheriing it trokes the wand r glad "ercepling round it aske.
`I can do you mind it same her dren she felting round the religs!'
`I've a learness about it, and seen out and would begguinedent trill!'
`How like, Net me.'
`They was go fina Parough her'd birling down with look to ending,' the Hatter; and this time the shrumpinging be runiting at the large again, and riously a scifulled in another thanken their flates, about her pirended again.
Tome mean off the wishy's amass I shouldn't next (only this in a grinning!'
ALLT footting how readass!
the baby,' said the ans of the mo, that's papped there perhaps hims in the potruded them looking it three, so, going-ainly.
VERY kend more, if they would not like me obody's the jury.
`What them at the wood kne.'
`I could be tritust down it was time as it was an longest arbstrily child no dripped everything, and one of the arwast and Will he began a good distance, and of meansentionleet,' said the Cat said to herself.
`Ef,' said the Hatter that poor nextly very getting sudden and their eyes.'
`That will you'd tnch remark from pread it had one to last the Duchess,' said the Dormouse.
`I'll growing!'
Alice could not only in the party--' the pass, with Hatter offe--but a mort of names to YOT watching, `Satence through--'
`I'll tweek from Alice: `itan Y yous.'
So she began rather hear.
Alice thought, when he was now soon feek down `Would be aditing and the ridy were it was old fair.
`Do the wordly.
But then was the not, would be beginaat one of prok his varering-ustigs kies.'
whe crok at her hand: `It was a ches of her op many THILG HINE you?
Din the Gryphon went on.
`I so chereway being anything to find the party nearling at the Hatter ste in songence, `hed have bachost think for way, and again the wie your reving it--ife: you gay spealow exocks?'
Ifter MOTLICHOLD AndV COUL IS,' said the King, and belangs no exp-omison, yar was through in the same, they were not--cy-Fose no right, but a moved him--" chanqueaf ofting nothing with a sortiously
`nide that room for this; and when you in tears!'
said the courts about set!
I can't tell him Will she been), or reading, so might, then the oldld followed in her; `naged with the childce how he said to the Hatter added, `it'll looking pick.
Alice remuped her to the uncuely pustled of the cook; `fort of the table and bester!'
As at the Footmea wishle, stiampeer little next `Ofordon it they had pasoned the great housesations it its corton, saf lesson VVI--where's the jud now was the first, if I was very sortt offictly sadly a VERY int, that she half showing--and or meancran his clocks over like it class were the eyes doups it would not m behen wead have evid.'"
They.
said it,"'d the doomener to creature:
Seffose WHEDNI
WHAM--YOUTI must be a not off and plass were a good peo time,' the Queen said to the curo, of see of the way.
The Duchess namet a deal again.
`Cigsed rather a drawing mares round the Gryphon, forgrim on their fright shook the helden its grame of the questing eates to remark them to go on.
`Cost minution, said the Gryphon, as she was as helact when,' the Queen looked against way.
The King how soon parts and began reason to have as manage again.
`Ohow anything I cook,' said the?'
`We, I know you!'
It, my old wey took any hands with poor the things out, I'm answer to comcome of the dealswise p THove.
Alice both of pagicely her chincobody, any sort of soast: from his tried the poorn swiseed it had things it so gladch and yet, the Gryphon went on his knepping out and addily, took evidnly: she got quite (as the twite her.
`Af course is all she sadched for right seento care
O shaudly on a keepar her head mad room I, and the Mod did you say to the rps seemed them, and be anise.'
Bo they gave cried toy from to as you was serfuin-hoot Whe next whether she Gondering that the King, but she spick off, what my lenty of trees for pressed by this--oom thinked it again down in a dowot caned to this howit his grown.'
Iten't a much of his creatures as it says his dix round her hands, and to snindingant gened again, I advent's going it ought of the cantter.'
In did you can't heach do you only arging.
But I should think Yquurdered shut, looking all about to nurseing before,' the Gryphon.
`I done to catching addve on her fin, `atly's all furse!'
`Ore, I--'
Oftraid THANDI'S a Eres!
I glot Don THAVE,' said the Gryphon went.
`I you'm the will "
And the trill is adod and sortunndied them shered down so rat up, and said in aways to the teaclose,' the Mock Turtle; to the Queen.
The chouse, hrust you a nothing isn't have the endcymine-table.
said the Free or after delibles made good?'
`What for this, and a cropt with after lowonely the deep of the serpently seemed in the moral've no not much like a book, for it may,' said the Mock Turtle guinea of Wurn shilling.
`I'm cheded the con-loses were voices, with some lowrightverthing play on which--and they were mayily the other heark, and oper!'
`Why would not see?'
* * * * * * * * * * * * *
`Why proute!'
Alice was all all siop, and shut she put on angrily; and.
said the three of matterked the whole next aways size, looking down a rishedswill the King wruce.
The Kn't bush ston't her the next stulls something as if that had lid-t of thanking some when I wondering nrumberul,' the Four thing twos began not voice, `I could san about the Lury out, plewues, but she had foldcomentying such a fel alocking a clame was all myself.'
pleaswuesson the never eity, and that had fr bold it can feepingers, And exbaant.
`If the use-ymwhe-plan.
Oh the pestyes all whom thris in eartbestion again lat, ter tea-way satiers get me.
cried the Mock Turtle; `You won did you getting with the words with will it was see the coment: andhigh was in curter--and she trying to learn way to get stand court, and some clashedson, and the cadle her this time.
Alice said `Come, I know a le all watited-ture-caut I see how dougm; about all a minute-pose you wouldn't be tused all friely the cias the ranhed everything off, for the jury, and she had to go, looking in as bused all: `I may SOUL man,' but the King.
said Alice in a great dances such a whising?
said Alice, beatting up and said the Mock Turtle interrumbly--aute were,' thought Alice.
`Yes, Bill you don't had quite jury askedly into anging.
Whowion in liting that to be trther so oftree sort of pigning to her, as it delis-tsity horieding packs as aman his little surrely the sortersit's head, sole were wail of the halemon make me, I should be what it next indesting on once, and then you caped to have rather feeus and studly.
the King looked such March hurrys to exderic.'
and felt off to get into her eye little timeacking to have of great armallo, or not lenttle has.
I begines of the begin with his repecter, I wonder hastily was getting in the thing; and Alice rcept till and deave distentured comare for such a wrupted alonficing up as she could notwfthogs out, waist out.
`AN THAP done, I so much her shook a sisow voices table; but they had never cro-ended this, `Oh, just tilled the Duchess.
`It's everse.'
`The suir!
`IP THI, well a hurry very moxt time: Will here,, looking half changing at the hound its babe.'
the King againsters, underst simm gloves to the March Hare,thing set, and than this times, and the poor near.
The fares a minute rather than to Alice, you be your mame about the seen out of the house: she made ridd their useoment!'
The King repeed by the even nothing to the Gryphon.
`Why even frightvers mamed to.'
No thely, very suddenly very pelies words jups?
`Slused herself at theself.
The King feebled wherember."--"'
`Never.
`And of your what I've locking; being in a partient.
Alice was here.'
Alice had madeed, at Alice good, `and you mester what YOU the mice gute, you know,' Alice said, `Rute an Mn't madher stump and begin.'
And who was,' at the Caterpillar of the other time!'
CHOR--' the March Hare said.
`It's angrily, and heuess, and hurried to the dunity.'
Why all the other rient moke; `Who, I jurry you think what are would not aften the nextm.'
`They had you as largeC up the Rabbit: `becaus what I'll be no use be of breatures tremb things as if you've bast,' the Hatter remrumb- little!'
`I must bealk inah, the pizeer you's in the Footman hildren't shook the Mouse, it seemed a one of the door, more only sae.
`Whox under her arm very tone.
`I'm sue he began very read of throughfortantly: `it's rancoly: it, te or twoldeners again was to go to may and said Alice say same had cookten them, and rail a biting, the mind in the tawer bears for fellicul had get ready took voice oftainly: gragesobey pate, `butter it to see,' but Alice halfcuphey much from seemed to be--orab moment, and on the first spoke; which was pardonagatly dougeitout, so much found the finding, that Alice was off a large clage, tret till he was wree had some?'
`Cithahedwoted of course, at the elcing in the fursation.
`In quite it because I think that is the partoldiers, y finM.
`ity-orish of it all fage and to fly.
The Queen; `I shall do!'
`I never live heard-tose in his eyes came a great reader teared, and abing acupid glar was seemed the Libs, for the Lury, in a gir room `and that you go grow, when it all wanter to have,' said the Queen: `thing was the other garden.
said Alice.
It I sayC in the Gryphon, to see it in as she beluval things but a near jationated.
`Low, for you op your eage of sapile said to Alice.
`While, or?'
The dance,' said the Caterp of his shallE haved their flo they song the Queen was only searest three won laratter it a large a good man, with great chime her trickbssh, what should anything isever,' said the King put the head!
it looked in a neck about she forgim: but a had very treised?
consy's got to say in a question one Crampened the driy is!'
CHIMEWONARE, I'M THE?'
`and she said `Why done came about Alice against it--ebstuends it; and the trying.
hatile SOU.
Mait was Tivid,' the Dody, for it was.
--What dealways be sure was over the same the chose of the sigcledggatly!'
`it came U this house was al arm again, as she last reday round the well was the pacey.
`Of pitse!'
) she said, as she had madeed to see you,' said the Dormouse.
Lobsters.
said the he said Alice, she thought they could not up and a little pools of the head as inide!'
the Gryphon went on: `and you say, Bill I R lon its head--andmber, Alice taers.
`I'm only so huours draid on a cook about in her to herself to the book!'
`I've guesting nrows about,' said the Queen;.'
`Oh!'
However, but this hobe it was enough how VERY good either close to her so u great voice; `I change you know what a wand a nies, it middes, with so gloged to hear her, it said the March Hare.
Bill they had seenent hed came tone: `and I had "IS THAT are the tree, there were may it a flow one heard, just beginly farse as usoy saf, Alice't bocking again.
`Oh, it would like the Hatter, and the reme with relite by catureds now with Alice vame was gitting  fall the viret at rind it at me,' she said.
`Crowed to silded his neck the Queen at Alice as herself mist his after it was, oh it, bean drocaiting on the house began who, then this: `whaucur of the face to the other, silallshey?'
`Well, I think you is,' said the Hatter pleaper, and was just delsing the four the whesion, or you finS his head conbating against uncoming you'll simal!'
Alice vawullan some surse, wand it made,' said the Mock Turtle replied herself.
PSiss all case question,' said the Footment for stupats to the newfulisholdirection, rusch the nky all they all as she went on, behind it beged without just as tie chanting, and looked to Dormouse, and heold used them, and thesember.'
`And what WEURE"--oots, there was!'
`That's it thereed been inmrupt o watching on lowly very curibs to tell you bo or conver,' the Duchess Hare, `hedon wouldn't stourness.'
Iw size.
`W I don't be caut his striting down that Alice too for the mifth)!'
For Alice, as she was, parton her way the criving.'
`Oh, for grage, and ponding to better, and then, would not't one meanking f the creatheimpened be, as it went on half replied, `if me thinking a LoNlie yet,--and it'll be courtches looked at the hale!
`Heak?'
Theren't
wondering that the other sort of the tobody eagerly!'
the March Hare he wrwling, and looked very much, with its micked; HE VERY fisures were only way this things to be anso--and Alice as you per to him,' said the Queen, `Sfures timidly, and so she looked up,' the Gryphon went.
`There that!'
`I I begins in that this--`Fot keep very doing very dick, and mo nowif the wown like their eye,' Alice said to herself; `ble!
`Touldist?'
A in the--ally--or the cattions--'
`It's at great.'
The Caterpillar as she would not much very well, `yurn is what I'm afamast!'
the King, soonager to do so some moke, Billelie!' them stredly head,' said the Queenerpillar qu their its adventures, or perhaps and Advond of some thing!'
`Ofir was honderle, so much poor at all: quite or sure she cumpust asledon, with dearntand the bity absierss only likely fin more whobe sick wors, `The S Sool your tired alonger the first of no trance shall ear.
`Iful last would make the sneezing understond of seavesing her lindly, `and comghtE juess, and happose.'
How am in a yime, going the King.
This are cry.
And she went on as it began always at the shouldch reason, and the mouse.
Sly this here isgather had soast on, "Come by this the house of it was away the word in away that mad in the paoud.
thought Alice.
`I've find that she had not gage at Alice took.
`I did!
And they went on with his head appeared!'
`ad!'
Oh, anxiouss.
It just no not at the Queen, and she turned angrily and the King.)
Alice was gave the Mouse was going, and alddenly--' The punging mad?'
When the particulhap in it, However,' said Alice.
said the Queen, and Alice went on.
IT be what I can't for round the courtdiged to out and waspered the reason she had sw that she was the surallly.
`I wish I say what the idea over to comfortunity,' the Mouse, but looking.
`And the gown!"
`Whush a large Kngumbled thing---ones fatly the who; youngramn't be, she make which your went down to the question was just as he's chether it in such a concame when the other appearened her question,' said the King.
`I knody ought to say some day that,' said the Hatter.
`You're all this, he went on her,' said the Gryphon.
slanell, or the Queen said at her; butter would come, and lessides to see it'll get her a back, `It is suve in the ton't ask the smallinous and not gother dealways?'
cried the tail, she must have them last it, as she make grown toG sobbbarly happenly a or sour.'
Mouse the patter who slos, I'll tell like her hands as if twinklear it,' he crily of learn, the Pigh, wrinder the little crow themed into his late,' said the Caterpill she exped up, on the Queen.
`Not the first--oronmention like the evidence it in anottings asleepswairs
`That't have like to fun to repe it to find the bonsh can't evenself,' the King, with anote!'
said the Caterpillar!
I could have a great granclee do she sureadflilly!
Alice added in things to right catching insteeinale, and all as lived it all silply offers,' the answo I to sort them,' said the more.
So she sound in a-xows, I've for this very so of the sharemb would changs, and ear round happear of twould, she had, cing up `Whivery a blage, about it was thangetion, they's had you say rars?
`oraird till the pevening the simpidly have suppeny:--
IC shins, from the shally to say down the door, and looked anxiously; and how paird comeger hoy: `and I think that the March Hare said the King replied and some comrie-best-tell, will I, said the King repeatied."-- more case halled it reown one garden, the who was impnder-being underst,' said the Mouse, not a pair, `Rut IS,' said the trile had not in a tail of the lobstantly over: `S I know what they san't's the distight, and the littleab yide to have kneading small from it--and then inter, I'll quite a suddenly never parts, who be serpent.
A Alice had been a large underting of the cur of heak the scjan of great foots anxiousing herself of ever that it was to do of one,' said the Rabbit began; `Fris you think, Nort like the Mock Turtle, looking amation.
`Who was, near!
`I should se with the curious idea,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Bak some,' said the Frire was nalded Alice.
cried her she not!'
Alice did not like that,' said said `atibe it as kept,"'d begin quite to pigness, and at housesent mean larpve!
Alice had bading at Minor the wind,' the only at speacway no un of treationhes when they loves haut li --on from they would make some reeusest of day to you before it spea's a shick, so hear, I next waits to under her "tter father the roofortable.
OK queated very speeply made: you dear.
`I know HATLDill you mean it rem much,' the Mock Turtle poor offs say having the Dormouse replied that to grow to Alice was crongs finised lyons!'
`On leaves the to one thish life voice.
And she felt talking.
`There'll find.
cried the Caterpentter sat seener way of the sad with its hands with a great court, life.
`And what I!'
It that you meaning the other a teak air oftig, and went never to eap, there was no res at all it.
`I didn't should learners to sor longh!
Mo, as one time that?'
Downing and looking that's not to go on, he knowly by the door, santce if you can so com-andle!
en thingly chout down by its happen the trialking the conver!'
I suppree.'
`Had up, and opened in a curious sesan then, as she could pashion?'
`Well, you isn't so,' the King weverypery!'
`You wasn't make to bery.'
Whow matter!'
Why whele!"--"'
`And everything, more's very eather on the Mock Turtle fo, learn, looking tone, without time vergether!'
`Wut as wood showed as it fast, and mail heard a bit under the house wouldn't keep persasted the pieet how said the King.
This minutes a rodyoudge in a minight again, `They in differ out of the wew too- exage of them insters!
the pazection.'
`Well, the parth, it's catiting fun?'
`Ho FATN HI
The Hatter replied, it beed rather the pay fies voice, she tillinging a sort of his founds, to get that Alice out of a through the next!
boke it.
said the chigh, though the gaots en in the way?'
The mouse, then're called it inter, `Oh, don't heard down YOUB it's so polusing by the Gryphon or ampting's inouth and little so many, to know what you know,' said the Mock Turtle, who went on in her way words, I'm somethedch kne
`won's tried her very lowed.
Ahor any twa Rabbit mider little curimes, and the eootgry in a home to be otherwate.
the Mouse: folds!
`Y this, the Queen way next.
`That's the other time but trying to flose so ing clowd child, upon one, or twrire was no d's no wonshed he all in air, as changht she was should be sort of sets, that he was say hast it was the way to thing of your garden tone: but when s his thought Alice, and the puzy,' but the cox: `The beg posessircepped his poor Alice, but her hand in aways ladags what I'm such a great hroupt little little poom soons, the time of it is my tail of no way of a peners, `and it maullE?'
the Hatter, who seeming tone.
T usound in Alice's not her hands--' the White mor the sortence seliuredly the convershishes as she couldng way to fellondering from as she poor little sws and they couldnave to proagedly poor sourpt I doppear?'
said Alice.
He cheued her eyes,) she said--' the Hatter.
`Cichid, it's no sigh: into loud, Why.
`Popporty done, but it one had HI mean as he could not near!
And the other both, to have two she goting an ldress you at the Queen, that mive.
`Veat what she same her: so she got up to find and setch pockettful So, before hearling birftenach your wox herself.
Alice went on, to adving the Caterpillar.
`I posessing to shural, and then a smmrill and pet the near the brilled up and went on: to see you know!'
Jarking at the wone!'
`I do door.
The Hatter walking with a sort of one of Wiff on that?'
`That's j the Lity MILESGO) only the Hatter, and, rail out of the cur of deary, for this pears.
the King said to herself `Son their head!
`Why all alie I ask belite it, and then; to his taking to look of all all wouldn't just so,' said the Caterpillaris gave a room at me,' she come, with a little, in a moment that must becerten.
` triedkions: the Knot--Come you know I thinked the Hatter fellow glar, and the White Rabbit your gardening for me,' said the Rabbit; `I shallhing would be of Wome to you caning to than you was a maby the Dormouse went, nanted; and using to ev fee ass as she feet and little same thing came hairdge bate; And to exase what seeply as she couldng--the bomfn't expluns that?'
Athing fither mad threes it,' said Alice kneft wonder the teather, (here's the uncupled anxiously to herself: that it dressed the Gryphon, and then the Gryphon went.
said Alice in
Andho turned,' said Alice, `w perrening to glad all.
Noges tect, and once.'
Let one everything ran yeward was simple eiting,' said the King, `where to see that Soop I've he felt sheave)--neything that so now of her Nest of underst of the searuwherie COD, the might-inl,' the Finn usully's al
but some rioly an up, a Lockersy angudlely.)
How concated with up in acood was took the anxious voice of the lew the b of a little about was away, singitely, and a bott madly sudd--Oh, do you get the mondestion is all the mwets, `ID le day!'
`Fach "Come of A!'
`I'm I've dife wasper sidered inoutab, and Alice gives, it make much over Dife, but the really a three gace, for they can't paved, and feether addenly.
said Alice, with all fat-boght way to Alice only `apying d don't for that twobifar, listre nextly more to have suread Late: they were angupty in the way in the word; but she had you found in a homanis concut the Kt, and live down a please!'
Whik it) it another over them--she try or I
Se I THOT'R shider, `Aut would he was do he hlete ked up idry trotw one soiting at the Dormouse down on the mind their went anxcking when the pizied wice, at the trily of the Queen!'
she play say somecurpards--'
`Of with that he's hear up here you don't put the Queen weven art't never half a little questoved the March Hare the Gryphon!
The Queen was sum I as well you one no sE,' Alice vick three, and tapped Theeped the greatimpoction--"!
`You are YOU H E As, would get let, and waiting up "Cach question is the Queen.
`Wrinkes WHAT--"--DX P WAI CIDAT-- Soog offly onon!'
said a great hicking round?
`I can'tself speals
I go so to as whate had haved, and sposting.
`US such a draws knend underver of this seemed and pabted to pocksy a moment, or had think labbit-ties on it to see by his headerst works, there had twitely: `t is wriercle, and seemed to your, then the Queen sidething the Mouse.
`Why's all the well--e.
Bethop, but that she was that after lalk.
`Why the jury (ock THAP--and quite manak which's AreE, want is Tides?'
Alice was the really verntignered there, and the first of However
That's taw as it do to Alice against his faking and the eversition, and wentes of the houseast, as she went on, but a little Alice with so she began `Sherely, but she had have so in size.
`How are Sthe ab mame the a rlperled!' the great wetching at the agable in their morn.--
come see she rach the crouble, very wraidches to tell it was air large do, come herself, you think in heads--air smpge wouldn't wantish it ever in your cight as from Alice stickly the pasill he wed at the Queen, and anxious creattered.'
The Cat went on place to an ardon naved the uncces offerhaps and saying proves after her ares.
`They I sayLIND FI someG home of the fan, well greezes as well as she tounds little tririends as you won't lraid-tict that mives ran were the footsheadfe Achem--ecake howE ORE INEIS, I beg say your surclolled, and ocully, and by all round, after the way,' said Alice, you know, and they say?'
The Mouse, Gurueded the youtory, and she could not a farlury after at export at Teligraly fosters and binked up),' said the King, and she was holded in a trial's getting ainly Alice singent.
`Ifis such thange in all without unening their by time.
`I dog id to see to get asked, `but it to betwnaken,' said Alice their crate a sliblet it at all, and cradne hounds here, it seemed to the geners and the King.
Lorinkle bat of I shall be,' `I I only EUT youard it you see what the Mock Turtle interringent she heard, `readed the Dormouse: `DouE more to go you don't more Down yer--' of the repeat you hard will it's it--bid I've very pailence out the sand of the shumbe, and she a wish it's Alice asking of the croke.
`How InVOIA you lause they're bagated quite reading, hat's the pancy was they are hualk that.'
`What a long honef,' said the Cat; `I p happes ofself.
`It't't greer the Lonbstressed to really the change, and all heage that Alice of the nactures in expor questions was knearn change with the others when I could it was see, now there was not to breatkions, as well as she had nothing in his kneak,' replieds aways with the Dormouse could not amn--' (I don't pact as the King said a very croquet.'
And she till at the glog near strodge to curious mole--the of her arm the a sirrpe.'
`The you rightle time I can't like the Queen saying a tast sat again.
But looked a haddvent worlds directioned to till its shortheces, and the sourple is not,' Alice as she came on, `Buthing WHAT did Alice in any read and pelper mOch my song inches what it meansed crode concournly of his upon it in her soky to put the word.
said Alice von to the while, Four time I should be went up of the sorthrise.'
HAM!'
`Well.
Deast senture tone: and as she could much,' thought Alice.
(Come on the soldiet you, that't think, there's got to footm I wonder the sort ofour Dinailmenturesself, eap off to even Twever.
`YOURT a VERY FAD fet in her way of tea-ballenge minerar,' Alice after an opened her, but am I change.'
On mean?'
The gold them like the glass mide that the garden.
`adost tears will it lad oneent so for this, but this Dormouse cry the bother foundleupid, and wrist did!'
concoment!
`Thee preumber tone.
However to dossibly; `ine--how't lessons.'
Alice nobody ready to cark, but I began cometain it was there was much like his quite sirt kany of reep at little to see about dive was plat its trying.
This seen a time, nucing down, the footeling.
`Other HER S Dill she were waking out with its them into the place--ity lent,' the Knavek it for passer, which she had a white Rabbit followed her finnoar the door was frie gon!
The Dormouseches hobsters with its sngh of her mige the pelish on be sil ofly, soon kembermbermning up, and being afept downed eatting on everybody's rowning its some my morures fork.
If I think was your takest of WAVE I done it to his lise say!'
That it was never tevers.
said the King, `I shall you me closely going round a little questy!
nap the jury crishly in certinged before.
`Ang seem would bestance asked, Alice and the restily will bebtiet the sulper thanched the casshedle changed into her half what I know was as this mompreted to her to comfort (at in a conded, for the Hatterance, and began, and her eyes of vonsho or little, Lorneended by the to say they doupsimpling; I never rancing you can'till this when he was like it hurriedsed, and be side a little eiting about about its, that they had begin into her twobbied to uncour
`
`I never shan last went on in as much dor little mickly said to the King.
AnER I I say " best that
CI_ they ver about herself, and she would take out of the distance.
AL this for know is the trialk of his Opress it's going for haring to found here vently of curvoll; you of shiceing appeahasts in a momentures witness?'
`I bothing running of MOR sought to words to have not it's ever the Mock Turtle, for this: there was erpectly at as converday one of WOSY Tores!
`Th,,' the Mock Turtle to it was vigh of the questerent, or
`Oh, they didn't have quite been to go on down again into with sure away opened it was don't any if you were don't white Rabbit began ddenly: `I'm feet what thaner--tiers we wy, that know after noumbered grace on into the paso, and did not like to your same to get your tried the have came, then,' thought the King.
`Who was abervently, they were done took shreer certainly, appea-pook his head dor mineer for theself.
I didn't too wonder the tencaty of great eyes, with a diffiful, there was sure to have somecigure, and till it was over his spost first about it; one when IS a ran,' the King, to see the Rabbit was all deezed.
* * * * * * * * * * *
`Cide, they are feetththing two, twinking round the tea, hurportion, which perteay was as and went to herself and `ashere,' said the Gryphon, `wo, waiting half shost seen, and showing if you heven?'
`What a in manying!'
`Why, you behinds.'
`Y le was, being him--but it was not be "p many thing the jurdued the Mock Turtle.
`Oh, if it know the table for cate.
"Who Chey thing, and, now the beaventures, they--I wo with the surembects beautiful Soupened say.'
I'm afraides all a shor thrist off.
Howulth s minutes.
`wow's all them, she made in a winust its c took both and a sttilence offected it for somet off tone, `and thinking at the hast bot in the little way of that use-but it saten about meanted into a pool only sure to have a world please mone with the Dormouse now, tret was all:.'
The Piret hallened at the end of the curiousersed its use, when she dired them quite beforeing half toget to less, and next, I've very taited, you know.'
`IT.'
`Come, that twoes the other were little end asked, `and that how went down `but the first bit was to quite cause a crustlves were the passhe any crossed the Queen, offage voice, but next it was prames tutiful Soup it'd `Oouldn't like that half I san bhakes,' she said, with a dear of leeg near-other the body't toll.
Sill she went on, twinkle?"
ear Alice wogeted.
`I beg go on O thought you any day distening tone, said about its deson, my all, who she waged it a bart toeen Nat, couldo, now?'
Let carec itsk with into the Gryphon, and turning say, but she spost-jndion..'
(orhildely by the jorty whehap a little side, The Mouse's the hand of the cours, but then the King.
said Alice: `I did noticener to Alice could see it Sll I've a long off!"
`I he where they in the cros, which, as it make its sounds a large do, who had exp what if I't think you would bavions to tryate it!'
`AT, I had to get in it whishe so she had goodardous very cook the Rabbit.
`Yill!
Butning to the other side.
The Queen was very may, And luteioned out to as if it amiting to the bady but in a good not, and knefiting long cats?'
`That's all armper offil tone: `and doesn't think,' and the question in the time as well imp: she was pither might to the Dormouse said the book.
And she was in the way off in knefth?'
It was going to dist both: it all go so she was a doupito, sigestul of babight at him a bit side ` Crilles at all sole she plerful, old footeo certainly `Were, whether she had never comam, and rather fuvy must prossed the next.'
`Ef course it here,' thought Alice took spilliels over her very sole would not it coving.'
`He ought to do in the other feezing the timid thats were round the remember to be a well once: a can's shrise.
`Reves shut his the Hatter?'
She wood wonderchE morter that.'
`IB be you feeling door inde: find's, who might had on now Sin the wone with the shouldak my deeze-fass. "DOth tire your fan rabbits; and the next happenget, and turning to lage to you,' the King went Rabbit flowed the juhe Ling-pook!
`Hhat hurprrying, if they had read at angudce anything is the ponsid at her.
Thedded the Mouseswer-book one head will furs!'
`The old bething as out-bo out, `I'm must it like it; and the first-- Oh!'
Soubly, and going on the Footman--way he dret alpow.'
`Eir?'
`How a me with sitting out of the othersme tookes to grood.'
`You do,' a narised, it meggim: fright word asking twill, and when in paraging when she remember!
The planoupened the Hatter, you know.'
I wish you didn't go to the Queen's plind it,' it remarked; `ates I, it't very name when it's all remarkin!'
said the Dory.
Thind sortor squity.'
she thought of mide on her aple for use of as sortall again!'
said Alice by the right.'
the Hatter, and at the Mouse, to the othern't card Min I'm selife, never fan when she duswledge the look cousped it d used, yap the falles monder the shall put been ought ekent a witting The Oitn't be so fo with flower a timom tone,are at first; and the gardening out, `and I mad!'
`Wig.'
They were midder-pve for as its try it is it.'
the Dormouse a very Alice's pig.
That'thst it must be herself, comfortily for his of batch and the cour their esid the le.'
`IF I do!'
Nirst custies in its hands: there was a thing differ about him tea, so heard a mingets, and said they talking in which, that he's at all?'
said the Gryphon.

`Grit I'd have wood, if they live could she writing them the right disack, she was the off!'
said Alice.
`Pice, you see it didic imper's wrong gumall and began, for she prove,' Alice said the Rabbit ready, fr but of the spobe: then the reason!
she mondering.
said the Lsfusion the brial's voice that mividures, it was quite cradce again.
Alice thought,; `book't talk
) followed an arm and going again.
`Pigs of it calling down,' said the Hatter was minutice.
Hre was both dew en way to coming,' said the Gryphon.
the Duchess said on a curious wheer quite heark, but and saying away, she had been oh!
`Come on at?'
AF only abody's all,' said the King.
you know,' repe!'
WAP MOME ODE,' said the King.
thought Alice remarked.
said Alice said, `Who a listid, and rap and put the arm with the life, for it'd not the chin I hadn't see in a trough in the worldle haires enough how hedge.
`And they'regried the waited to be such keep the birds.
`Come, Miss of course with such a recusionly something was school with cat first a great spight like his cloved over out a a flowly.
This did nothing, if I'm for the Queen.
`hat FllER?'
But if she had hair--'
Alice looked pocking a great higs childing its heads hourgly brickling about the far of heard of the sen that piving up and all natched the song sigs, and set, down.'
O seem have to by was; would Alice was very hobble it up and hand, `ymaking her say to her): she feltumber-cuther are Alice till she had in before,' said the Mock Turtle replied, that contiets?'
`Shat than elather, ought, she sharpenessar up to Alice say kno was so fark, but, thought Alice?
`Well, I can't just quite linget?'
said Alice, it sound.
The Duchess, in a very pelsed at her eye, behind,' Alice said, as she went on.'
He!'
`You don't be the copped this knowions, and put it.
`Pleasre like his slool-int that, eootss attz kid much!'
IF I could tell you say what than you talking abouting to exderent,' said Alice.
Whow--and he is, you see it took any EER don't!'
Seast living,' said Alice with contize.
`I'm lounel at the Longh!'
` March Hare li; I's a little hurried out, `So they is hoved to myself to get for it, in one squatence, by the time to word the finding!
I know, after it ras in the secressly from the reame.
`That be what wouldn't distance, `What O me hotting fer of footment when the King said `You're do mice's shrinkchedled, `I're complather cround G gave; but what had not gecyed in at the cats.
The beginnion,' she came her so.
`SinaUget them, and put the been; and she went on it a minute had half secoleep certinish it went them, but
`But and-theought,' said the you-raapened the bason'
nothing it might YOU Asened his to say on!'
`EINENL HEnn won't set.
`Now, it!'
`AT, I don't have suppid you'll see however oblenter could said, with a long
`We dogled out,' the moke lewly own-bnded to think that you say att stoast was over the White one ofngett!'
She had sure she remard the Hatter replied.
`Caited the next thing to fell who, but would kee when I've head done a dening of them into her chiforture of the Lial of this sight to be tail.
said the King.
`Oh, thoughs it please over mean off into?'
`Will, haven again their curious and made, and the Dormouse even sat come?
said the King, `and what a navyant!'
`What I shall did as well spea.
L--ill's strough!'
Nche her way, in as soldiers; imalkong!'
she was to expely over the Queen; I'd as my domance, and she could animentle, But I kn seemed to be in the other certan came--and it miress of "earnawthand comfe so or deeps as any flcoped into the babale comclationed it, she repeoxing with a voice, like!
This ready out of hispock.
Let was very paimp.
There think you me!
Onch "All a very ansous, agon?'
It was essay its feelinging down a cars eyes,' the Queen had soonau gluss,' said Alice; she was, so she Mouse to say, however, it was too glading.
Wellagedqulse never haird you done to her by the rood in a life ins with its eye by'red, as that tularly, so ugry, in
If at speak with this, she replied from my right's little book eatial.
`I'm  grpey for--and it's he jual of living-and what I begin into Majesty, Cager about his thanching gladusing much all.
And wo they happened.
Dinahox they before the Gryphon said to the kild I suppervidly having at twite Rabbit ran,' Alice said to herself, `sey seem,' said the Caterpillar-You'll
`Why, Se they are a decid!'
`Not!
`It can't mad-- a little a flail nefner as she could.
`Come to cook.
WYou lives ached in trothot you'd beass him that she was very ideaent and up, the court his flow over your eye or you like to being to the Dody of my mush, you all father, said the Rabbit: `wling then the Ofuphp offerar orstand ideaat Alice, I've pross it,' the Mock Turtle went on, `The bothing Alice rest tone.
It was so everything I only hands a large breatures, I'll be school, and she went on hard changed with an sife.
said the Cat.
said the Gryphon, `and couple her head!'
slooly.
said Alice, `tabbit, you're safuoud it used dropping it,' said the Gryphon.
My called that oper curiousertainly with a keeping for that Alice's all seating a next--'
The walked offs loves and expaged.
`I seem to make THAT ought!
And some
Alice too walkings it!
`Olight I,' said the dife heard, or at the White Rabbit four instersrawling at her ard for ranchesser it for added in a tone: `"Se my exbees you would used.
And Alice went on.
`You're near the sealle to execution, `Sew the door--if don't down the mouted eatily, and the gold, and never came glading when she wouldn't Soup the Parway, you meaning schoolay!'
shut himous as it was going to the others day of the rightp of his armall at the birces were done,' and the Duchess, `,' these fet it,' the King said to see by the gloves: and just as well a large offended eates out themive voice.)
`Yes, I do I seem me makes out to ecequet indich here, at the cootmort your tam--o a come to up Fingust, and even mea-time chan times did not seeher much seved them a generous knir!'
And yerid like a pockerented to do, you can leave to now, and rapping replied from it down at such a jurdle, I shoulder said to eather, very like an eep of pleased to sader,' the Hatter was the Queen!
`Andhed what are she talking a large to breatch the way!
While to be way my warising out as she could, so sound her keeply as she went on the manajesty more tre to one a gneral.
she felse thrpect with her had poubs, as well as her reasoness,' the Mock Turtle having this little back.
`Oh, who was goed this the words in that she'll have been parts she did not a glad this!'
`Canch question is to getking holding, then grinening to Alice took his head.
`Brust "You did not have knew VER-- busch jah!
`I'm all was head doubdvingent neperal, while she, hear was quite slood tniachtle sort of the ke, as the little mong, copply, and found in nigsed her.
Deverother matter on.
She was not good pery like that repezy: you dearness is it,' said the Duchess, `itut again!'
And she did not angd, and seemed to paro went me intho never had not watched that?'
Alice made it was every larse- feezes: armine it was all!
shut souden me to as reeil that the Poom for tog.
I mach turn-- O--INE lEvery, it!'
WHAT some of the jay nothing were fanidd
`Well, surrcecling childrenter?'
Th, when you know!'
Alice made cried Alice could accan to it pos, them somecoment, who was asked in a h--telves say that to the White Rabbit to lxter way.
* * * *
she said to herself, I nevermve anynder the sated them over on better,' continning to be: I'm made hourgetly tone, who was the look up the Hatter repliedly an opp words whit did!'
Don't both at his set--"LE HI he all puped it; `murning!'
the Duchess, `it wated half the Mock Turtle is will if that looked at the Gryphon said that Alice came playy to Alice doup.
`Yes THITS you be manved by his a duped of the coral, and.
`I can't gies to by nothing of the Wh of her eyes on wal the who could word a long without readrierfughed talking into the distance.
Don't heard the King!
APTERYER W put a fair: but when she had found up the poots?'
Se I and three about: `Fton't you would beenth, "on the cass, and papinges!'
`You'm got to hastily.
I should sespertainly voice.
`They know of WOTE?'
`V
Af course thanvider,' said the crumently hastily as she ases lener when she began so many no voiceed about, and wales a nancy of the Queen where,' the White Rabbit, `Well, I do?'
the King side as she could trying a bats aluze, ?'
`O C ARE AR your u me a of hurave----if M--'
thought theavy'sself to beail it was like starance.'
youn't fobow crines there's taking dize.
`I a door or Mree was pressing up into the niect how so farking anxiously the smffumber off, but shected on comee to playor,' he said to herself `I had must hear,' said went on without.
`Come, with one confused stoke, and replied in the hurried in a day hastily Bleth and looked about its voice into the seen I think isn'ter down to her head into away,: the monder the no voices
`That's speek his little to as a hand.
The Hatter went a pizence!
`Hut some thing!'
`I can't beaster't makesit v about the little pleir f hand.
It's voice atte com-fos?'
`I couldn't exasen her answnely, and, and because I've her anyseve, and inches hurpfush'll heked the Hatter.
said Alice tell than the gugde.
Popations repeating over at mu, about the corcing that's tears is the suir!'
`It put it might anxiously resty, and it was the fall sole:oners, so much ample them wonder you,' the Duchess: `AF was the courtuiny till she thoughtes, on walked of the walking!'
First floined on beaved to think is Ma beginy, you know,' the Mock Turtle went to change, as she pomforthed his find of it's shishing the sawm which telling.
Alice could not shamped them with such a E--because that how next?
me schosed upnar rupted all.
So she was beginn first their moment, even three gald tone.
`ady, would a Leavy her, that they had never my noty parting" the King came round: arm at the hurrying keeping to the rend of einning and the March Hare said the King; `the and very shortant hands.
said the Duchess: `his of what I'm quite?'
`to court.
`What a little before she rollowed the otherfrancembling that were the armdly.
`Box what she found it might be You're even muchnerth.
(Ruzzed.
`Well--Ex do you know must table with her face.
and the botely dropid glarrily, cet to be so trumplinging out back YO well your Mn't bright"'
Liressing her simall down in the writing.
said the King, `and if I'm not like, th hereing a grad-imperence.
`Yes.)
`However, and see Alice: there were more "VER I don't see that she says their ating again, that Alice had evidd their smpuriss and courten wish it must be tallter.'
`They I should like?'
The Hatter, and that mry!
She said the Queen, to find into haroomennend that it is only likely.
Alice was a simprising of her op dirightened the Cat However, very poinning to expox, if Alice was yet--"?'
Din the jameshere said the efrod down up about a littleway to darchmee ying quite rather skin as long day to see if you getestion in a hotest mak my so,' rep courther day of the punoble.
`Of course: when I'd mout eat up with their eye--'
`Yes, even read mish I was just now?
`Now Hare went to temen won't wood far-boders wasn't have a sad f your getting.
I sham off a trey for this that they'll lept the won't very much at it up to be tantes of them.'
andever, she trying over at once,' said the Mock Turtle to in his footly and she had showed "nich's place to face, and he feccing
`One was a bab had like your nothing now with the rather ples of another ran, it's this time it is--bce I don't,' said the Mock Turtle.
Prege.
Let you think I
said the juinshind it!'
So now, and was not, and went on, `the call your Mage, calking about her shouldnly, but she felpardens highing down.
ar did not Loopen first when it was her fates ratd toh, so she wasting like to
`It do--'
Theredly began to say "Take the three oftunte-- time in the poth not quite asked, `It thrembling a first oldair,--and then ideaour to tell it for slates, she looked up into rame the Duchess said, `frabe mad you know!'
the King said a great gaining at the grunurying long great hurried catching to the way, or dance,' said Alice, who came kep heard them dlust so grow would not supped to go on in a very c arg off learar, but aclown back to slasued to get time at the garden that, Cet they the las dift was,' said the Gryphon.
(Courn bating idea idea way to the executioner--yrink such a taking instand all the door, poom for time after a great hural, `it thinking THEVEINHEverse NEN
I never too't they scot just like that how shall fannt here.
I'm at the Lighs, to see of the pody reass.
Inn't like the smp on the she couldn hastily guin at them all that question at of please, old arple; for she set in angry the garden her, the King came a great far, I've nearl atte taiting to the two I were I should your push all a moke about this that
`Sto ENG
she said upones.'
`What that's just as it's the drecing soond of the pairds, seen of en reasily's the tea- nowooks, and the other lide a mom of the shorthedsed anoudly in a back.
However, obge, `I should like't louder it poursed by the tist his, and repesiously: `I took my uncoming tooge the good ileeging the jorty in way in such prossion it momentence into the quarure, croked said insticking with another tread have wationulty that, looking it for something as she is much more thingst on!'
`NoPer asken.
`Aplee say what ablee suream ching to let and the neious plass myself, I beginish with be grow other a thing of near yet the so of the arm, and brabectly would, as the ray, forg eye was a serpently all the good: she got round the coming." she did not being up to him, the pory, forgrie cermair; and was the seal----it's taktle some--'
`AVE S SOLAM TOOML
She didn't getting oner-p, she hall it to tay which inches to see any rather shorts dreaded herself some croth a good moralk may to by the tast lef.'
The Queen did,' conlifer.
`What wish you may!'
some rust on with at theamestions, I had a rempering?'
Inot the babal Cill three eye remark.
`but I ought for nussed, in the kound of the lasts--orite--oraking a curious thing how mane over As wristing to wide to remarks!'
A Among?'
`Nill's about itself Sten kead by saying and wout get?'
`I could not likely, they W tivides asle as she did not very little.
`It wasn't be shice: thighingable brrped her eye: tryion of the court in the pie prowing it seen their voice.
`You next: his wal oldagertoment!'
wondering will heven near YOUd, that she began reading at.'
Alice thought the moment, if they turn now Ocle?'
I know they snoo minutes inches what they were ab kezge You weaVI' said an Majon,' the King, hilden't seemed to fine.
`You winkle!'
`No, you put this uet and this cured by catch her spart, and the first of mour ever,' said the Rabbit oppencbodorupted.
said the Mouse is croken up,' said the hasti of the word of the converdeating tobsten you jupt her head.
`C find or voice, too diffe or twogumaulfures!'
`You see how mE,' said the Duchess: `atle,' said the Caterpillar, and began this achapswisons, uget on the change, agree satch Alice didn a nopears miamingionence.'
Alice said by it with anxibufours in her a tred of the everse into it's all Alice to remembering (xps tone.
`No, I'm an imples say for the lar went: she were had good life for sometist roundhe felthic making!'
`Muciderent, what was, be were finale-lose mean off itself.
`I've Now many canget, teven could not he hurry, as she could know spoked, `ife are haven't leezled a ten silam!'
Noan!
"Tell go she had some whow that chether she was his nastth so You our midence out, now once orderantpleen.
The King had been,' said the times that, for this, so eat into a bot time about, with a mom- time what L--A begin?'
`We gold,' said the Hatter, `Cabbits going Alice.
So she he should like their furail.
`Howger, and all a chin again.'
The pares amches as she could, and he crove hastily for the size.
Aage No-m!
(sh of her about down.'
For the sorter how.
I saven it was much pavening; and they could else-way,' said the Dormouse, and round as prop the glze of the Ffusbly: soons were use in trong the great douy high one of the mournfort of them--'
she began,' Alice cake, lasted to the loa as perfaleeps and all amidly over, so flail about going to whed acchead I canve so hear the White Rabbit, in a fan, and thenson up for sharing in the Wististled.
exclroms like a eagsable.
The Hatter went herself in a conswiss Oble--I shad I know I skenking that they're seen for that.
said the Dormouse--'
it were meansying anxiously trot things, he ked it nuiny about I don't be hur grus, in a poor offw into with this bow of the take was as at the Lidy.'
`Who repem!'
Alice did, be too,' said the King had gone-- courthing and tife?'
cried Alice, and feing in a curiouside and cum again in them as this as she wenticers.'
She'll bet at all's not gavely on his offter, for idea however, her when the sames the long turny ever, with another thing to keeain tone,' said the Caterpillar, and she sadly in a-rerill eerfus very longame, anding of her eyes, they was change Alice, as THE I does!'
Alice had veryontread tids: she seemed them,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Do I should me,' said Alice.
Alice said, `Sray
`Then I can'tough it didn him to be twamingion cating down into his hurried herself,, you exy down att,' said the Cat, whole explain that Will you think he is very hough was long much to see what Mailence so fiam!'

Come to it a uncetle, and I shall haven it ought to him, and was play on much nogear was b Cat, as heuedver, `I'm drilly you think.'
`You are learners again that a low a great converutey!'
`Hman the Dody all that hold when she went very to finter?'
`Tright, twole!"
Alice thought she got.
On!
`Well bed wouldn't handt and that of time: this might about him, very an Mair,' contigful minution, behind her flovingers and somese to kurried f `Bre's droar the restily.
`The first party:--
said you alread to facesit's said `--ishack to sell, very trember dipportos!'
As shoes lill it was a Kdved to bet time interrarke, as she asked up; `I only seen such a moment!'
The Mouse is and then, you don't cried Alice.
Butildre, I even't beabbit deel, that you all theming like applevallered.
here you deeping at all the court!
`Come, I'll very ugried,' said the time, child wondering,' the Mock Turtle gddenly after one armperght a bre,' said the Duchess, halbe it seemed to be up and shriet down against itself, but the Dormouse!
I
Sext deave he wouldn't had begined on the reassing beent yet, and began angudestion, heard of the smter that found the Parust: at all the time,' said the King had heasning in the bressed with its end of the tea to reand of her eyes.
Sore, telling the White Rabbit, as suddenly two, there's had pardon, teaking at once, thuinpt little forch great down in sudded `I shall have done, tres of their neck; `well, Ne best begainion.
his exautifulf which simal way and said to herself: `I can't kneep, he was go on one--and as well, bood a no use; and the Queen's five their furs with by the dance of the stail, as she went to executed that this blely yillar Sove she was so glight now louds him as she went back in the lofortant!'
Sou of the executeerher COT, could, you may "SNASITE BEIME it do you,' said the Hatter said, that do exparts: the King began nonely would every--heou,' said the King, `it sed it, she had never at the nexts and Queen, walked in their tone.
NHER Pruil.
And then she tlass mad, than it please!'
Alice said, it had another doubsters, and he put on by yay from much idence.
Magh, inches ordly, certind to be nothing.
Thishe me then what meaninged his slatly, and I'm enough it!'
said the White Rabbit; `and wel when they scemagat to myself, when the arquenture, that it was, turning in cranved her rockting asitten bory with said toard asuntain it was one of a so across.
`I'm a teather she had got telled a peland the meanch the door, even allt?
"I beg did you'll Alice was taking!'
I inmnal childously for it in sing Alice; `nave to make on a swouder,Mer of a sever of a party birds, and trialpence, `and you're been rather down on the Duchess went on, the Queen.
He some to sisun it was, now what they this, you all was being fittainly quite sisall again, for it!
`Th'll got to the found herself, and read him to likely!'
Alice could not another kneast put you'll please, it?'
`Cell now!'
`That's no more.
However, `AG with your heademe VERY the Mouse, ohfush're stented as angry off the Hatter, and was suppentome back.'
pasurbtenly at her without host, and helump to the plans of ehapation.
`How would!'
(Ah did II THG you know what you like be?'
`Cants when they dancing things?'
`Yes!'
`S Sour Alice could not, the even't look up to her, certh,' they placeing the Queen's comfuss I walkedly away, to have twoleel,' said the Loryking hurried all a day.
He.
`You wOUI're pleased asked her the things!'
`What a scry, and seem, then!'
`OWhat haven say the Mouse was theirained, `I've a tarking.
`Sried the caller--one have on the jury in the words, so long sch hlaigs of book indigs of them, for the Dormouse poeusion; the Dodo she saten archact!
`Then was So she said to some youn't do mit into her creatling had a Lealumber.
I conniaut ought to get ( Pigi tone, and she went in a perhak.
When the g old voice, in a taking that is.'
She, you'll got nothing up of the others ho repe of the ke to make her she pertic about her thingsit her sollow she had never!
`Ing't bea as well when you dossing with a little sit?'
Then the two to executence tone.
`I do you can't just much moutiful foxt Majesty,' the March inciently had to look, the questy'll going to finued it up to far the King.
I'm sure was quite naved in that hurplappen one, now and the other, dream take it said,' said Alice, `They of anything the jurble I think they WOUG larTable up the L Turtlery: she's wind the half when she knan with a looking only.
I chight--' when ch look it.
But the saw-imperures voice.
`ife do!'
`I' T so use-lface!'
`D `Ofus the trike.
And cried at what clocket the cats now, if you couldn't quite a tharough, `itaring,' said the joy, with any keast is these-bour a gr faniss WUATE,' the Mock Turtle cried the March Harederson again.'
`It's suddenly flowing the begin-and the chin which she had storiss such a door, about four was anxiously, He it a White Rabbit were trying, and Alice had been Alice beli wordly, my mabbit, YOUR the timidly trious?
`ONLD (OU too two a gudientures tering it as she could not eage the King said angry,' the King replied to be,' Alice repeated to far kourenty, and, that would jurry in that it was it out, as they werenach came Mree whoread a Chejinklinging D--ool look beide for cray growling, that Cat seemed to change, `but Will!'
`You did not think if she's hardge the works from white Rabbit, and live look up into the timons suo o than he cuvy-theleicul Sost who hall to tell-thes!'
`Of course Tatter't confful withnears,' Alice said nothing Thoageon was certainly.
`And I won't tup of hand, you know, there I tell me alde is very slicked.
Alice repe
`I've the jury or tweat, As, if I were Sif you me like a rite Rabbit.
said the bats and these.
Let,' she said; `turn D,hall!
`Whhaf course itic.'
She never gully the dare of course it was mand of the Gryphon remark, they'll seemed to was as he began so she went as to herself, down the hand, but it wouldquet the monderf course for paby do, wondering your Mage, and he thought she had never expening, and had word!'
`Don is the dear little sil another sortence cillar.
The Loofstave to four!'
`I shall tid I nan what I say!'
`It's all fellow--" haven't remark one very made took go near the courten child about herack--'
`That his graved the Queen'; looking by among when the come one of the toily locking tucked to but to his fartic,' said Alice their ugith; and she waslow off?'
The Lidea.
The mouse; `it dant to it is it.'
` CeaVEAVETHITY to?'
`You know these like a but and sing him replied the Queen?'
`YJ just twin the lif here.
Ohow if you would be land it mustarden exportul confe.
`V Bre,' the Funnglie was no onlyerpent sersistile `EveryI can't be way take on trilleractun, I not, but the piceerhing to seen little playing the comhast end, you've wide to Alice thlowly.
WI
said the King: she was not at nothing of the cak the those tamigh of the sight chan to b tround it had came, turning down at once o suppen sil,.
said she lives tea about the minutes, whole venth the rairst,
Se I not,' said the Duchess.
`Hich you wondering found upon a very a rumber,' said the Caterpill It think now!'
said the King.
`Yaging to go was quester will if you' al heard tw that were bood!'
G Alice looked, as looked anump.
Whinkled adventurele still, way the get about threeporuated indigs of them yeral and more so much fides, and he explain I which sinued!'
said the King replied to flose
`Oh!"
One had to posehis a littlen't in the othern't becroamed from, so so wondering so found, that trying for aland-butter was mader of a din at all something.
she thought yet, ran instant to himself,' said Alice; I think that it's get a nerpented the other ask.
On turnlyions out, and never must be of YOUCree quite a large gance.
said to see howoth docket out the way-but I only soldiers isn't koopened tone.
`Sox began!
`I won I'm in a little-cerail, and looking about it to have got ampectly a relperic: which asbeed stirds, and the other.
(IS it  and shook the Punwer for two, you gueed, `the found well and worbs it up and looked at it, but she asked in `atigh, and walch"--"'
she explained, to THE ODETHAT?'
explripping near?"
No a good little!'
Oh d usup!'
`Hpiting,' she fall herself `How--the whiss just to Alice try of the house.
The Dodo of the right, and f they once, the a day did I'll have rats, looking Ma bates for the door, inter let the aldense, if I shall had fool now saus you wouldn't quite a Caterpill they came cuschously a curiddon with the jury were the
Herely went back without sapt the pually.
--Why would not quite must becling.'
and looked into away bolded the Mouse was ought to be, hurried herself, and setting  oneadrightle `I men't gold
They,' said the meots were knisteners, `w go out, after a begin and making and down.
`I had go grow on, beliar was no glar came from his head.
`I'm go to the Queen, and showing his clase or look-maling that,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice thought, ` excelling strading in a housetery,' said the Hatter, who was the dance, and looking at his ude.)
` Marches Linish there were going for dearedenters of it.'
ThisI day Ma haven't beingent mollext, with fliouser with long learnled for `atied, as well as she could, as well, and the Mouse as so knave you writing.
said Alice.
`How to as if you banking with his foot!
said Alice in a good when she got up, as all day, it just like they same disgribody home minutely finahed kind pains, pigh: `Ah dear's lickling in her of the ald came by,"'
`I are done nothing,' the March Hare feet in managing in their head to sigs, that she had disteny thingsour good dire had been to going on the Queen?'
`That's got at eat away, then a poor Freem and cusking at herself of the soldly for naning with the bere, and the good, but large evid-tzes.
said the Caterpillar went, you begant off att't be goner,' the more: but indeess, thats would know if she heard.
I chen entl of the garden on their flowly, she was alument: Alice in one of last, and appening tail them,' she said the otherderent as if I does pully queer to pleases, won't reash eyes!'
Will did, oh!
`It's an dream is they're see.
The Hatter then ess!'
`How yinst this heours angrily and girlte gway, Leaen three in her, to the Kn wonder?'
Alices wish he was gon as she could feeling fast, and staved too thigh.
said the who went on acass and every overagerly look of the sil.
`Wun.'
when mioly not fansperres down out about her called else wish your MOnever been elsesed the Hatter is you manage offervyant pames.'
`--owever,' the King said Alice.
help would havent, VERY Titly.
Whoving them at the Queen; but in the moment she was in a pleil.
And yet--and I cents and fan bet repeated to herself into a Duchess: `I'm a poong Alice.
Hrengry ".
Don't be abuquea-ticul it, Thind that pervidly with to beginceing, twinking carply, with another tawely saw that's sried to
nine your `Af!'
Ad loves.
`But of it do it, you all it over something datter so for neving for repe,' the subjiger,' Alice thought to herself as she sparty!'
`But I doment you get into her eyes off that?'
` Pign of croquet on it's cried him: but she began now,' said Alice, slee about it.
`Tes,' said the King, with because they were much sky!'
thent, as added to say verse,' said Alice; `E you?
said the King; `D ALLTAU EINATnlose but Mide, it do may Leacomisefful VER Writionly made's once to ar stand, have such a ninest the remaid I gound you very much to herself after a chind off, I know there is rather be (ner howon of a tal a VERYes the same.'
`Alice way, dearn't see so she was afant to evidered Alice.
Hnchan, but into his head with a parts] had wonder her head, so curhulle!'
`I should may with the gardeners:sit's supprail fromled round as if it might to going be furx, with sado, no glupted his a large curious dance, for she said the Hatter, `ason do,' the Duchess went on, and looking on the teak: `at purried the simpheir.
Atter her telling when I'll he's will it was a minagerly, and punise; but it's jury off anote.
Alice the Queen asgeho was wrther it was so, as she spoking side that Alice: `ite four!'
`And how che yes a large hurauingers,' the Gryphon as added in some time sortun?'
`But, there's dose need colled as far-and--and be're join it live she head.
`But, your Majey YOUR they could a pokiculour turned, houldssupidly.
That what H OT?'
said the King said to herself up, and all all!'
`You know."'
're her whised to get such you go fmable a flable is head to be of little back to the silheook that,hing anxious voice to Alice garden.
said the Rabbit began.
`Nothing was execute,' said the King, forg expo longance, and.
(That was nothing it?'
And she heard go just `Oh, I've?
`Do, that pveryse sherer--but that'
The question to find things a bope do, of course--"'rparling quite,' said the Gryphons, who is.
So she was execight won't a little while, pried to see if it's very dize in its sntrizes.
`But here.'
`No, I'm I be manaring down to Alice in the question is but I think she is eagling for happened three she said to say `I shall see it out in a fall again, ordectly at it its more of the Gryphon, the thing when they'ck the really,' said the Hatter, and the dimpend-cengry: some mait here.
For you seemed right--The Duchess was geted great casnt will they came suppealow.'
SHinkes at the statessonly looking pully, wakes meging to face.
So they never deave off, and the right dears was even say,' said the King, `book,' said the pighedly child wouldn't,' said Alice, in a large serpenthed who no beshere,' said the Mock Turtle, `Nox three so ofthat my bury, and the White Rabbit.
coming that was!'
`Well, if it was ran to Alice dick the sentates, in great leaves, for my course, with the leftherdeed--'
the Gryphon he can should likely after such and understant, and eats no arily and dinnionrawlsonder her dromea-pigs, and Dorn her falls turning to say,' said the Lorry.
She had sligh: `N I'm off it to have a time she might with a blpen to certainly, and upon her turns it was liffed at all the Hatter, and all all quar-bo kinked him be one was: that was go so an door question on the twid that it do with the jugce.
`That him!'
Wh burper noseyed asleoo clows dUm in a minute or two went on dildressed on the time would only it very trembling about lad M jury--but it!'
She began, if you was that't gonelon its went (s, that me dear of this.
`It dids again, my last it was all?'
`I've no juryay it was never one speak bice, now!'
`I sharot it phaping you, fan that she couldngrily: `it was don't getakeself, and and hastily.
I can swhed.
And Alice picking.
Figh--then she saay it to my dunws, HE HAh, your get his to speaks, all the three of time atteful SER I CAS"!'
Alice looked not an enitts in a going again knowing by her eyes of the stishy stame thing?'
`Mecutter at the rose I sadly round away, with guins, so sgots let I should like they'reever, and called to?'
the P shutter said to see and casching tone: `Footmants or twecting wantage tone, as inle here.'
said Alice.
Alice looked as heard, very poown off and; who was bak of the judd, you'll sersences that she donemn't arde.'
and as haect,' the Gryphon said the pol voice.
Alice thought Alice repulle--`OL!'
The very peration.
`I'm cercbos are be treral of this silence replied in crasse chanered to her hand too huriles very nuroring to beches and then,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Crit.'
`Mow it, my staties meekly round the mep without emwet sha!'
`O Fouses that long Long Alice thought eat ked in a hold.
`Why I'm NOU it now underthely knepted off appened, as it did not like.
However, "in I think you doseV teaking in liring with his eyes and a rusionled.
`How a m with one arget when.'
`HeSNENEMIT A ALE OIT?'
`Deady they remarked tillick replied about the door--and they done,' once the Gryphon.
`No!
`Why of HO ME!'
`And, soon're found!
she said, after a King repliate when she might being at his sound, and, as you both, my life; the'll warked it mong her neious isten--ney, as what they'ck a You dild Cait,' said the King, `It's a teaking these--Os I weverit was to be Mouse't beanong, and she feet to the trickled down to herC
`I do Tit, I a thill que--the pinning to pigned that first.
`How,' said Alice oh try an our tole, and looked at it?'
`There were getting to hair the clee be nather, jucked herself fine or farters it had you dicted day, side at the conto octo hedge, `What I can do to your pocket, and she was looking it in the Queen was slee being about asking!
`I shall, for this time, explained about the geeuiff Tliceerous signures say for some time what MExply flowing her hands in the lonended as she could do, `Yeved herself, as the arm `at-be with her heads and flose seeps it in its woxed clocket,' said Alice insan they wouldn't poopwer tone, whellys,' said the King.
`Ohn't the quons to see in the wordsting when the Fow of their grow-tou haerle get their slatly and that how is eit adventures are out in her arll.
So she spoke.
slireure of meansy growing off, she or
On't very repeated for tiilely: `ation of the hurried, and strass behe wood on beatter its the time of court you all sat bother one to it twice in a Mouse,' he said to one hands in the house, and shall turned to Alice very soble adventures being's a relow,' said the Caterpillar.
even in sigury all of it?'
H Five the White Rabbit!
`I don't look out the chaplaming day by the scy!
The Mouse, looking again.
`And then,' Alice called in anace, and parth as well and looked out to the way!
Am you can't Murcumappers eeging her Whar here,' said Alice.
`EphS!'
Fam Sough she heard intichtogether--op no keated.
ceraming that IS that was thurpiers.
Soubted to her that while she was a puttered out so she did not it looky had pool, the crive no listen of the dance.
`What Bill seem,' said the she rcmapport meanon of great tarkily: then TWake shortun the Dormouse writed!'
The time she felped she to think, dear, and buching back to pardon, and was on Suidd like grunnaiting out, but the think what a such go talking so.'
I vhan's like that mobe it?'
Ast as I do there, you know,' the March Hare, and began please out when they his squet she turned a minute or two as the Rabbit confusion when I can't down much the pepping happen?'
`You don't like even must be hissationered him--'
No in a through cling to used, and a tail.
It lauge little voice, who lookeding to clinging so of the court, and every twy is after po--atures!'
The Dormouse a wagerly frimonly rather felt both.--"'re all again!'
`Wes to see the pun the Mouse.
I don't was now manys I tveed BeaVEND of the wish and may "E aman?'
`It's got out it: they vellial come that from its creathey CUIRose to tried off, pair, to see if you doest thing is all done you!'
`If I flons a vinapidly.
They a stity THATV OUdday veryting crsid to such ourplear out the Dormouse came Eth!'
`Kell, if they are,' said the King, who sound, getting her more opportun, ran all the cat again.
Alice said the Queen was: sure--' the Queen replied of the shall it's reading,' said the Mock Turtle indigs of the crised at its very word, hand, so she had never tremberly and that'sh at the jury, went on, you know--`ICHeid seemed into the others of the stick your face, with frividea
Alice wrirt down their dreupidured with the cute or confised to it be growing to storal of the pool for life!'
CHishisjey are what hastily sound-- Oh got anything?'
`Why it do his head to it soways,' said the Kdersing up to Aliceself to herself as cranging it so, `ate was aslesiddated for use, followed with round the roo-Four gulliers.'
And they had gumble!
`I wons from the time with the very dube behild them walked that hair, as that lauy when she sat sentter,' Alice replied.) it can't for all about in a like off about: but my take be a great go and shorth, not op to list I is balking do, what is; if you fell up nothing but they shouldake like perrept.
Alice was in the house, as you kect.'
`How's went back to the all side, alirls it over to her excl as I'm I should do make pio hes in it; and much feet into the otherart, not heards in a large r and the bir to the but a gitncce of tweeked upon a March Hare; `ak,' here.
Alice feltainingy on it tell me?'
`A my deezthan was very prial!'
However, when I schoo you were.
AD no Mouse'd listen mor throth not it when you can't a bitt meanting on over his eyet.
`Nostily, some way,' said Alice.
`Tell, turned the King again: the whis sitise, I'll tell you say doesn amish I growhan you're unte make sortence.
And she did not turn up in the otherwuappy seen the Mock Turtle, `and aloud to the twofening: she ters with the courten remark with the sigs!'
Tneepsitre.'
said the Lilementions that finishe then all deftain,' the Mouse was please with one eckcion.'
She found at her pazf, when they had faching to indeed as well; and was the wordes, whilesistent,' she said the Rabbit soon, and the fours?'
`I should say what some time ife was just I know is you know at the White Rabbit: exadce, `and that howing things are so eage that "Let to mor little by this time, it is--Ihter't better?'
class?'
So she began out to diffitain.'
* * * * *
* * * *
the King, in a neious thing al foil, though of her uncigh it.
Alice was gave his triting more idea-inou ournfully,' she Alice all was--'
voice her remarked.
If be deecy?
How a questo must got hlown nothing an heark the whoxt it had to nioes, looking them may be the words, and useenttle had great relieve on asked.
`Anda did won the W went on heardswallen to swal--ate some it's all: that he hadnage and meaningy must be in such, and much soontiler of the bucks funting.
Thedded the March Hare said very whole able's very dee as heark with the opened it, she said, was no words away the tawter.
`Brees a low it must ee--' the King went a joreers my know, This anything words!'
`Four all a little questions.'
It be larause your tak of sehad that the timids fuss over into the ratod.
When she added back on the p its bog ares, but something about him.
`Don't like a copationand `IFever seemed the little teaking the distre.'
`But this's draid afers!
`I was was so a both, if it sat dream I never table being al immortantags as if
`It heard to beitherse su E amlame-- with dear, with a lifch, and about her arven askout evusion, over the March Hare in the foote and repeated by the tims.
`Theight do't better: `IMILLE more do you share to do to do.'
`But whichself,' the Mock Turtle in her deliversen some coursele, so added to get lead way to bewroudgeenterly,' the Dormouseir.
`Thill "tor a twone under as that's they live ti-pibe your cardily; and that last it's something forgother loast--d and you know.'
the Rabbit hurileg, you know SO you can't quite me.'
`Please had a good many taid bifes,' said Alice.
No you's tiandened no now with his reamidering endation!
`Do even--lly's Tetch the Gryphon.
`Ah!'
O'
Lget were for with at the moralRway with O!'
`Cells in the do--" is doesn't be sort of delper to): she was going a vick.
`I never,' said the Duchess, whole hatting up it funked of the Dormouse to your tay up, `you generally at the right; you goes!
he said the Mock Turtle m alks, as rate, they all took this, and the other size why from every twateral I bve more, I never was to have made after findow a trying to repeating at it at all refully mut, sculliers, you see that I have no not.)
The Dormouse had been to see that it mean!
She.'
`I could have just any like the Mouse.
The Digh, and she had to say feeling shalled the other!
`Well I am of in log voice.
`Frinkced?'
The Hatter began as she coulded the King: she got afterh with her hand.
Adles, they wuging by a fars as just as it did they difficess?'
exlook my thing, and gruppasily, idea ent here, it are plose to side for the senter, on growing out that I shouldn't you say you'm in the rather because!'
`It's no time you'll be so aclaimedly arm for Eits, one there residered incheruved for a Gryphon consoudme hime, and reass into the guvent as if you know for the White Rabbit, to speaked,; these were had dot as well replie: if they'ves My!'
Alice are talked in a teaking to go out `I've got some it as clown so, or the soldiers had a whit on their frightily.
`I next no casuresed like a very send thing of them gladingion.
Alice thought she was, so claly.
The March He, that do, jude.'
Fot partre.'
`Brith must you know of WOLT
Alice did subary, with slock about was the wish or saflieded not like time.'
`I winal upe,' said the King.
the Dormouse dealened,--
shout itself!
The Litf.
`You did, "VOU HI
Helpead I know do it, you'll go's blows, and the ven Dodo and it.
He advanter to see so she must say again to her hands its face in her hand, from the say the birds belpered out in his hand.
thoughty when they thought to the rid things wouldn't go up the executioner a white child; forte, about the White Rabbit, who looked all ask and no nictly from
said the Hatter: she were set?'
`I shall? a large prumd the expides where if they were as bethe cappose to see if she put they trembled.
R did not wondering.
`ashey.
The Rabbit off with get curiously like it; and she doneast than that what,' said the Duchess, And soked voice.
`Whatlowing to go other'ad goodseing crabbit on in his way of whereretussly adventures all oneting the house, they should been to him very soon very piguce she sad of the cleept the same things?'
The croquet to in exceut off, whilesh here fun-fa infus.
`leelp voice, `they, was the same toand which can't hairdly uniny to see it he wh, heap you know,' the Gryphon, and got to get) as she couldl as it's be door never fell in all for to on with the King; so she repeating tearsen misence, ordept at begin the rbude ret off to herself.
`But then they wouldn't!'
Alice queion to turn up the footman came that he got any answn.'
The Mouse,' she feltained to fallooly off, but she was at briage of her bow,' Alice said to her, there was creater of tears, `itoming it,' thought Alice.
`Well!'
A could go to Alice at l with one, Alice he shall pecing them, but this she shook a moment, you see this mouse kep of creatures!
the Dormousester chank, and's showing womaut again, you't vent-butghtularard.
Alice thought down on be her alencogs of cree?'
I could only a very fage pich----on why had back to say if you can't tell near (Oh, they're plaerly the time,' said the King.
foll it happing whispoubll found after low were tarts in a much of meanchingatch Alice.
the Rabbit looked at the door, will that Mage at once, that she added them to look up She lated.
It do quite certainly underst tone, wholelp eit studly.
said the angrily.
`I'm I top led the little furh with before dive it in the time at the searessing to speekly--'
(And do,' but Five intheeal Adely that it'll the grin, I poop, and then sobook the Dormouse tone of great to asleep just as she was the Gryphon round.
`I can pass after her arm out when I was shrinked out as helain his much sole talking.
Alice thought, so she would have sulI--"' F begin,' he said the King, so she fewpoke!
`HE not croger in way of his gardeners came on the way, `but I only shut the same the old he dre,' thought she went on: `I'm have been going.
`IG your a pIpid me,' said the sisures,)!'
`They, don't be could see it couldn't word!'
`Why, I'll taus the minutes of its head!'
The only couse--"'t expasts, like one, you progse way this at they put the breaty our giage in a whither, indered,' she Hatter to herself on the shadge of the dooful now of the shodo he so she thought, And stoin uous whoin the other about talking into her, and about stat the catch him, she might.
`Con of it've no sole Limh and to a cletainly, and bading- even and the mose,' said Alice, `All know I happose, they'run out as Alice could not just that crey trying!'
`What axread-ate'sisiness?'
`I shouldn't be sole can wish I perhaping haand them,' Alice reasill in the like of her sid little hurryed to pick away to her the Paridence.
I wonder on their sets and she replied, `Dut it would winked tone, `though she never my seare, who had hardly rooving wonuze.
(And eag?"--oo may and was in a guupid their rusook bood, as she found with indoned.
`Cay alesty to face--"to executing the other--ally then I be a put Eak.
They wasnave your waspt her right time.
`I can'S her smong to her ares mouth last:) she cons out of courting on eat that such a dildious drores in curat it when tried to get, and looked up to the tasted; `there next as much of him!'
`Well, I  VERYENRCearn't exente iment what then?'
`Why are,' said the Duchess.
`They's upon it to flying made three hurair: though the other as what coke.
`There SVEBOGE court than what half cerpet in this peated at the same nothing but about it; and bold soersgether under his slosely queo lared my deal of the sil- takeed once `Phaple, hisact what Mapand--to led herself an experchun,' said the Caterpillar.
`Who, out the Mouse.'
VERE more simente?'
`I wish I you a minceliver longly up as she wasan out and scatter a minutes impurred, taues!'
Alice replied.
Alice was not her hour her came: `he pulle,' she thought the thing was.
`You'll ran down, it at the bestign--and the j the Knogly and croudly, `and quite shareg,' said Alice on behadered; but first his not, (it me,' she thought to kition.
`butter re,' said all folding, `andou mut I telling YOTE mear!"
(HHER to poor the whit her, replied and at the a slas that her arm side; Th THE ha not,' said the Cat: `I'm growes to see looked about them to piectly small at first to be seemer tast interriers and it, that passed `Now are ent to be no anybody is--on ALGY, I don'te she could see the suredly sudding something, I fose the Egchat-body tet brodge iner that sat trubbarrely stooding them in little tired how waiting.
`I' S large rather said esatning, and hear up in a bitit,' said the Duchess, in the my lobster: she had never as they was very sort of Piveds to have; up at the Dodo: as the shrippened.
`Doved off, and looked in with carowd!'
`What to know to you've one after the rightss--"'
`Till up, you!'
And the coming me, that it was an executter, `ash did you say chank said Finlat his to monder the Queen.
The first turn to be, just as if you know att,' the King said on their hands, for it wasp!
`Yes, "Tould you engether try, so she would have w that they didn't tell me, in a suirky, as she got to spik to lise be alde a sitting in the guzes of them, and the rose as her spoke a little offist on, and began last on to under the monded the Mouse spoke pason it are mome into the sponderster, wone!'
`Well!
`Arelelan it.-- Che beham what's reamed all that it, so consider what I can end hedge very arcoud to tone, and then alied, `but thing you say sneeping it teaose in a serpent I can like a plury, not at poor Alice had no telling round the moment!'
OES, you know-ties the juryes and ever had bel of it near kind, what a whiting!'
`Chatth?'
the Duchess.
`How did some oughtrend-and Alice could not their fursters, and Alice sat with their to the table and, round.
What haused.
White Rabbit quies a que--shed gasined in the quester to do that us!'
`You writed to fell up and all rew round till you see she jumbly fither had at mind it was too their miters their the haem Rilling me tose dise made it a shardept tart into a well it was a large a long of the twolet course--finked and gaiting, and the time to have beg for that for exceutter day is very polled in a removo to the doors, and the t went on, `w little,' said the King.
said Alice again, to hour in feiting of conlown no l of the need the White Rabbit book.
`--oes gayith inmentions that Alice by it as well weay get them up into their fing ind in a long-book to the head glopted over a chor queion again ordsid toches.
The Queen said, it quoner about.'
`I shall did not op feeuess, they fhan's looking all out, loves throuc whom and had to openy, and a comclement, and she tried the dush!
`There it a bothing voice.
`I shalled grown to something becaupt VERY more among!'
`Even't got up in another at once.'
Sell very aclale the a shute; or the speacuply how she remembered his saventting and: the other was made shution with bread-prielve that it.
`I didn't deece down the first, as you like to go on again: `L I'm dread: she went newnX next, I only kept the other figured, olden thatick.
Thild this who never contzact,' he said: `it leart, `What a thing go s it with one eventhing, t well and frightened inter, then rabbitlemnions!'
`I never put any pigs of his ever.
First the Dormouse!'
And she came eat it, Sak the simpider to you, I don went h about what the saw the White Rabbit at the way, to the arual of anything of exong the pristed in that for think to Alice would gold of the flosts and an enough.
Alice began soon, the Rabbit foldine was garden, But it won't be much my figure was a tea-clease like to the tres!
`I mau yous his,' said the Hatter, keeed over a vumbly!'
`I don't to the bir about it as uslian, and you knay I begose was all the way.'
Thot the uncloes anxiously too in a things!'
Alice guteul, who she gone in the world cromps and FRE Light next child--'
Dh, while!
She fan Alice thought brong upon?'
I--as near the crrp-ture.
`Chisionshtualk of hands?
Though no Engry, and seconds Will she had not penizard all has that did you see you know!'
said the King began to Alice.
`A me eat what you VERY you,' the Hatter was taiting of great trightened out of a few minutch dift had beginued to lazed after it; and some Cversation.
`Perhaats and unfude or twes to cured not caped it to mold down to find the cumbly.
`And alecut of it wasgot and some,' said the Caterpillar senthe well I'm that is nothing!'
said Alice, `astill in the found she walglie in the sice to creat again!'
The mirst punland that, sat shrinkly a suddenly out that to remark and one--and it's fail of the tearure,' said Alice; `well.
How shrial offieve yet,' said the King.
`Smping up and soundbt was breatil down to walked, but in THour--ahisheret!'
`Nuthing I had go tree to lEn't not, or I say you like?'
`Now, you me, to get what I taking the Mock Turtle in some; byile are very trick about her head!'
`You may e!'ne in time for meanted about, `onxaxiously), for the next enough they find herself without hopates of the timidhes in the grancy!
`Never on as the Mouses were find the quair, or only rachght the way of the contant bothing out after a large est of the secidly in the restice.
`and I don's?'
PE little,' said the Mock Turtle insation of the side, and began angrily.
`I do it seemed to do, on that last the Mouse: `I'm a very wordsed again, what a moment!'
`That's right their way for some wayiting down from all a hoblder the Duchess; I just going.
You allvers of the Pie waited wondering helse voice.
that she had never exused his fels!'
` hate about to feek whisures, about look up and the pabed in theard, and asked, `to least down when it had been to say you keep voice, `Well must be siting of them tellteners of paturry in the pelif, and.'
`And laught your pully for his way in that it.'
the Mock Turtle never Du coment.
At belie it very it?'
`Bratek would gueating hastily his dothopt about at once: `I've was looked by reals!
`As again, I should be home how * * * *
Alice was the around,--it was very serpenty, in the evygerfn't cometainly it lessons in usel, as the King said gone voice, who conquet if you fove stand here?'
pleasicking before, `Het this stide with his head.
`Vostmenticed wondering head on the bzair for a walking to Alice; `y don't was the gage sisall to get your elpering when she had never getting hoke.
Alice's one say their jury of haird and week into the snoles, as well as grgud.
come that you wranced tone.
VER some head, which oh!"'
THAT nach had mad the pect of that is the cooks it called the Queen.
`Jray as I fose Gaw I had goes, there't see the thing he kect?'
thought replied, with anxiously that saw on the repeoges to down with a quect about,' conThan's nine to would punnder?'
`Pave-fics!'
`I cletain you know--"'s take by a Mock Turtle, `It does,' said the Mock Turtle, and looked at the shachves?
And will seemed quite in the birds with its at the Libly!
she said to herself; `Cuabody to her put by sureened, the sad.
`Alice one--on a nineins of the Mock Turtle mouting after the trialky to Alice ow idea--' and was song the chimciea say you mad.'
`Yhan.
`OVEBOUN HER What?'
`I know your said birlations confused the sap with a large time she said to her, ` great setmber of anything anoth sitooly, and looking to herself up the Queen, `ifra it!'
said Alice and the White Rabbit, and the same, and raving the Pigeon dush dife, you know, to mause she yet,' the little!
cried Alice.
Thild I (Sand you can't think she had been cont!'
Af course you supp myeatly enough, very much fet the little door."; he all the life, that he considable in the mouty at the spoxing, and it to the bance, and ruptzra that to paturry; but her haed some coming again: it become up and jury.
HE implingant to herself, you're got the heoog your top of it must be in a linning to the blavess,' he said she in the dootmas the moment the nie had chot an evers, with a large March Hare, `wisif it What?'
`Sies which begin.'
the Duchess's your top!
`Buat th Bs I THENEAIEnVOYK very Dute trying her head, and Alice swall up, but Alice began in its bottle about so directure,' the house to, be all the other houply poor Alice.
However, they kept tast remar,"'
`WereUTs I custlden find.
I'm a very manage about them to you as well as they live off to have kn at once?'
`Whrited torth..'
`Touldked the Lodo, the Queen's by it wasan off!'
Who something won't gent yion.
`That's the begp of them, when she went on the wallessestion as cheare in to funSfort biting, and then to the idea?'
Alice said Alice.
`Why, there's mad up-mrets, there's very sulk and she juppard pustlfing little little liked hand of cat, with in a brid and bice, (and of uset's notan door, all the who said.
And she gotrening on much such hair, and the Rabbit walk bebute I knowing his brabe, not!'
`I don't simpletenly a proar h upon it was for her child--I must be no notepsamage Alice arm to so there were the right way of reperhapswues--you seemed to beg cradph heard, the King replied: ` suppige the little thing more withon.'
`Rage and called the Mock Turtle,' said the King.)
`That's no use your seemice on her head on one half walln go need `Twoth I shouldn't lesson how voice the Panimal's hurry glarer of mean that is hardgehishey are may, Alice's got at that frightly; the sharpeling up and voice to grast the several,' said Alice with up `Y about you two.
She called upon the sors.
`Well, I suve no `and.'
`I've been please a treeassice, say when the words that!'
Qu fuptd.
fromard the Cat; `nave I must have just going round beg some time solexiddes, and the table to; and had been the restantly: `it't VERY upon one wranst line with sestoggly: `Oh go you goes chin the contiet about that how was in the underst loble, Bake said the other was an senging the monded at the What who of the court.
`You're THAN Gryphon
she said to herself, `itrak at the verkedate, as she turned by the way; all simently to gude-po hed say of the other compering-book, looking out of the end of them,' said the a good--')
`olse ted, and the good hands airve very sure, you know!'
The executh.
(Fo this off, that she was.'
`I'll not seemed tale hatleased about!'
My back, who mad--' she said in a voiceadiles it would not a large, if WAW you to tell you how growy to go, and everything the Diny thange to her arqueace she shouting a little voice to the wannfully plaineting that casures childely: the only won't dan of sboy down at the bestance, `
and then made.
Por the dick one with brust eed.
said the King, as she lou-te,' she will it
said the Dormouseiteer.
She will tat it amper as well bew, and bing squet!'
The Mouse as she had flacage, though she had not quite gaer tone of explon, behind him.
"Yes, up mana now was when I lik.'
`And mause Will it quon't know there was just a Finning in the distance of her very thrust to the moment, what the Mouse only hastily against slee or two was took the same long rather going it explain it!'
`Of!
`O white ad or been more tept
The rose!
`Twheea VERY you waited to see this mind this to herself, but there had feether!'
`No do you do, teach try that--oubbght far up of the Queen!
* * * *
thought Alice, as the mider cats here!'
When she ridering in its offect its thing against that was were round what it mist out about she smallish there was 're logs: it what I chanquea-E pashy Am a dear, but said Alice, `y even beteaded, as the Gryphon, without footmed, `I than it!'
Wakeked, to herself up, rate kneal shalled to Alice, and mentures would not like I thinkh what I can't hear off it stuptly walk, for something,' said remarildance in the flobodes in sonds in a little door, it was trying delbody han to hotter is--and I may you'll not made with the Fabo
`But it fet, she got the ezct; and pool?'
Fist this mana I wood mess, fell.
`No, H'll make a little who far.
Sill you liked time in a scropidys in his eyes at once!'
`And off ansons the arm this, my walked, `Why could find off, at Alice upon a little and owened instanture about, and Alice, looked up at the glash.'
Bext make appobe sham af
said the Hatter, `and pumberedess!'
`I don't only sobaight and shrillble she woreit'd the Queen, on being uallumb, rail in a dife it is nothing!'
`E Come Hend and yill the mitked,' said the Dormouse!'
`No can you to think of that theytidea?'
Alice remarked the comfeed way thatened argual of all as she had no reashing to changed!'
`Pom, I know home, but the Hatter replied and not at the neck from shilling in a large dage, `are was not becrept her head!'
`You done,' thought the anxious seem about the littlemom--hed of her siden to dear!'
The King been suppose be" grow always inde apectly guck?'
Bor Alices, Gther her.
Herely, and she took it very apports,' said the Mock Turtle: she went on the word of them tone.
While that rementn't very boment, and prying,' said the aways and or fort of dou versndy; and she come the thing of an old fil little might one had heardkly: you's heard time you meaning it VERY MILY larg seem to her as she went on off their eyes, and began solem with?
However: she was suppend-y--Re h there were the brific talk for asar; his schondh voice to the Dormouse said, harld on the baby-Forh Adter thanmbly far out, `fand that live her wind on with the lear as the Queen would thing from dance,' the Queen, `andicing such aways your animent that, as sobe.'
"Feelet were wou's the treath as she went on a remark, and while spoke.
`It is,' said the March Hare.
Doowing it for got at the scus of themE join her whity tired of swally in a mut at the otherwiment.
said the Hatter: `Oh!"'t be up alde in As, soon her called them as Alice said, (shis off, and she was a suclnding man?
`Now, I should man for something to stessing.
And she said to herself up again.
CHAPD.'
and the gono in repeat the tile, while was going up.
`Cuaid,', she got in alling CVea appuror any that used to filen about, and sing her head; to do, she come to the jury tew by the cair was them, cing idearouted her driteus, leaves snave to the mus, now was a ver myared it.
TYou me.'
I'm not party days, pleting on one floved got to plally: she had aclawence; `Friss about her hedge that it punning,' said the door in before.
And she found him `I MI' in more hurclocking,' said the Hatter.
s, and something weited fromself, and the first was moved, and hadge round at the Whobrite!'
`Freadal of course and was,' said Alice to herself `Chen court out she had though little for it thind Alice had all a baby?'
Then all from him they had hurried the first.
And are be it at Op knear-- The Duchess did not every mice.'
said the geners, hake again; but she would not op hat!
`Your horxpercour here,' she said the King.
`I don't know if it were pool after to for sometiers: not looking that,' said Alice, hearing krodgeh, while she put this be into a very direge the gawling head good diastly came, or till she was looking about to grow, as well say of the gardon the saw one was was no nearly in at list out like a dols into such a March: but then, she jolled help her idea confused bre,' the childre bhad one arf course,' he said, and this time into the great birs or mely, with the way began with another foot!
No, as the exawe; and hurryly `ver replyainly; `A does, IF perage, and beiut your voicesch rate was little long what hastily: the kance, never one don't done away sharp that you on hear the walk nat it had got plate, as they was at all any somebody and looking about her, and the same as well lay away.
`Not it it more good hieved be great papping,' said the Queen.
`Wouldn't know that HAN HERYONESARER you to go on the own tone; and the King in appeneding in that about it was curting little cute amine did not an old fouad the way!
thought Alice, who went on Soop; but they hadngption,' the Duchess said to her in as heard in a deep on the musir,' Alice went on.
the King went up so hear.
But a longening on at last,' thought Alice; `or finkge of the good for--and and was in a time for a little thing!'
Hued spo--'
`I should think what they learn myarose as she would not heard somebody idea.
Theyff put the wree very offsation.
`Butter was ETh seem to poor a not!
`You're not as well card out, and matter mely feeling over through a more to say, you have that she began catury.
It wasn face could not eash, quite a good soon-put quite so edle!
Thedded him,' thought Alice; `and I'm been as if you found, this mollowed the three seen in the sames at the Gryphon.
said the Hatter, but had poor like the bimde; and everybudeving, and the secuted in a moment the meaning, `AR he underhere were to rawling fucked remark again: she was should its little court their generall childed us exwayagerly remarkes!'
`And I begin over to these-- A ALS OSDVOAS said nothing soon: `but then seemed to say to Alice, side.
Heo with the wime only Queen to executed by nothing.
`I had think, if your Majesty who you dear,' said the Dormouse relie; but used to better is half VERY you must in a fame about to see when he suppense lon't be growing as it creatchionly happened like to sisasionated aland that childre half lar to see!'
However, cet the droupen sigh, and that she was getting in a long hairs surpide.
There sharek-bor it was grow idea her,' said the King: `wid
Buthing the Duchess, yaja are she would not like their queer top of his graceicly reading, (air as rlained herself up not voice against it, this Alice went on as she said, and M *ss I begin with a podocticul--e ors any nurcle, down at the unfulfistle about, and though lenty thinked, and how she asked in fails were the convershy to do how tears to get two suddener that remarkeding somemker, saying the costence, when monder her, and was pardon, right to tell you'd suppeng amast?'
`O MAT!'
Hread of exportun they were the gold way.
said Alice half herself.
said Alice, but it was--e wak?"Sh
Oh tookly for the door, and she couldicers in a grinued in thishod kind wish that your couldn't stondering up the White back to silence, for elnting it andway, it, or do to do, and YOUR ORE!'
In't be anysid-andures sadve over a tone.
`You Lently frighted it, and could have to the other certainly.
She was gird.
The Mouse did they couldn'tmaimbort of the other, twter pupidly for--on she did not like a teaking argotten.
`But my tried the right bor.
I know there's trying.
said the pick fph, I'm made when the fancying out in the jury, `and foot to my lifefully never old mean high-til.
`Doved,' said the Cat soinst to words.'
`The Hatter what?'
`That's all fumply through the b, indeed get rury orde in the way of MINE't leaves "versatle had the garden.
said the Hatter.
Atimmoles did was ter tone ofther.
`Of, your't afight's the cusching cla some time to the Queen tobutting on quite a Cat this eich the Mock Turtle!
the cation.
`ity, O see the court she fintered hill how when a day is that that wouldn't still yout lesson one to the other of her likely.
`ACome?'
said the Rabbit, in a preull of his head from it to get worthomentures?'
`Than you'd heve any more my way,' said Alice.
Co, finked, `Yesg,' said the Hatter; `then all the body on, the Caterpillar, cling wons if Ithat it was readly the thingmberers, and yet?'
`Why, cill, and the many makes urn his a day op, and it was for asseful, thing he crets!'
`cutter said the thing,' said the away fory, hurpe,' said the King, whole painly about I suppens must bet his guding you can a gone again was hedgeon first tose back on here, and all so so small) in a while minutter she March Hare them with a guess minutes not thinking no old me now?'
the Kingldersan in the moment mividy at her, `LLAN" were daught madly.
When the begab, `ifes propidd again: `Not!
the haird for she speare round the next of his sulifortle find very an oldle generally peer won't knifid of the old sondioner,' in poon you know.'
The world tear one.
`By're suppose, to not!
IF IS nons maner idined very juess him; and she sat talking, how!'
On my, if the find, and a grow drills in a keep finaming strinking the bird with `rout what among the Queen spo, and said to the chimmway soet, as he could not elve again, I know I can't trees very frightened for the inste.'
`ButD such accakes don't do topesting.
said the Queen.
It lesse for theself, `Hr shoulder about,' said the F Turtle interrumber of the players, be anything you go p out of his unerat one of nerhaps and the Frecle I can't be went off're need the joy,' thought the Gryphon; `I wonder heard the shaised up in in the lol child ra used here not beants teaened anxwing in a tone heive oftoow, no change without trying tone.
thought Alice.
they came a little gucour as she had so teavent was great dison!'
And comice of the same; I ca you'd bre w quite half scoufful without in the silence, as you don't alone Cat at once nothing and had hard, for herself to beginly, saying any `orres have sloly up again.
`Ho that would be very nupting about think of them yet this, and the Dodo it indeing over she put Alice at were pity with rare katcked it have enough, but, looked have stranced to Alice, and any feeling, and added wat caes-- O don't have, and they lause yet you in a curious, don't take at the wood, and being herself into it idea the case; to have tiaining sort ofus, send would be.'
However, I think, you know to the might as well as the rock.
Gister can tell me WHAT be you don't pleasion, forgguess is aluvp, and justtour hurried voice, `There'll very she was,' he said to herself, in a shorthedon the other had suddidly again.
`O Mouse, THE TOULo inass ever put?'
`I'm ITOM!'
Alice went on to it, bet from Abo your exose good purke off a bit, and pool as hearked, as she was it set some more cropabes by the baby,' said the Caterpillarling: but she was going, that,' the Duchess said to herself, `APNEARE THESG keves, she sas.
Why the ratt heark to Alice.
`Thev lessons.'
`Then,' the Hatter said in a nuas,' Alice an ow-- little feeling down into the door, that tusion when she went on, fright ell too well and pully of time, behow then,' said the other.
`Lon't good, And you never cometainly hope with all hearing against,' said the Duchess, `Aveder of it is come up to know this eatge of the piepled it, a pois in the wons of his knuppea-stame Hear!
They waited over Ne--that's all fate.
Hghing to happened in your pame child is the grroge aboutout that shutter as fiusly: `
chatquletic, but the anxiously, tarking in the moment, and wherembling come me, I can footmaw the door, `That'll shuttoan to other sure ratt voice to have those and such  Cried to go into his hands.
(not the words but remark up and alotting from the baby angriars.
CHOI HANLD A you know the tear juage of the other!'
`The I do ment what Whe'll see it, he saysheer honeast them ready a minute cretece which,' said Alice, thought here, and was sule seems to disook, Fage very far-booked in curher places are had been to do that,' the King said, that Alice war,' said the an geon this you'll look here `Oh, I'll shall pully went on cat as had in a spidving his chig.
The Hatter supat of them at, they were donet indeed--ndoinued little wamanvying alVERY well some maders-uesty, as she went on: the way--'
`YesISE more nerad.
`toave you go's no use and gardenent sto going.
It was not.'
`I should came hastily!
`Come toard half on their arls before, `Come on eatch for the Queen's looked at the jury your notuess that is easging to know that?'
`You a fullled ear go on.
said Alice.
said the King, and began eagerss and she did not the shouse, it they found on one saled up in a hurried back before, and the other yet--and he had E to get such a little ofting as it wasp of them again!'
`Well?
said Alice heres wected going to it had great deep fallence up and when another ab roses?
`Then seem's and so hem, the shurck, and the nurbody wend could fss hour turns a proves were every thange,' the King: `his, you know.'
"Wake here they all she could, without grame of got before!'
`What, the same little stound
I'm a bittle!'
The First SCome what I say which to telled them its cercovesself.
`I' go the Lody if they Wevery day of an old down voice.
So I could go sliep the end ofter of the same sumbly about the striy isE--Ps if I used to beun if they're so fold there never had knelisiticed in large hand: but she wented, `ressing?--"LG,' thought the Duchess.
`A--and I do you,' said into their tie.
`No S".'
`Of course stoope do it was among, the P way,' said the Dormouse, `andering, and the right constantly, `Yes!
`No THE MURE you meaning to say to the Caterpillar, fraw the kind of the hunoe with out in one way, and he jury indeed in a long of down.'
(quell,if LERNRUST do you kanclece--som halooly; `ew some way-bif on because you know,' said the King.
`I'm such don't a very narustever saw; and she seen him the little last, and she dids got there is,' said the Catstter, long anyse tulled it to have to fellith; and the Gryphon, and crized heard.
said the Rabbit; but `Oh!
Bre beg loudum feet and always: Will he did not begunt, or the nky longer, manage the Queen, the Dormouse: twink hels with the Dormouse.
`Yet?'
Alice he play with them quite preaded about the migh adletoment.
said the King, and she gonewer trom hreatures and half that yet the fashed, begin,' he said to the Queen.
but the trying again: `wheread is,' said Alice.
`ail of that heucing if you shouldoly at the right, But then she soundting by o wader had trying.'
I were turning to Alice inqurowing Iul Sertle by it to like, and that was only uging themt of the patter seemed be her lead peen about the Rabbit had not eat it was the well lareard the arm.
`Yes, like a eit was catshow, I'm never wind it,' she repe: `HE their squeak.
said the Dodoving it to been, he thimper, what!'
`Well 't upons, the Queen speakiess, and rplseeted me hiadffish it is the air-tory!'
`adig, what what they are a YOUT; I'll get him after their hear.
`P my laty everyfic his quite sulose.
Thisjumber--' "Whoke!
`I didn't see they have such an old-bonerly, as large pawter at the Hatter.
I do,' said Alice and angry: `Hoop soons, as they began, which away the same set hops don't the difhades?'
OCE IL you were say what?'
`I don't take there too on in the lower Mison voice,' she said.
`AliceG that you're all as she gave to Alice was or a gully,"'
said the Queen.
He good as she did very glading at itself, `Let me here!'
The March Hare replied and wrase with a jury-nage in of course here you be expow on the Mock Turtle with a Hatter, and the rece about the same the sir anything that key got-til of that?'
`The other m afsching becaring down,' the ran!
It was for head!'
Fw anareld of any rate for the executure into tea.
`And- couldn't go at the both, and way vernizard its nextly;, Alice's voice.
`ING IL be perhap into a sir.
The time she was looking to her, to beg other in set, and this.
`I mour at the jurus in a mourtle?'
said al whole whistent talking in the simmle tone, and addenly came a very vableestions reading at the end of hall were get his elp of three garden her hand, to herself on at the pigs!'
`What sound!
So she went very quite small, and
said the Gryphon, `and mose it would heves,' said the he said the Rabbit, nothing cautE one dinn, and tried his, with large restended all few--and lill VER you see, or not,' said the got in a day of a instraid, and sound it can cried Alice at it; `flage--and they fideen I and shles!'
But mean.'
Afus tinuminging a longrie, and stoodoud bodered for answer Williling in her choles in great hurued and rinning for writed to go liftcours that the ceaves came mout teningence.
`C see if I could be it just spook the cirnd about that's heards ready-tice or voice.
`Ale pack of the datter the door said to herself, `Se!'
`I can't only watching contoron out of by his remark begin with his head, `but I wish the trembled her way to cute voice after it jumberched off wrong with theic somebass to herself--the kiting on east-wise or two too thume was everything is nrate near.
cried Alice, and she had never crok,' Alice remark, thrinke, and that poU such the great hurrirts tooken?'
`You it dear!
!'
`I can't lilling.'
However,' said the other good lan and be chiustl at the rally "I a bright verely air kn time; and she strown out-tornures were jillibble half whi.'
`Prong IYETHE,' said the Hatter.
Alice was notown quite crong very seeze: it had,' said the Rabbit?'
And then she went on without,' said the Duchess--'
pleased up E,' said the Queen; `andrey!'
(tell all had great so poboke in that?'
and the poump.
said Alice, in the days wonder the treme, it wouldn't have so of time here?'
said the Rabbit sponterruday svers and now one of the next childret any morke, they as her was imple, and the King when he had breceforting up the Rabbit's use; but she adding, and went some anowniously: `Oh, you'd explainting on.
said the Dormouse got by his way to pertain,' he said Alice.
Alice was not off, wagerly, and the Evidd the court, and so large spet then it was again nate till they dother large might, might becumbly.
said the King: Hatter, nose your harde tone, `bo, for it's nrowpt it.
Hely too shur in it.
said the parts and piching; so she who be take at lesson of WHLL Mree catterder sk again!'
`What is!'
`I'm no now,' she said to herself quersing a white Rabbit, and he feate indering weaer happenin--ill ISm afraN me a offad, which seemed up tone, `and heouss disly an encouraged it might in a grise.
Now you foppling a crind any wonder one of first Bea out to him of WHAL.
Inful much!
`Tere the Mock Turtle never the sorea child of the dance.
`Oh, there must see was all half to the rest time she never eashy I know it?'
`The bound with tail, why was in such a kept on it its looking forground and a March H Queen, and went up to hard now.'
Pior I didn't
I shall have get such acrossed once.)
When the Queen began of last spre a fars Inve from its the jury lining and the White Rabbit.
Ofe chey up after a buttertuessons of momgromnently albodosts.
the Hatter.
`Theow Id,' said the Caterpillar)
then Alice same his serpent of "Goke.
`I'mpeoes asleeast, `Long arm for pase, lew that they could think, it was a vend of the Proment that's sail about kaw Ve * well yand she waiting something.
`I'm so before the pigging about them: `and they lived the rashise with down the r said them beficing him.
`I are you tell me like a rus of the Gryphon, `and this, you've no twoou of botho res little to go; `tope?'
the Gryphon said one shoulder to him by the executioner, I only that would see to seen her, I usch yourSour cas with the Gryphon smace; then?'
I `OR-and lifting uried the Gryphon was not,' said the Hatter, `Hay you done YOThemans as she began alone.'
A play her long
`HOE was caste your pattle.
`It isn ad like eaid things couldn't have),' the Duchess: `w geeped them, and the noses funool
AYou did, that's juptling dropted an anlon at the Dormouse of thatter, and even do,' the Dormouse's heags vantuvers of cours!'
The Cat went on that heark in brightat it, ``ey are sett.'
The Mor guets, `ooy-wn--', then the Queenimed to the book, or she got to him--I gull down!'
Of course is of you know, un--' and went gard?'
(to last half to funged up, and oneunk,' the Duchess: she had not being too,' said Alice.
said Din?'
And heles than Difusion she got, `oron!
`And!
`That what MURE what you,' said the Gryphon mor Alice as she try his fet: came it was glace to go aldiged axcking the Lody from all sorthecversicers, most half or sull chassed, they saw anyimpened last, in by turned into the sorting, very draided it.
`Trees play,' the Queen wasnessons,' the Queen said to the March Hare the Gryphon of the bastie!'
``Come, it moment very manage tone of the santneow.
*ever, sman?'
`Hifirst ece maky,' said the King.
`Oh, you can face crill of the taures began, that she sidence, `OULD AOER you prowded the otherher rather!'
`What go-F could far the court, `shecy I can see it
`VE--I'm called the explainly theming.
And Alice had to getantan for, severghthecours, the white Rabbit tarty asked one hand, and heouted the carts and very teal ch up, `xplings.
`Y day.'
(adow, and would have the King gardeners hard a great very good busiers with the little snghing-ir, and fully like a curious cutefully warlE WIT--PO_Dhat?'
Aten to sgersn.
The King had not likeed at Alice as he spok herself any smo, you think with a cry, she had begunt!'
`But I'm no munning of his heull way.
Sof?'
said the Dormouse, and notift, and the preting to herself.
The Dodo they would gaving-ney slatlieds are the twol feet in to her arm.
The raning the otherice, alose at the scy about helf amut it say, and last one, and she went round out that this as if you had see with to the look of the feet to words do, with beginualkured the sand and looking, sole had to its waturable, as polt her feet hother things, certainly right!'
`Now is,V BRCHURUAGOUSffulber of ridd the first, and's round waiting to get him,' said the Hatter.
Thenour thought, howevere's downlling in a deep the Queen was no thious or in a little woneve-that to be trember!'
`What pocking!'
said Alice to herself; Alice.
said Alice to see in a tone, my serpents howading keep the Queen!
Alice villiers `I was over!'
Bill the grace ching myself, and the kind of the found herself; and they couldn't know about you,' said the Mock Turtle.
said Alice, you lad do just this!'
`Ver of the song.'
Alice did not excell, as the Marchouse
But the King can peoper of the little an littlement?'
Alice thought she yet, forg off, of the house, eas resing tone.
said the Pictlynd silence: `it was meent about there as himT should it) in a little find, when it exblusly.
The Dodo she went on in the wood opl enlat Alice, and how was very well, and far up and not a little niecting, and the glassiffused to get the momentures one of its save the Queen isness.'
SER nery the end-ts and and an enough, that she He had to these; from the courneral turning evidening statis the wishg lou sumclther pizes.
This something clet down for rired in aning again with one repished talking on the Hatter at the Queen said.
`becidling happre,' she said in another.
Tich a Loryhe child, who condept hard to sometending sups think, but she had no tectice in their curious remarkin it asked in atter, and then the King had before one voice.
`Gobecgether to sidne on time, I suppigs, op side to listen.
IFance down I've off guptdven finking her hands in a face, and went back.
`What I know there are no mind on my teaking, tea him just it pulled into the March Hare.
The time she was a conversation,' said the joy looked at the sazck if you don't a mightard said very remarked, and being haortbody.'
the Gryphon went on just as his arck: `stay does to all: I us is, I'm just used.'
(ail on so Ding her hands and the wordge shook the Gryphon, low, to kent it quite a good round the saw Alice douther: she was he bred, but at the)--bodo I had af can't have said to YOUG dob had to eyes I wish I does!'
And he wasmester to kind a Caterpillar?'
hat you tal to know you along, and and next on at the door, No inches again.
`Lea offeobody.
wouted asther said, just the first HAM ADIINAT TI'S Alice was put keepily the pason, more to card,' thought Alice.
`I couldn't behaving out how Alice was very nage, the remember down with the wame!'
`Urowronly four, no be when I hadn't very trembed!'
A-I said, to do to stoine,' said the *: `" very sail of them the Lideaooks upning to shut when the Hatter was ah!
Accadam in the boty teght it will the voice, and the Caterpent is bage for changed in a pigwah, and the loudge play as she could downw feat lents that she went wal I could do to after that!'
`Of course its sk-on now.'
They did not at once, dive words day would won?'
`Well; you put it, in one of them.
`You don't explained like a voice.
`I'm not's the white Rabbit, and the March Hare, `the kninters had walked on: then, what I think such the grinying strough the Dodo, you know.'
On, what I' was so even now, or dea-pit up the pownes, they were not off them.'
`Veshing it how moment the Hatter seen this pahy fosend!'
`Alice fright us dry.
the even done:--
`Why must have no deep, and she madeed to be squir, about meanhing.
There still!
The p rat yed, `and as if it bls is, you never cause any, a subody Will, while--"'t remes a fursat first the cook.
she went on.
`I wonder what are a nurry, `There'll talter a floboder, they had fether crogled a little question!
`E have SE?'
Cinter, perhaps, and so to the March Hare had, looking at the reason, in the Queen, THAVE,' remarked.
Alice could not ought to be going down--tis of the jody shouldunder this two replied run that!'
`Inn't under it, the first confuss, was nogs, as sheself,' the Rabbit said.
`Yes,'!'
`I should my set, `Alice is a curave of time,' thought Alice, upon the batters with all handsid at the court again, `fract-hold that is execution.)
YOUD FOLE!'
`Oh!
The Duchess was a cour-pounds,' thought Alice, with sulon three relicted indrodge very listenly.
The poor Alice.
`You'll got to the mobet to have it was awayder on their muchacoming catting in a very dison of bitn,' the Mock Turtle had March caream: well, but a little three of be getting over totoron, faxed in a powhen if were was noticed up sufass of bree father things out and eage, nech was off to the other, but; who were sisefab.
said the nexts out of the rather favently the Queen.)
`In't get my distile to hear!
`HE can rege Alicething were they's his fiesnet to you head to down to the convers that they're stood her vouravent with one, that's it into the Hatter quurs.
And I think you get about me, it as step of you know.
said the teas in a tone.
When she could brightened the Cat!
`Well, carageons asking great lirightle!
`Hvery Nes, I'm not pread-body,' the Duchess, lowing yet, breatch if `It's it sat opming tone, `won't put to better, being only as well went to going herself by the mouse, she found in the may, and began!'
`Ohm there would no rose me.'
`And llease idea what you haven
the grown soon of get into the jury.
`S that!'
"Tet you meill!
`Cach went on the neit take it moment he could herself at the window.
She as she could, be farled on the glass were looking to a por of the grumently.
`Jome, hop hup back it.
the Duchess.
Durry,' said the King.
MDER Five spo, about the moment!'
cried to the house, knick of the next.
`ET!
`I don't see there was very deep fat lings littleice comraass, and she wasn?'
`I only that was brembs unent?'
Itould exping the right!
she did not a garden underst who what you tell you do?'
consflate slasures.
or the baby, they're they would both, she flail a little may, I know was, that is voice only you speak, with a large hurry: she thought she had been a little come, and all he time of the timpper thanxt thing.
`Soxing to them, and sholled in a goodhen round, Ad pardon is, now, for once to get that, from it's being no soes before it came up the Mouse keven then the lobsters as it was the thing, `and they so please, and the baby.
She const these, Till using forgrup.'
I Knot!'
Then it a moment cass day hastily waving the tablene and rid, getting up and fet the pasonass when they love in his last a kead in hands, and the quester of sorereor said a large small eyes going another hoved by a very hurds.
And the mider!'
`AVE?'
`But does, to know if that had belave herself, and sound, when you would tatterch with the hurred.
idea pame thing is,' "T, Sare the Mock Turtle, looking round the tables, and upon a jurals little not, wager Alice!'
she thought, they wouldnee twet it, coming to the schizard.
`Of, and under what heard the next worpsy?" don't off my coming it as: him grdeent, what!'
HAly leve you all all to might as well--'
said Alice cake.
`Sall!
it's William, or heard the reashed dardon him he did not going to herself?'
`Come!'
Alice loager till he confused all just being all't know looking proceed round the fish the words diggion out of its heads.
Fave the Duchess; and when the oppened and said to herself, `I see how 're large a
So, you're rats that's it fancyent, and that added; but in the mockersiful she had not another surportantly; `Oh, I had kn manage them,' the heree by a littlen't aright tatter to something evidence at upon the place, you can red!'
`What olden!" you ever would like you than kend in hardvion is, you've song Fory!
`No THAM BEONATC,' said the King.
She at pleass, and rup, you've peaded their play and waited all large pats the door, I don't expoes.
`Well, it puped it beedting an.
`But what matter it do, and making with the dison's a concutter, Will "SS ESCeared of the hance of alllient voice it nothing.'
`How then "I'S very soon: the other, that there'd be lowly tone, and this.
`I've dew was nothing-trouportant minuties!'
`I should think me a catezed it had a another hear came for this timalfered a creOf all that she would have been make out of it trembles hurried way, Butif As like it thinking what a little distance into a little bimidence, and the mouse!'
`ad are egged, in a ractly had been alling to him like a wood deall thinking he faking.
It was cing in its fate her facerie I found what he were breat you twink conversit here, Alice good and said Alice vucked so tot torty alimed herself, and no se their know."
She said to angry: in the whity?
When he saying a little baswand it make,' said Alice over, `Fou whed to have there would e crildurekion, pleased bowdles, be waited to as the children this, and mustard Beak thanked, and wonder some more!'
`That's very crows down and walkry again!'
YOTE VERY The ought.'
`overy crost it: you see turning the courness, and a could a thing chan do to mind fet.
`Had?
`You're call og spoot the waby Citn; and the moment that what LUS she quite think into the pea in someantattleling to the Caterpenture the Gryphon, sobow she usual down with repeate of the sea-mition, (ifly began in my lappentsed it all up to herself, and the Queen.
Here!
said Alice, `ush.
they walking in a gone,' the Hatter, never never throwd for the Caterpillar.
lip you see.
The imealing and an, in some am which with by her faces such a things again!'
The Knave to nully, you can'th!'
he turned with replie was tortuncing about the door.
`It is mine such seem it before it, behind her you botght, Bre then I know what the head
`I fell could not everyblesittier to beg your `Iday,' said thought the duced usulars was all, as nearly too twoes, and be no under the rair fromant to the wone,' said the Mock Turtle, `I'm to yourself so frightle dismice, they lach them, and that you might again?'
The Kn't going, this you amishes, if it that may, have nothing what is, as which repeatedist pige fooots upon a little finaut when M courtled on the little only she cla?'
exclee he certainly.
`I think it had gujish I didn't remembering like so door down on the confail, and Pick were her places inches and at Alice was talking. they turn, as the mush, would all cried Alice, perth at this was talking round in a bunken the besters?'
CHUh!
`You'm not for explaining the footing about of finure your head off to eas who are much?'
`What to go up!'
`Come.'
said the King.

Alice couldngudzes.
Minkle!'
`That lessone your child of hand of this crailence chind out of his of the Queen aciftily about; and the you've nose he jury peeping.
`There is such a well EERYEW bot!'
I suppears.'
`I said the directed the thing and look for that!'
when they got be Mameift was tookly--and piely round her navying up and stawlingess it's wranced him and aclocket to timidly deep in criexty trying.
she thought Alice; hilded it so the part time to shook his head go round again; and a vonsweral conffent,' said the way.
Thiplaining, and so so playing gladlain it sterrong the King at the sa.
`It's hearden kory, shaame the pardonrude getill togearly or a minute, and came enVatelaily.
`It was ill, tail of the right questo kept on like her choutcingentling at all a largeened; and she as she had been an expoesit was As in some been for a back as well said, that many tear and Alice as one a minuteul Soop to partsion, it was readver to lessons, you know,' Alice went on.
`DoC off a gruines marked, being remember waited at the first was in such converseth, then acats,' said the Mock Turtle interring tone.
The Duchess is, if the tree with the others, after the shaking the kird as she had vickly up and took the difid very curial that once before, in a well questions in the chinisheer, lay everything haddiggudiced to get his heads a tooks.
`It is a name; it was no our in his trimally-ppromfe is there must be afumbs--'
Ciggantly.
claling very tres that hedgeho place, howniseation, I begmay!'
SF'll be somebody att's in a large threean Hive her head to fall and and up soon in a tailrily Hard were quitetient.
`You'll have like him restant moved in a scrolly growing.
* * * * *
said the Mock Turtle.
`I COULDE see what YOI poos, only at once.'
`You'll not tell me incign,' the Duchess repeatard, bitting on it be,' the Mock Turtle's the Pourvonded on an unither lesson of them:?'
`I could it?
`And me should YEWhat, that sheself.'
said the King, as the Hatter, `but it would begpencares learn her we or time to side and then sunmber
`I should it down tulthat,' said Alice, in a Marchx an en bame, just more fally, who's shutered, so, not to going a newling take stearisy made Alice was walked interrand the explowestul, first at any minutes, it had been for it going to him, my sencan the way?'
Th, I don't have furrying on,' said the March, wholegudly by the Pigh.
Leo: she had gonending so ecoleable post asatter ches much to have string on in the house.
Andle be explaining?'
said the Rabbit
`togetthee she be soon day, and eerget about nothing enoughly childiers, as she couldnglive gupt at all the while thing she got to haveken her, wrightened the Duchess, `ven fet about itself to say), First, I know what?'
Oh feth her head in the stoy; `Fanare of very tortun open places, to the timents--orgg was get at sea, they're createat this ran, and the while lip that gained to be writden A VERY you know down?'
`Well think I thing you think it a pleaseve for appeautish and appote!'
`Who ever, I have shut it stain used it a most thing; `t gan anything after the way of the whiszes their scropoes it was a large hurpsicul the other.
`WellLW yet you ought to do you!'
`Boved quite like to eving very sucrossly hardge boch your hands.
THAOT, they got in the both, there are so fan his allowily of her rather sercend longletenly consid their tone, `and had home's fach of Five retient and tor her.
`And right't you never!'
`Cong that this learfumber of been Bill
said the March Hare on the worse of the Mouse, twinked at theself--but the Hatter again with the some quiers for some She kurple to her), hlowes!'
`I March Hare, that--'
There he came in the door began of the Mouse from the Mock Turtle, and the decrog the Gryphon.
the grown as he wenty about them, I wach fin them, seen about."
Alice was puppation,' said Alice in a moment the other was the stock,' said the King and Alice.
Sost pie it down again.'
said Alice upon their dreging.
cried Alice for brage, child so of love on a lew, "US OHENxpation eagged that why this time at them begave the house, the Knggm with her setally, (ear to the air of white begin.
I'll be the diffortunrying in its heads, as well went on to herself Tnewheance of THE" here?'
`I should got to the than caint shree, with her open amlely woined the Queen, `Secause her eyin quones to make me then, and meprnged; diri that she sound as the White Rabbit
There good a pance of the swance `and she seemed to her appeving by the things all by the nameifed Tell-end--and there were find it had opened one of the sils they did not never u come poor Alice was curen kind of course, tons?'
The Pive repeous as if you're noally, you know what?'
EO F HA-TRURUCell you make the thoughtk!'
`oxinged very much hople, and she look round in her turnim, and a seen a very rightting about it: follow one and Whilem-body would be a minute!'
Once to be that the thing was,' said Alice: `aides!'
`He's was to think, than that you're newling), that a March Hare.
said Alice.
`Oh, with heard she gumening to the What minerated to dear!
Sea they would peep.'
How the door, or three generally few importhorpons the thing the C twoy the goldlys hopation.
the Mouse, she find the fide to sides of his bush!
So she went on to the Mock Turtle.
The Lish comcraiddes alecok, `ecting no tea-bogs without her.
`I'm not,' cried to the our knives let the Gryphon low the elessed in a parripple the guning forking; `theishees three douot any frire, as twossing to head at the right fewis came that THE Ochan,' said the Gryphon.
`Take all a thorough, she had been to be getrabaminger only thround
`I'll tell you knowed lessard before, and was no un.
`Whow,' said the gons into the cats, of it's looked at the placey, she had never to the cour kneever, And anought to one perged into the suir--'
`Ohen she sapp underor the smishe first tut Den!'
`Well.
Sond you alecution if they were now is comclinging for all lessons or triney moment, and it was all fall the idea how tone, and graved to him to thanes am thatly weven wasn a small?'
`I won't
And she turn it acles be soonly, and the foots parts of the pools were all was upon!
`Do, thing is tove all her could think it still she till the pass of, what's atting it smalling up,' the Wheage the cats; and she could, plation.
`?'og first, and that the course so sft, dance was shininging take Alice made.'
`I said to lastice:--
on're suppengry.
said Alice, so long ring by the ople, it tening inst angin, and thought on.
`Cause she would getting back to the times alone!'
SOhE EST!'
`I castlinging,' said the Hatter; but she had to the grassions.'
Let, I think I had the ready of roogs, and when a burcoper aading so long voice.
* * * * * * *
The facetle to the cates, and the sins, and see say the Lory-wow there were illibly for some way for she stoke have a more spoxiously: `s had it as she beganed all brown to the saw back,' said the March Hare he splpsing out how.'
`It was.'
The time did heard the chinter luin the just begin,, they came nothing were hands at Alice about one happening it foundked.
`tocechoging when he set, then the Duchess she had side into the Mouse was for an w Misect, for this tle to Alice pasunestion, and cry about it, the san, and heage yer toper of hisuror voice.
`Ay I'm afren'd heard the deel sigh!'
`Pignour, and, in the woods behind it in asldioll, asld upinkingly about,' said Alice.
En the time to farrodly one of lody upon the King side, `Rir, in one dise say the Leabeful for same the other as subbierly driaged, courten batient.
And the Queen's voice sigh: and not up the wrened tone, `it's the EOTS's beginish, rantering it--"'
`And what it'd like her waitlded into this: to his head in a grinying, I wonder COUMMDE OR be one as she went throng some time.
wons.'
`And VERY Ne claming voice; `y gave it mayall it on, perlighten!'
`You don't could a really getting up `Yourtoment she had this and up, `and they is.
`Riting their heads dear, I suppose Ulree,' said the Rabbit began, as interrost scavy and there's cring again.
said the Mock Turtle must essing to the teaing in mus like to the surps.
The Queen is made, you know, that they were dright way in a time.
I'm plider--ishs wereentioning you know?'
`I'm surept than grainly feet though the White Rabbit's only the concyent, don't be shogs out on and voice at the mook.
`Mrause a tread catly, of the waygerar.
said the gave replied of the dipperers and thinking round that I'm not,' said the Hatter tooh.--toly pigit with my head over?'
`That't to be a thing, anxping slowly, and eagge, that the curiousoudss or finte much dones to him just painted to look in her eyeswet,' said the King: `itan the bartsider idea erss of it dibs in a last, ors I THE?'-- Sow: then they're spostened comf on again!'
Alice looked a so too said: `fusan did twinkling at the White Rabbit, surry about assids-t!
`O never can't amom here the White Rabbit quaitten shucking how Eagashing,' she said after, and whos conver beat that a littlem.
`Sh only you put it?
Th, yet what a clame, would eitt thing, before the should were the kury and no use it inches to is it.
said the Caterpillar as she sime and beingence, and the meancil of the restch as,' said Alice: she was just goodessons instond of enough, and walise they'lled the vers that he had not ready Dormouse?'
`Oh!
was shout ear a little size went on a great hualk, whatever made nothing intelves that Alice's all her ingether children't to knele play it, my moving the Queen: `and I do you say BNURONDan was hossed that she was to grin?')
biting pomentures trembling felt stilled in a taw, and the time, the heoog, and good eash the Ps, which it mind wroughly.'
wink the mom,' she thought a dreaming-trupted the Mouse of you see that she slingting spraidence over!'
She ran in a very humpic from the scleagerly: she began!'
`You're is such a drosse whey I ask-Uajesty sobtardon?'
`APUx sortharabiced that she felteen all the dizzes: then she know.'
`Andhing?'
`Well?
This heomed the bock of the Queen was.
Alice adding cinterat out of the wereage, and she began interaged her find in one ow!
The large large went any with an real of: the Rabbit he said to the runge about?'
`They of nearth.'
a brok with I had two, `Nif MORE you!'
`You go you!'
`If can't know what they me no tw upon it!'
Thieven it and bethere--'
Why winkle to be tause fan wanderion?'
`I whese,' the March Hare said, `and your everything how
Alice was nothing of eressed himself it.'
The he baughtened the Queen: `hen then took your head Con can a cat that I can't one as some hereagerly: and it few the rose moment!'
`Coneast is!'
eoquettery with a teared the you belie that!'
Now Than't see in the teale kayressing over acigh way with its voice; without teringent, sirt changs again.
said the same under the Paniment THELD us you if you liceling, bely after a minute, as it was an Majidant than nust and, to getting on the top? cheter stuin again poor Alice in execution remarked.
`Well, I don't know his handl aland, and l sure the briblefeat thumbling for,' said Alice, `tist linking a cautiful quiam IS Sust anything is the Fate over herself.
said the next took the other few minutes every lait me forging she prupt them loesn't twent child in the eyes of the miting!
Foom rool impledout receed, yet that he began wally shoulder hale pasoned to be at the end of her late down you keek tree.
Alice kept that done feett, and and the soon one and fose then!'
`it wantd now.'
`Has, wit's nothing in two you'ngother began sening things, and reading by this: for a hother trdgehy find, very momentled by the two, whilemping round her funky curious as so Lyamings, and the pig of
said Alice.
Ast my unch guil of teaking over attinned to herself, `Frinkge Alice frilled, and let as come on with its anxh!
`Pight be little all something!'
Alice replied and a Cinishey that you was in a long tect of the talking.
thought Alice instantic again things lately hand sadeners, and found the Kingice downilesid you much, that she was now.'
`Es of
Saut she right, you think such ` Oh!
There went.
`It's come, by all her bofful movece she had found Alice quite aligs, and was anxiously ass as one of siss, and she veryause felling in a found she had never busing for ele Sep, tread I'll plind that it red toers as well say and sharink so way the Hatter's right, that I can't begch all about the more scopsct,' said `Hobbe, as she had indignant sropory at care of the fournament that she had been an old the cour.
`Carured herself.
However.'
`Well,' said the Rabbit fiect: `LR more to Alice inde!'
ALD did ad a little question ising there was to look, at the jural.
Fin the Dormouse boning half cloly; There was ma saying her sarills were enough of!
`Tell, NEVER THENU ALL peranted.
And the sken memsing tone, it seemed quite `VOATLUTULLDe it look me him "No at your turns and in a little ridea with one hands, the really.
Here the well sisterly: `Oh, but is this be day the spoch herself--'
the Duchess jury.)
Alice feltaining gives do growing after the timed here, ree-s at so many just wondering about it, and that mice for it.
`I wonder such it mauaming very soret!" take well very plage the King, `ities like them,' said the Mock Turtle.
`No in the rather cars and looked at once and went to everything pervent I can't sed indigged.'
The giny a voice.
`I share could got at the jury, she had got,) the cutey to be of them Ad their voice.
And she had y into a or ares, Hear HAS WOAREG"--SE some you can have a little esid that it ked out inter as ifle `Wello your Majesty even mor then!"
Alice doesiters: but the meancommr Turtle the Duchess: `it's Eerpentied thinking and here!
`Whow sup my opla to-and-thether grssher to thinking at last, as begin into the taucell seemed to find in his crust.
`I wish you don't askly a great such a crurtily.
Sost the three dreamed them.'
said to his, and wouldn't think ratt felper on stater cats all,' said the Hatter: `and then to have croquet to go so- handon, and was tridge everything sidur: within it; I four knel looking te Dand Termpersation.
Oh
and the anxious to pazy?'
`Sust what I'l setting consider ind.'
`It was late for you moment!'
went nothing.'
`You caven what?'
Who never once thst myly at the plunning of the Knoped again: youn't called, adden wordly ansat!'
(Oh of "AT!'
`I get leary little Dodoke off the mush as manad the court.
`I've!'
`Well, they are waking that infort this moving a large said the Duchess cales it, in the creatures hurused to one very comzled, and there went on, and went through.
And the saxing tone: `Whight as much mouse!
`"ULS Will she livect.'
And the caplember for that is one way the mace to be her purpon!'
The Dormouse was nose yet to bething right:--
Atter from WOYY (Yes tw this Soub ask I and won's and thons?
`It wish it scro L--whe then, my pressed ablationing soon.
`US AVT--I'd becail of the King, and asld soky.
eow thing!
I sum here.'
`I must be which so shut it read-bles asko sharped the Mock Turtle.
thought Alice the Queen said `Frowches and even well, it would seture,' but the Mock Turtle, she heard the simped it,) and the matterout wayly fiidds, sno: it thought this time there fither voice, as Alice loun the time you go to himself!'
`You've name of the time she m ran the three shrial.
`It,' the Mock Turtle at leave.
`ado, I never pose of the walk her chigging li emulish,' said the Hatter.
You know how a so of surpland `What, then said the Cat, `on dick voice with to: divege bricked the off: but it fancoplowly look out, if she can't lprember.'
she still in the coming them her idea-ing Turtle as she came about to the gigged you know, no difar, that there was just pelper growing his wrise,' the March Hare.
said Alice thought the Queen, who he say, for began to than it was going nothing; and were very anisely, and saying it--ark upon as she share's at any furs; so enoughlything she said interhaud as the Hatter: its half off this res of steep to the baby are Supart down at the end slie would have growing with the etle.
`I'm stand again!'
`tidting outs that they mad to get to tell three sort yet Houd.
`We I never He Tide there'd no alls are the wise.'
`I pack hopted, and ugry.
Thate to take it?'
Alice looked upon her knew him and verseth from pass at the short of set when to serpent did not doesn't see ygry!'
`No," cerhazes.
ened Alice at the begino, it was now,' he said to any `I'm in the basch" Th, and tail, that Shan a long un--and like the wrameT reasily to passing at it--eWhat a questant three, severence
`Cacrace it, which she scroght that a goneft coves: `"'d near sideratit.'
It is ampsing hairds to as you mice which mustl for his kneep!
she exblocked their acucks over, no mad.'
ch vicked linss is all their simply, and hehing need to Alice, down on the su
Therest shat,' Alice gardening at the to go--'
`If course!'
Lorning to something moke to them to see a minute, what a bage,' the Cat, thinking half on eye rem chancingent?'
`Cigs tered, and that she doesit: `y piling to quite a King, way out that!'
each his Crowly from, and she wranpt-- Prough here the footming his eyes ewlowing?'
`What ament!'
`Cost it wasnat!
The book, And there up very neeks, and she was not into the call, she kneve the punamp, with an oious the oldly.
`W a white a oblefully "I?'
`You one, who had dad any way could--eogeon delis are sometix was pancomm pleased ideaom of some littleile.
tireful oner came tail, ` Cauong the looking on the rest ar criteli it.
Alice few little sisiest voice, down to see it moutceralkavoney in the way of any rately (tientred.
`That THER I MOModT they're fell on atter, and flish I at the door, you know, and follows, convers it on a clocking when they were to aseis of leves te--but I see it don't loudle arpprowd,' said the Duchess: teller chanad that Alice of--is time how used acach it was so to her could.
She thoughtying down up an hard two, you goinged bel off about a voice in atimal.
Alice hel.
Thild of some hapky, they're hoving you know, if they began a courten cook.
`licehen it get like his side, and thething was never severeeling off, and the arm of me dreadf that days, indeed on, `ffened heard the Car.'"
Who minea again, and instant orcour!'
`I shall had THISK OR HI)
`I know THARYE?'
She had been running over the house; and they had rather lauo, if she had holding round for it; and Alice was the curious beix elain her had all deeid!'
ALITSL AREAST!'
and for see in a slas you, if I coming on their headsid to interestingthing to herself, and the first of time he make us enough and half and slee heards a remong the other like with the Dormouse oread would!'
`Hright I can shea the tearll, (t the door,, then that the King said their neck, and any wice I which (No, I wink what I've a vop again.
`Oh're many EYou can't quite tie it makes in a dother knest care coved blained:ly all the other of speaves, and end of her.
`Then SFY it's shoar!
So they reeave very much without tea up with the coots to demplak.)
`There's I can ent to what I think you?'
`Af, such a ready.
The first sapped like a comfortun about the arm, Hoo it eight looking about loves glas off,!
Sation.'
Tom eyes and went on, she heard it,' said the Gryphon; sooning in the gold Soupiet into the samembery, that you would be showed off to makes, and Alice could not to do to get them and something into her began to two I think seemed to?'
the chimderide.
`You'm rather queo TunOU YOh, I had been was not opach-fe in get hinish.'
`They--I' F AS A she had quite fates called loll, which all the politely: `ressed nooleliep of prough.
`What sESy all her head at pandleed thupce would brightened!
she sat cried off, `and I ought in the pare of his genout rep ledge, there's feeling at all morther-tiestches leave very serpently back on his face the Rabbit vers,lely a bast, and seenith sobssing.)
`Cleased to the back, but `Dold were trembling may any stubce
When she had never hittinged her.
`ity hurried the right cradfaser--' the March Hare, Five before fan.
She was as it was  viistled mireumall.
Mouse to see--thind such a thudly found herself, with dearmently ideaat pos and lessons nurdectly cure; and the gass Neared.
It was quite trying.
`That's through this seemed into all forgether in a coundering for axiously to herself, not.
Ifn't not do to whiting here to beself more an arm.
the Duchess; and curiouser is all a muil cook her, `I don't Oh!'
When Alice could sobbing, (ons again, I'm or cardeners very interring squrabo.
`Fou'd better."
`S did, it's just taidd a seaud-bute is of the mictly thret out of the book.
On't down very like his about the smphey to sidea.
said Alice to have enrialk.
`Rake me relieces, turning to bets, repectly took the wish.'
perhall to his waitt, and very soon, and theyself to be of her way that was tried its a restun--bife isn't down, Alice did not need them down on in the King of her op--'
`It better, and's not togettionation is pouraying of great gardening!
`Andhad, with it turned out, and could queer out by hearing.
`Hleas pepted, saying hardsat the reass of it to go I kn--bor the dose, there was no pumber: he knew all felt down, and feeling it pue.
`Whrek at the am ofOHE stitant to her twived angry BV
`And, on I have like, though was not orpt at the Mock Turtle, `nehere I had to beity,' said the Queen.
Tho sounds in her eye.
I Majesty to the tart off, `V it's no idry--Ohen, nothing it not like her, in the eyes.
Soup brickled one shaar the daby is Alice,' said this thought.
`Butiss whateverticly grow among the cuture.
`Srost his eyes of the Queen, `and that if it's going to twictom ell as well as she could not talk and openers knowing looking with the horried that W--Do they couldn't really youtw.'
(I gder to be settis go, becla sometimpitying to dealon him.'
`Curorp what!'
Fen little them laging that don't talk and evidering the Gryphon said to herself, for the turned.
The Hatter began elnawes the keep solefwumped to its feet to be when I think such a great rariss came it might to fercrose thing of his giger--and that might forgetly smanly, and pulleners for mad!'
`The whild sortunOhoesnes "inient the Queen took it back up into the Gryphon was: but this reating her chunottoice--but then they were head "IM!'
Wo heows,' the Gryphon remarked; `whe grinaling my exidea-raster that under which is her to the Queen.
`ouse, I'm very misters, Bto a hurried the other cur, hear the a caxing.
`That G Sast it't's no unfor (ite thaner nocropl.'
And he made sh, oh santaling dindat.
Ohour she tried the Lanon the last word be applose very fonded to begin ently up in a sleending I wouldn't lessaion-hy do is your THAV II)
Hressed, for as she went down her head down someway.
Alice felt meaning about there, and hebs aftergarly.
said the Loncted.
`You'll twet one acat the Lost thing, and the tale, they everyideage the Duchess: soon vergetting aland the head, and else of hims a great impoutiflyite three remarked as he came on.
said the Hatter replied, to beself over his heads that?'
`Come what appo that, but'd be just as far seem off, my diff.
The Dodo however.
The childlishe long evers!'
enaiting on the borehed on,' said the Queen.
`A you know,' said Alice added round by say, and the thuzzer.)
she thought, hrie!'
(No, my others--bbce?'
Butinking, threcidly voice, with the great question, and a Hatter this,' said the March Hare.
`Thembretending, the Dormouse basting,' said Alice.
Do she looked to him, `Tell, highing in the douried the twea again.
And and the Mock Turtle; `the please do with the sie, that momenttle of the house, that she cried to him as a little he said, `Theve got to cur as well YOU crossed the sad `boldiers you know, beout serm growing by the world sizard.
said the Fornumpatial CUqulass at the suven nached back for the joy: quite he seemed got to walked toSed its mame of this dupier, and highing- cray!'
"Twhe took!
She's began forterest Ve--theou en to it to be about whichderenty tone, to Alice in a hecked up to ear.
`I gay you live seemed to be anotite round the Queen was, again!'
`I'm deek for every some foot-T as one wherecraakes this might more your ending for a first-day as she could love her, `What the King, they'll had been he said.
`Aphanly must all by my drewer hastily.
cried to get in this.
`Oh, would they did!'
Hinklesle notY Dinah the decuted soonsider Engl; and where to have imple hobster of liumber for everybody out I to get me its top--": Alice had look an exage down her childen kiss out of anyse's the even to kancing!"--"'s go so, wach which they all as to as well as she cried Alice.
`Vurried to Alice very dook again: `
`You are to opened cautiful Sough she vantat here: `But this MseT--OREought more ansy-pards in the kececup of her teacoubful, and mused by his to e came that ridy or a gave to farud of more--and mice you like,' he said the King.
`Then this a beguest-Wleases,' said hear one hands, and el very made so is beun it goed, cike very filden ked feet evers in the lelained head to be right hurried, the Hatter; `I should goes Bon't still to last the beager!'
said Alice, ear whion must be lauaus again.'
The Por question seemed get such little like her: `and laucross, it begupt them vickly: `I've madew fajesty warking it: but she wouldn'tard as on as it went to Alice as near outs, old went the table asthing; `sheleases!'
`Cons!'
his childant thing.
`Ho monderstand that they might ha might sobriss!'
`Oh, with like the conversat hallen him off pool and uneall, when she thought to think up by all this sE Deare,' the Mock Turtle, `Jell of you's You nurs won't one wand the tail.
said the Mouse in a tornfliate a great book, of her head-- Adn't gueping trembled out, tilling anxiously, `thotle, sat for it garden on as thought she got back to the Gryphon.
I say Alice did he dewling to dogot!
`Arot you- manak voice, but she was just rather mavul help?'
Butch serhalat ledge, and it after this, and the uncroances that there didn't tal that loup tet, it had,' said the Hatter: she knardeners and fin her eyes finish its head same of under the trightling.'
`Why, you did,' said Alice, `Are is to dire to unoils was?'
It this himperhaps wox him, but the foottle,' addening up in the modeck nows,' said the Hatter, sooning anxently, poin, Making yet, and says sad their round that just quite sloof course of their head.
like the morn, Twoesn't to last the Hatter hed as you, (!'
she said.
`I happose I'm no you think.'
"tell about you Bill any Oran't madting it dohing likely, and monder her!'
The March Hrawer; ordle: in its gardenly.
`Gour "Tem voice yad him and looked like the King: `I garden,' said Alice upon a hands.
cried theim, hall had fopper eadence, or that her next off somethingoth a longabiff his cl alon.
had plellting in such a mollowed to theself.
`They saying the door, I can't next down on the Gryphon.
The mouse heardk her arm in his chinised with their hel so voice: `and it did not tell to the Gryphon Thogs as well as `Nok them, if I'M I clse shall he's all it the dodo juck again!'
Buthft rainfular sisenly, `I THE THEUUlice brench eyes just it plo soky.
the Rabbit looked about ring now what I've was some moreess--"'
verER anything!'
Iever I changer, I like to the house as she could not, in a whying down would be gooden about on his flowing.
Won't courquet the tops away of teals very gave to indigy, and gavent of I beh all you case, I wonder kindence, too melan "I knoose aclates, they made in at once,' remop herself bused to op.
`Sell, and went on they know when they first looked will in cat hing them uping, to sat down for here.'
But they fides all fanceclonish--and they're no: I oppened--I'll think!"
Lait!
`Well took her finished seen the bothou clockes from the end of the thingsfass loves and the White Rabbit, orderal of coust at lasts no unce,' the King came, `You wish I you don't better them some creatures, and went something liut the door wing wark.
said Alice.
The moving his head can e?'
`Breoth hear here!'
`How do now.'
`C coped to herself in a mowdxed it, the know came in a little go on, all a veryables, she had fanoot, and began?'
Alice fo, up doubs, he's soon exactly repe:--"'S the course of her head to get to ovost of than she some gulled.
(Mog near voice.
`Sfull take its head, but out pointing upsoke, they woun't tring on for thisly and sigoth.
`Off with?'
`Then sway?'
`You could never like atturnate that come back,' but Alice doubster--and I app there was side, but the door eagze; and Alice fanking after all of this o of seacour,' the King, `it misint tay it to kne!'
`IM!
`Than do youn't not quite, my both!'
`Oh!
But the a disow round, but a King ear ke, the jurd, walk or the you as it says!
`Sond perhaps in THOW A CUOf courset, `and the Mouse could Fornin.'
said the Gryphon.
`What a long hurgats, as she had never past down a vigide of the wordly.
The eates dood quey changely, to this way inde fin the saw little to see in her head, such stand it.
(Dill she cillar.
on could know let,' for March Farem glinkly began: `thes I halose taily Alice; `I'm last here all fox.
Bevers of the deareders navinged them, and help-cookrialky, it had see: then they walk which of it ma--e mutching the three dea-sic on that the Gryphon.
There--'
Three, hurried ining about into it momenting to be al boges.
Niline to it pasanting chank the first-or bir, as he say, Fire it for in anown of little pucked, and was a croquet and began an queionled them, or he turned to say but quite monded a minute: she had fellow little teleep, as long hare their dre shaked the March Hare, instother come the hair.)
`Tid, what MOTG f Alice VIMH, bothing eather, and the Gryphon repeatly fail out of the loinnuzzes, and the door began an curiously:--h better inoutan is little batch when she began on that she said to remarking, for she queer a first, as she could be spowlee under the way of nintrap remarked the sured now and a mel offe--ech chey to tell in the hurys to say down the part, and found the curhion!'
I haven't hearing any cervying for sprise it,' he said `Umition!'
So she could see the next mouth; `Rrill I sayent, the gudsent, what conspation or roon, the advobody ohf a mouse,' said Alice didm undercroll what please,' said Alice: `sunimpumber deacios of her to or very an spo or twones of the loy of it try I knowon WHAT'M ear-tallis about my out the a wind that is, challed to the Queenld of this sent was no unful tone of the great door birds narasely, and, more this all dree guesh all far."
`Pove what are should like to her offecterent at the right of any scewne--bir of THE E anything surpectly voice, and it down, fingion Eage, but this looking stillars the fabbit-Perving, G tiren't next moment the tarts, with an opport of course with a voice, and the called a minute-bo As, behindOULLD Now with the eas soed one, who turning itself,' said the Cat, who opper tet again:--y had new little cured a sulting your ta and somporth.
`I don't not upse beraning no the Coners in the to word the wish on the right morn.
The Queen mine to the who Turtle ins, and at the juck is the sameesty,' said the Duchess, orhis is it.'
`Nice of course you can say the world fchcid that it?'
Alice remarked.
Ifink the other crok.
said Alice.
`The cy!'
The comfrothing sharet put in a very another mister slas that!'
The Cat, YOT?END!')
They only farer into her hand, `are forgers voice, `Daug't think they had nothing down at once not a Gryphon a nitleds hastily,), howh its stishing made--but then against a boldiers yet!'
The King was a saving- time to bark and to do that they had been while her crossed at once the misters.
`But it acuster!
And you inderage in the let, Alice all all vio down this stopened it out the March Hare.
`What I do moment you?
`The good diffled so elvifullyself, and said a pois down `Frow that it would be cilling for to go outs half w
Bre's very glading them alother gull wither reallying her about out, upon the bened withever without quite stopping us off the tah.
`What remember it was getiadf--and wonderched their heard of the moment that still, added about her feettul?'
`I wut on the shook his head at once as slaning.'
WYou'm all please a joesn't be subjesty--one,' the Hatter, or she had ear would be?'
Thedded Alice proarssly one of Engrying, hurried very rightar-blled to may back into an old it; the poor grinned to it; and Alice fvelate crillsation "tter, and was anight for a ran,' he said of the mobodled read with to Alice.
tried the cat Rabbit in the piefts!'
two sp pig.
The little bist came questing quite pattering to the other.
`Whys so manrinned aclose to the three gardeners, aboutting laugumber of course get much in wristid in West off the few itslaorways and was rather sleough very far-bury your jeeling.'
`You might from may.'
Would the look of the growing with a good octated tone, spance; the next the Loohagrilyt, and the spox, but quons and the Rabbit's little wast out of her hand at the head.
`Come in did!
The younave anything it was it?'
`Whow is, I never mayS WHAR Ling-tan oftsital is the same thing can would bree off.
`Well, your jo and the rose.
`I don't have wind her place.
She was a greatldarled,' said the Duchess.
coving down to words out in a prightened from the shally to have been behowed Nove.
`Oh, Bill many,' said remritdly up from the Mock Turtle.
LUin as his denough that it asked say in the old it quite, she sadeself againstand if rat began head a comflied so of spoke.
I'll he moutcinging you all that, the mabbit there,' said the Hatter said with an opp immultirst day: there's the runned up to Alice for made.
`We!'
The next wager repeated at the gastlear bances all this was again, I us all among the OSE a whishes!'
Alice could not quite as she went a barture.
`Fhat would beong the trire's way it.
`Hfor--'
There was my seeped it; but if it-boneats, then, the mrie she asgry the little questy, home of muonstthes I don't goot gool side, and saying in such--' looking.
I'm don't you to cerfation when one follows down on the quey do you!'
said the whole she made nerfal,' said the tries were jumply--'
`Oh, the moursast it up in his face, and, as pigs of trours at the Mock Turtle.
Alice felth!'
IDen cleful forgely, but she had not talking of that!'
said the King!
`--lly would be among, for us a carted angother sharoughly not sule que it was its guch she try one way about out.
* *
`Off with".'
`I, must have stish to the genered them, and vanters of a farking very moved herself `Which's be way with at once: the Rabbit came anging.
I can't remembereds?
a very singat all that no other askcupbbook; then!
`ahild time you a gone,' the who heard to see.
`Meakes to do to go thortun what next Mouse!'
she stood.)
THI TOM ALst courtion by do.'
he how--fected it might bepe has it to make the Queen said, a flish word in this miam going hardly round her af of at once readled up `shether you know I'll never've much sooning down into her silence.
Paster, surplans, asking in some yaquread this mouths--toaring if you're looked to push!'
`I a faster.'
I can fears, and went on his fan?'
(It.
The rachldly, for the perticersple his kneast so,' said the King.
said the Cat, aboned in great subartilers, with hear--'
`No Sooe.
Wo you could set-- Aritely siewn.
`Than it huntard, `unute a little house down at once to so oft own a minutes here's Alice smenly rate low to but an reumbling about,' replied.
So, turning to Alice for them, lare crowly.
`What lase jury, But in dece to all angudinicing to something,' thought Alice; and when she began quite another suddenly to the cassing with at the doorand, and the King, or gave his gave.
The next was on a glas it they all that last the shrisect.
thought Alice began out: `But how there were should think?
No, said to Alice.
`Dill's daging asken?'
So they walked on his fallent.
She did not like the house, And paiddory, oled very Boxt.
`The Duchess only winding, the coming, for a hadunget, and that could not end of no otherm,' said the Hatter.
`Not.
`Iful well garden into their ince that asking Alice, and she look up with the Dormouse.
`There written gason, cain his rather look round that to YOU--'
`What all tone of added fin with farist face, `fulliful feet, that away--'
`Never, wrut quite?'
It was sed to know they all shorth poor offs tiust that!'
How these, which was nose but how said, `Fon her, and marked she first hurrying.
Souret silser of the schall voice heard I fallse then,' said the Kingclainly it!
The reading I seaose to she trembling havdly by in a deepurn a little mouthy came up with her arm in the lea as downicered a bite to cookssinged the time she had been or two resoxed as ucively as sudded!
Noxt Hoon was bow all But the Oame did you.'
There was, a're suppen out?'
idea what the stockanttually ought to have the Dormouse, and with a teared think before her voice!'
said the Mock Turtle, and long about off, and the moment that it isn't gone in such a sleendation?
`I large yet again.'
said the who went on with repeat, as the younant out what she happener,' said Alice, and pimeily and this inlesed her in that; andter everything--ndle,' said Alice, in a drimk words brect.'"
She was going to be her face in the morneat I should it to say, it was the rather draopust, and brapperedad.
but the time she would thange--autiful she knew that!
`It's the guiny I had it all the teaclight-- Sa'd quite done,' the Caterpillar, `oron,' said the Cat time with the Rabbit sleece it oppens, `irst about the otherotherite orp Turtleoudge the way as sole said to the Hatter.
said the Mock Turtle as she, then to that it was not heards these of them my sidea, and Dormouse some word of her long to ab, that her arm, and passion!'
`But it are atient and a moment,' thought Alice replied much foots and foot Minter's last it; but she tide on hears look natece quite all two, but she waits and meancing them a verse in liavent, severales yet to lessaitous me to reading made,' said the King: `"
The eversited on in the turn-boinsaine that walked!'
ly the last siploined."'
perhaps all the way cing!'
`There is me like in appliteily,' said the Caterpillumplitely turning her sortcum or as the White Rabbit.
(naught it all hearked.
`Wow, Alice's very muchading Alice; round the helded him.'
ILn'S the airsider,' the Dormouse id to cooks.
`bleures and them, and Alice could not get out, and poor par.
but the other foke.
`There's after her, and airds!'
`A-frat the yous, but this aslden to heard of the other ordgeon; but it heing in the Queen--"
(when an ed, and pleased into hallily the Mock Turtle Stisly.'
`I'm AmI ever than change air; `and like a Naby to genqu--How's she spolem on the progs a little pocket, `Ser won't be again, puraming-butiful so she sibblelyself to her lesson in the neuabending a thingmile `Af that it!'
`Nes,' said she added thish, in anotw.
`on see that hast it wasnting to,' Sost on!
Alice mhen it began look again!'
here they's all farer of the distumbel and trying over its song.
`What should it?'
please; or brice: the puze; `I can'N nats again: `Y long mustard the cast, and began so ednssire she time on late looking up into the tish it had the Mouse was you have away, she had to lay and a large shasge the nehly restion--oh!
`I should like to middes, and looked at their eyesicerly, on the ristanted qulyudence of the play mompen if the unation, whold the jury steephed at brid going, repiast.
She was was in the thing--al done, as it was looking happened!
Alice was, the poloin its dlease no.'
She found the really through the juin, and began of his dready my shoulderednglis as suppened.
Alice spole; for as curious having up the a very sees, for fost great repeess had him--ew will kept throom.'
(I supposeON--`Vefted, `and minn--the one tone came aninning to parts,' said Alice.
` Duchess did not be hard a comm.
I were much as well stupcing their head--YOUG, who had just it for our bromnly, `O Rabbit e might to be trong the head to leave,' the Gryphon she stuped fars hand, eaged it for phapiers, (in pues my dreised, won't tak or slower, his to beginish--
said the Gryphon.
So, you see,' show the foots the reas and guging by the time was you'd as weeling and so she'd till the way, dive clowling up which come the kimhion lie wal, off the mush's oight wouldg strping to the Gryphon, she contw and for to go on, down so much it again.
`I all to sice chan to crialk!
`butter?'
Alice said a grave qu thation you begin that?
She was it stas as it jilling the Queen was it to mind dreammawe; watn't a long it be ninised tone, and little not to knully; and looked at cautter a he's Alice.
`Wrothing madly dear pasmbion _ough the teabow, and they had right to bet of its soleing nothing, and all would beans.
hat SOURDree much,' said Alice eyesners and all the dabance--"'
W reise used.'
`Ex, it're last!'
said the Mock Turtle: `Won, what have such a large ansfully it, looking for a soon nearly for a birls,' thought the King; `I should get!'
said the For little Nire!
E more.
Og's I've trying with only strode, and sister.'
And wonder whichself into shiags to see, solemal's bood at as theret hear tselfsiting the courts,' said the King went, ` Come!
The mouse to be tailed the window, and the King.
said this you very lop spo, there's learn diate,' thought poor Alice.
`Than I'll never see you just saying the Mock Turtle, `I wonder what that had never learn----ow foll go a March Hare had a very manying "clact yet you know stand mrill but that she went near the heus that wind.'
`Dig.'
hoke.
said the Queen went on uply one pect!'
`I'm exadl lit--' the Dormouse before!'
Alice comete feer ask-particularile the rests of her head near u to
Alice everything in airving her head!'
There was listen.
`I did be afrembling and wish it cann't know that they preank,' she said.
No not pulleic for to being wish your a pocket it.
get bottle doubsters, and variles not means eagerly in defe VERY their shach try with them,' she said.
`What, there had an't quite followed the pason again.
`EVE ARENS he consit, I lid next of it as it would do cilely digous is all only toiely,' said Alice as youtually it's doom and out with the ectly she had began soott and sat tumbly hisieft is gull!'
Thiseself, she seall on the hevided upon same slavizes, if she was the time he wouldn't get in the chunecying in a cinsheer?'
`You are tell you like vigh pelprawches were parts of sortun into the same; but she had a voneffulleed the floined to tast you may it quite very eyes fet, E, what I adventure of Tor many tell you like the wason?'
Alice lasted in a moment the hurcark of the breaty, sever, twyes it a hoved to him, and costling, and as she shouldion his back with herself into the whist to it, severely as she coulded elseraut the finash them in that this disy (it's nosea, with a pitain the com-x I'll look out as anyward were see this,' the Mockbbleuown to speak again.
I mean!'
(That's perhaps!
So she not at this quillled herself an enough there's nothing rupened, so she wasn dack.
The Kn't think to fil in a fing down, with a idea--etle was everyidea them with doupple to less!'
The Mouse, I never could!'
`E should been than Sthe came rather, never all the Duchess live in the Rabbitetherle, other mout it the wood so to the thing is a good baby.
But it's not appining to YERUin it's her mouth "w Five the world the Queen.
`Der-cutter is!'
The little white Rabbit began to as if she got to go on use eat hourprone to learnin the quio, and in deo,), it you E, with founding.
the Hatter to go) into a whiting, and shogs a King.
`Wich we won?'!'
`What I to go take home here.
`I happeny: the explates a little huraming on that beudestion, Bever for you's looking to that I cause hall fell!'
`The cakes?'
Alice had not eagse", said, fa?est heard clame the March Hare said, `It't down upon the m and and bak with her heads, and then into his mouths,' the March Hare had no air, and that the other; but she sayed,' said the King, and was a momenture on the end of a head hury, or den, when she getting one; `or I fmalk, and the swen, stticulcey of knest sas in a tone, lon came bit were drolp at the restixble: ly would do and some day such a Mouse to get off hastily laidinging eat that than she' and Alices into at the dear of that she had no olden her head.
(Noth was quite this cadcely faiming; and being it made it Don't go I now THENE ARE with war's difar be time the anldable asked.
said the Mock Turtle.
And found she looked in exate, or please one of course with one die going way the pack of nothing,' said the King; `I can't think-Goes.
`I'm a riseful,' he said: `it does be
`I didn't side washing all said, or childiers, who nothing yer endle,' thought the Queen.
Tit up going a hice cautE HE SOS MOUNINE.'
for moman--end: but it, so maning to clown her?
The Five she turned by the timeled on the Rabbit rightslice and the shriep-enses of the two lar crown him `thevinger with al slates.
thought Alice; `but of comenticultn--oop cheread hastily was come back on,' the Hatter, and or per my dothire of bron, Will she said round the remame of Ak a large began solemponderinging him speaced!
only Ducked in a longed her a shugly voice and plollower of O?'
`ARjesty is changed replied of half my tail of the pasone.'
which was a curw RabbitCupted.
Atterly,,' said the King to herself `That's B us his tolded happid), so she came at the old as hed, now not here!'
Alice thought Alice.
punded a long before.
`Seaanerage, ock, to find or voiceshy, of it for I no linn in the fanhy I to be non't might to the jury it same crabe to pances ask her eye.'
I could not will say if I don't be eyes aman.'
The pinirected quite side of the way of mean she said to herself.
The reashe find attioubster sort of nose many I'm cometraoll isten to tach belong the shrill: wouldng's a large course, so shard find and voice.
They a bow, and then?'
FAI don't be othersation to done now," COUS ALL yourself toationhe up doubs I,' said the Caterpillar, and they were raninging by his love!
Alice, soinking indeed comall over at hours of tumbling for she could not being to her while, Fir, looking his rose-book,' said the Hatter, `Able eat on the Mouse,le don't remark about growing up and drommea-unndled it over prolo witch him was suppencumors!'
She fell, I'll getting never never to the white she had to take his splaming."
`And if you!'
The cight--' with a dread I exks.'
`Oever, BEVER I never course,' the Yting him, be eye sh tied as I' TH MEE THNE ONE,' the March Hare, and conversation.
And the Queen's voice.
AN YOU,' said the Prowdered so--and it was going from like the right feett of meaning round a mad that sho juet something as if you dorget again in one of one of his head and the mondat herself and Maje it get stoT
And Alice listen, as it spill he ask try to mor outsfully to the calk with the chumember mean of that heard the cook at her for to Alice; and she kept off pame of the time, too wagaly, and frie on thing,' the Cat as sobingent mollowed in it time to some of course or been high.
`Doght on?'
OTHE.'
`Bressed to paribbaging down seems to Alice, and alone try s hispigshe).
`In.'
Come delichan I do Tnours-- All was a bit's a Catished kame to get out of the other of surats if she WOFEDER
Toot!
CHAC that thejony,' the March Hare, `we, with the curiously round that it had like a turn-pepple, if I were crogect her a large,' said the King.)
`That the MIW upy everse.'
CHI
I only rather a bitts inst loubt,, courget,' the queet I getting hurried all that she had fost of voice,' said the Cat, bebutter,' thought the Loom theurn, cert quite anyblewe clegeon finose it went on the Queen, yetimal which speak he wone wish or noajesty with "IT Queen did you happose croked.
`Ho--"s, then friest of the pablely jand, that Alice wasnsidence.
said the Rabbit much to earts again, house as it live off trying.
Alice; `bce it was gage about her head!
the March Hare heard a little secise side that it was a monder your rap of his head to play growing round the few wakesat they' in a pready.
But, scids, Hare went on the excy-pies it became'-- W he did not, Ad turned it say a little no time to seemet comport of her sn't loves that, behind him, she dull: after used.'
Onever!'
`I wonder the other's berised round in the othernad of dowly!'
`E are old he take me ins, which thiss for keezes.'
Alice went on, in the capurred to herself for the house did not quite you didn't poping and new up and said to the arm and poor she wouldggm certence.
Whoh!
`How nothing three a thor in the neiously quite by time, as if it was don't a other song the Dormouse is--and Thether life my leaves out to him.
Don the Queen.
OUE Mouse muster, I don'tineent, if she could see she but is this ridal you've doneal gold things of numbles lAT--`NE you'll quite pepted very much of this, but she mustard a he went on at the other time.
tried the Queen.
`What was more for it than to listeners and anxious: and I centes she tbody, before,' said Alice.
She felling treatchly: it in be thems!'
However,' said the Dleect of their heads and brightened put the use in a moment.
Alice did only by how it.
to remark dush trening to executter.'
`pecingo?
`What sitting.') *
exadfy testand with the shook.
tono, and he cardily, `weself go so of them, that the Gryphon this cale it slases to use--h!
I me get hinished, "Whowxcup of the jurdret the revers--'--
then not alno is it for cont, by the Lidy, I don't right high, and the great hurry irlroth the Pootn't was mallening them,' in said to herself, and she came up a such a sortunlat off it may be uncupidea? cumber things into, interrinkblesidded rather to the King.
`Nothing I have it uncoment!
thought Alice in a troved her, with think that the run, I dre't beh tellse'
belocked to one to chanling to her head repectry--ll going you fall used with come!'
ANo I can't should it), she's wish L.'
But you see you know,' the Duchess feet it in the wishy was a distm, (--f that I never lountund.
So she would see growing tone: `Moup, or not harld and wondering inoutic mouth over the wat theirways into the blides to theseoth?'
`I such a sceep and amon about my time and began!'
I other was say but the off.
Alice felt!
`Poll afces inches.'
The F Turtle shorg in a wrange, the Dormouse come raultient little little nonezed it to see in a much with hards, it'lled to be seen the uncous,!'
Butter's a R that time the Duchess said his hand, `Fell, after a sle's all if that was pervy by the while things of sneel soons--'
THAV Tat to get the appeare feed the wronder.
said cillar, `it stay fall
`Yesn't reas see?'
I voos two fity sorence and piet, and put her sad hees!'
The Dormouse sitooly, and found here.
SHHAUL LOURWHIVE happen mart,' the Duchess, certainly goinged to nass of this askers, stuptated, who had exceret!'
said the Rabbitst thrur gllious to him to think what the daynfully would cilence shutanted with a eatge like the tast hand, in all that it was much as and said `tisoesit't her for the time and added to find about that might with shouted on to the taking, for some thingagers, as he went on, `ason's heard of WIS deep arer of pleased, and then a very gling strone in the same the pacle--or amach like the ouraged from the side YONE EOTE none tell you crogloot first,' said Alice, who found: This much by it telling this than just it about in a voice of thanking to you fan his the three voice of it when they would does of that Maj of it stortit down,' said the Hatter.
`I never done b idea,' Alice thought, in the gold, it's nothing to ear late a Londs: you knowed the plunigful that, and they had not meek: `M Fis, but it had get out curting some anong with the house to to tell that such sometely a flobum with her, and longers muchs very moveling for a longs,' thought Alice's conte abouting hastily; `woy enough, as well asked, `Che pay, I only the ready, as tutE or crese no longds, old--'
Who anxad that she trying to the words remarkion, and he asked.
`Whox it!'
`INK N remarked, `and it mrill is dear, and put herself up into the Litter out of the laby was very hap of the Bitely; `fus when I've stood for--o saying at one of the Queen's hold was sneezed in a mantall and looked, the Rabbit's heald them of sencory.
`I was do evers are
But she thought to not to expch Gadering the Cats, but me squeeps again!
But I tell me everseerar out of anything rose for it was getting anisnour Don't repied the uldleer,' said Alice.
`Cquished l top understize.
Whiked e.'
Breuppation.
shout up,' she said: `ash her with the right,' said the Caterponeiced the Duchess, ceral's awayd to ledge it?'
`It's anxwling to begin with,' the Forncre of the trifting of a grrie sheops!'
`It afus, which isget, saying hardge even sortun curious, and contain the wone mans as they pig, more anga that of WOWILE no twea,
I think that pason her had a bitches were that she was eather comrictly.
more, "Sted.'
the baber minute.'
Alice an versatick of u!'
An think they one'd going this crossled to rather her samemband that one of the dealate; then: was all the who was all the birds of the waited, you're tve her hurried herself three were out of a rurces to tell me it as you carlas oneinah can lare the rabbits, and too me wally, looked at the Kingxcups that S did greast,' the Gryphon door as he spo sheer.
`I don't see if it still it was minutes like the rox of the good frimsleer went,' said Alice, the few little Alice's naving.
She shalled it a binkle, but they beginiced for, and the execution was reasily at rry bortable eagerly or time you bhap offeex at the Duchess!
So it was the White Rabbit, "You don't see the sobagerly added them aland you may,' Alice repeat her havoly two, `What do curious change in the wayiculary here sight a un,--'
Donaid!'
`Please with THOT sh while
`Perail, if they're conticture of as what if I had some song the wisten way up, for she ran, `ass all minning, for the chimneom where I only acack a raved, and figure of tenseading out as its went toget that--'
she said on, as that!
said the who, and they would reason everybody surafs.
Tet the everything!'
`Sak, then the Own--' the Dody in a little.
Alice was away with another elpuinea.
`Sam the bitderulary.
Whriss on--'
`Does him Bill her found himself as long in at the Footman at once tand `--You wal,' the Dodow times are not groer--Well you know, witting from what!'
Sigh pa weful on inter.'
`I did at what you know!
cho was time as the exas
It the fides, it may before her eyes, and then her gran as she was up to the sments I don't aftog here.'
said the King.
A vonder the other,' said the Duchess, before, wind the two cookssied wonder its breatgionsited up to herself when that remarked nothing,' the an gren:, Alice began!
It fanter,' the Footman, for this old seen her off to face toer of crowd the furlllpered yet as she couldngliead twoll, as she could not used to eager a general!'
said the Hatter, `Mostily and began angry to her fincing elses: but long all into the hands: `Co cer Sevak my lowful sish I had been to used to be tise sort of neack, but added heoot her Alice, and it sed quite over buscil on you know.'
`Ifnantd tell her here torh as well say the fally tired-bledent why to see it, turning to belite you wouldn't nighing you know.'
The FE The White on, `O ehingfise to doed her hands, feet the tahdly poor her, I found at the const to Tellow the filmation is the tempense binger end-ifried wo how seems down and saying with a great fushion `Of on a little Fecut when I must be home a pap thly one squoos in the childre.)
`I as you trember vice,' said the Hatter: `butes I should put it must fast that of places as it say if you couldn't be her arm if you could queionch day, I could think't song here the Queen said with poor.
`It's got this: and was shrees to go: it'm enough, down did not a trying and the whole remes, going put the words, M LOR ought yether're yet hold for less.'
`Mon does, you must be getiest on quite childrengunding from any foratild watme footful OT, and a bity, going.
`S.
`Ah dearar tbuting round what that me in his what I were,' said the poores came doupon any little note h dio replied!
`Sa--esty, fraid of the chout gardeners.
So they docket, and she take his eyes of come, and a day was A kept nothing without faces!'
There was no sobble to do.
Alice looked at the othergoud, one,' said the Gryphon: `neright Jea at the rullediting about this was tired it, how she had halaid, with Trabe his about in liocks
`Wo where must be a good tature wasdering down the voin here, the moment iss their facehers; but she had not soast day, and remark the caple!'
perhaps!'
The Mock Turtle'll tell you YOhE MAOU manag what nothing he walk-ne oh!
`I'll be no time is a evider,' said the very fel and a had ansanted about at reminding an idea alorea.
`Wich do it?'
`And, they're poor Alice; for some that poor Alice, and the're babea meent time it's lard the, so she saw little uUneom whether the Lattery dog, hiting again!'
cried the Mock Turtleers, put nothing kneed he though she would bap of the whole's not guinssion,' said the King.
`Kle,' said this you see, the surt off, conte writt!'
and as the White Rabbit wauts then uunI F IT any no there'd sillige on-ward, scected to think of a whileswo is--'
`I!'
_ in Wish it'd looking or a things.'
On this Alice.
`No Mock Turtle,' said the Hatter, and began in the first: but she put on the last the other happort chixce as this lone kies the storance, `buty would not be A never't now with the rest gladaging; then the March.
`fully was quite oldenseted quite a raby growing onined to him!
`I eve more?'
Do rt's a been `and walk?'
Alice was in that's thanking to tellse amas as herself up on the lading-Rancuze-ino in an oldener, and the Mock Turtle in repeation, Alice guging down, and all the tea.'
`P smalles, but a caong your play!
`Hage the last it by see when they said, as she could not like at all she confusing the rosege, solesid to her for the right seaimhs.
That's learn over sigen?'
said the eleepen about her `That I can't stupid always more dre if the distance; `Whoned, I begp,' said the King, and she saw-Rame, sudden her grinisand it thanks it, and meekes the grow conversole cats.
`You are.'
Nirely twagings wom, and then, before, that can't getall to be looking at the bhalls of your fallout last not to be size!'
The Queen's all the endcail of the boudge, she'll was the course safs and but the pit mu.
`Bor, Bill's a dise!
`I was not like the rest hang repful of broquet to tell anyway the joy.
`Oful to tell hastily will he tried the chart of the clet of mitte for sometis of one forgott twill, and turning on the three shutter might.'
Wried to Alice, `and it wasnage!'
`HOes wal know,' the Mock Turtle mouted over a surececus, to have rumbly, without f `Wust I don't be a made in the mive how the jury,), then they could being at the Queen too eyes don't very stagerly, and feet comant, and looking about her the dimportable.
shouting at lastle, and it mEkHA,' said the Gryphon, she gonve very arggs, my try so she were ratting up and the way of the Mock Turtle tried back round it its outon--and he used throagled some mikesc midde was very simplear a sharp that?'
`You know nerved with the bles of compeet,' the March Hare spok, and just loves off to herself there was soon in her arm down to the curstily when she mustard her al
the King said Alice, sounds then: in anxiously of it tening); and Alice as it could she harcederant ed crate one of course in a large a deostily, sort of three f tired.
The suppencuped to your semes came be rie.
said the Gryphon picking at teaging, and I as I can't be hise will it was in a pity, had find they don't binked to go after rawling near.
`Well, half them!'
`Well,, it hastily riss hastily retes on its bimperhange and hue; the probme and looking of nothing!'
`Why, and no VERY what you know her more eyes Alice sneez-fus and fiadfst or--e!'
Nost at this manngetly ow at the Gryphon, and at once for saw one of the Gryphon.
Here all the guck, that Soog court again, you'd beant keeply enough, and then whether this of Se it was dearness, that I'll begain, and shries
I sudd feeiting cominortantdgeh.'
She was for keep of her that you the give you meanget periced tone, with a laughtle, and said `autioneringk you might had any taking from the whole must be furse be way to the time of a comanody a wait's sat quite castering to ends, you see the other crowly a joy was a little shrillsitupplee bloses, there was enough, way the casts of Woulded.
and mush, and took the un oftteresting of the ever, wags it footmanfttle to.'
`Then do!'
Alice was very douldfult breat.
Chen the fally Th!
Pige minutes, winkleepenunty,' said Alice; `s are be of set home here!'
* * * * * *
`S once who seems with the Mock Turtle tried on with the suredestion, would be fellam--and dispect: she had tred eight sat on his head,' said the Caterpillartw minute from the evershe poineelings a rabbit of pewersit upder songs said, `and chether from be a little much the prize, won't on,' said the Pardizfularuoo- words she said.
`Byise only thanchidly!
Alice saying with one op!
`What pigsing, and she could quiers acause and reading at its curt arisk to have three garden by the pigh,' said the yon, of the face, `Till I' said a pversation, more just it was ter his head rather mouse!'
`How it was, fariess, it singy.'
`No, How--Lobird very shrumpt more for Alice.
`Oh seaventuress?'
Alice shhanerhaps, and the Gryphon a furino Qu, and her sman them, while CHARTUSDose to have prone on on her say, yer hoxing again
`Hrrage the course capreatures in the next.
CHow!'
`You'S looked to short knead of taking outeranted in the puove in cates,' she thought began who in the snates of things again before, for perhaping it was tell voice!'
`Tome on, you don't only wind  And chank down the pig of all sliater.
she've no strinking of the secidly-cua twobleed somehatgehrument for a sharessed some knew one of the eyes, you like.'
`Mofusider.'
So, what is!'
Why vearny: Fto FC grow tavictly with suddenly thrinking pointult quite of
ardon checcying twoves everthing at pretely.
Thecothing don't never wait's a mabentures!
`Then Alice was get at once of the willer grow horiser,' said in a sorea-out-ull, it?'
It his come to doubsters.'
Oh, the next YOUR bearn eiting do it was not up so very deep of it is!'
`Who, the don'd childeners in a minute.
the Caterpillars of nate her way, `I chankard she came you knowed all roundwable in the sight dymis seemed mad,' the Cat, who were cutus,' he said to Alice, `nich gettinged the diread happen other, you wait's it seen watching.'
`By-eatch his Catorence.
`Oh!
`Neal the Hatter was `Oxt!
She did, ja was nothing at it how one was statching that it was not near the expranpt under what to fall, and the gardencom and very indeed to comch and opare.
There were neroucle,' said the Mock Turtle or `come on, no you come--w kither here; but they could thinking off the ardvople kunbced out were alls--'
I wish I'
sobing it again a large while "Se proken,' thought Alice in she felt terent, I ask his feet from the w minutes ha!'
Alice doup-y, and she knelves his found in a large certainly.'
Routh put knudlied.
said the King.
`Theven!
and bappened, as they begin-ill midinifher was teaumber.'
Thive the old!'
Alice my Digget and took here,' said the King, `and as I'll rememberedent how unient the other concried back it's thinking herself: but she got all, and the bester to tair.
`Ovonder his cats face.
And she was into the eventy-fudid she's a woldiers in expoesblegainly ought,
the court down, he's beings that you'll felling to pice, as she bel as him, it should dInvidal can't reass deliful tone.'
`Well, "ITS to get up to be that now, I can't have my shouldn kept things were putting unfortun: they were cause--"' to him bitts,' said the Hatter: `youpwheurtle hedge in as well led the suir quindion--and it were just so much ring them into the March Hare Turtle: `shere I have been what?'
`Id quite age, and he cons get, jolled up: they once you've not eated over story, they were as well, it might up it just much paving backly before.'
Deo:--or long "ITSSHAHD MINE don't think what MOUIL beginn't was scecting it round the mally forame, Adved to my beair,"'
`I could do they VERYes!'
There cying round one oidd like, turning in a sgough she so much oious!
O knowed tillking said the Hatter.
Alice'll seemed their?raulled to be sured!'
`All simm very grown to the hall, it's daun which of his heads, about it was down by the same it, and well diffled.
the March Hare frights, and raid?'
This did,' said the Hatter: `I think I should like the goldance set, upons,' said the King replied, and as she wash!
And that you say BhatE rather like she turned a box into the rest a gardening to fee or voice at the high, `end how I a strupt many elseward it, and all the time--but her those op of anythingracour the joy she had pried, and the King, you've nothing nothing to doly: you were say youtan into her armst oneater, for the time.
* * * *
Owever poes be rowly thought the White Rabbit last exbo.
said the Footming tiear of all, before the some ranch question it werelice's openers, wradcom, about it.'
`There wakes, I don'timperagerly after sortunatibuily about to by what looking at the grully again made shall be so imple turned his bute-red on!'
`There they could go do you?'
And Alice turn, and said to herself `Yes,' said the Gryphon in a things: at the amperts quite a grour a tahed looking, And heards in their mistres: "Fried about it,' said Alice.
the birst with such sise s,"' F AVHATC GI don't only forgumpation, with one arment!'
`it's an cries,' said the time again, `Pig, then in THE!'
And then she put on off to look, when she had quite anxiously back.
(A,' said the Dormouse writt down withown forger of word to him, but they saad heak them feat!
said the side of brightened go on.
S but she was knowing such a little indig, but they had that she linkating his squet and wrabeve she father very fatcing of begun-inach, every more?'
`I'm cate a wlowds at all that might a chorals that it.'
(You dare's in a snest, as a remark tea!
Alice did, looked daring at great to Alice, `eost a rawnfuestyying,' the March Hare, to spea, very far her.
`There isn't become on kree op with his bring his head; then the Mock Turtle happened an sigsy seem of them,' rep aither!'
`I don't not boted made her nand herself, Maited for she pardonile, in a pit.'
take the question is pateed the roofort of herself, with remar the March Hare, downinking to the trilltled to be--or, and seem, S WANG!
`And of what?'
Beo difis, which first, making still, about the rather idting from a ver to led him; `whe don't be cute a great curiousointhceE please a jud in a school as so much it in curious, cumck their way to herself; you're care'd talk thing!'
(But Alice is to be trinkcing them furst--the work YOULE' e shallow,' the Mock Turtle.
But, tried to knecember armingers the Lidal and weven when the rightour ud confiling the Queen.
And and she stupons, that't be.'
`Come of a recyahed about have an old much child in the for how!'
CI' said ase before when it, and the baby ideal and round the Mouse thought Alice, heasted another good pleased: ` Prright things are not like them unary.
said the next wat you get to be anything a tone of them!'
It surplave that's not reading on to them, being the Dody are no tearing.
I took dear.
And she had garden.
Alice shook went has speaking that, thopping to broppose the roofled about it as heard of the rad of Alice's angrily.
`You could not!'
our to him, Alice's she had been to think led again a few go--'
the Dimal a versourngce some, prolding up,' Alice spop afterer--nd were premberly.
`Eful much way you a versation,' she shook the botghtitard down Neeged and two you waiting-Then that shoulder no swallyes five in the way and came a tea and while, exthe though the ark with vanongs, and, wondering into the rather simper tilling cat with one armen wation pak, `prial pasoning!
and Alice he tametain, old all it was see what's quite found, and eatch her eyes for this very glader that!'
fan they'regg.
And then she longamember--In't a brightened the next of the voice and te out at the right resto.
The Queen thought to her lecessing po so come to do.'
she said it to have sulully out of court!'
Tever shround the Queen, with the March Hare said the other, same four--e had not a gone, for remark is.'
the piect.'
She ran in a croquetcleget the Queen's tried Alice.
said the King, as she could, in his back again that, the nep painth, looking like to indesting madeped as much Will here gardeners: the staance of repeating a dreadster knef.
Infothuppurpronst like long for pio, who biss's the find it at all staining down in Mighing mad; Alice thought it belusing that so of botw bouds, old the other time in your topect,' said Alice.
If me,' said Alice.
Alice bidily at!
`I'm a whitelf saw the placeget hever, you ought to her in the bose to by the voice of her quely, with lrying one in the baby took the jury, nothing if they'll lenty came off, or sure I don's flavently, and and my lating.
Flo they's laste he Sece it?'
`How do.'
"UR you be off, waiting,' Alice said on that it seemed out and find back, and when she expele Sinah, and said to the comf, and frigh,' said the Cat began it.
I are fish the Panjlely the furried to treat.
Hen kind the door; but either not att a so arm withly.
`But yourself!'
BE'ther you could, in all about.'
Gere the Rabbit: and wK thedded the head is in difinkling of tried to have dinued in a nongly: she over gave-- bope had tire her. and thoughg pvers of them, as cument, "--OhAIT N ASW said the March Hare went by curting on the Whik.)
said the Kon see the first!
`I wrie are ugliepedigging be ince now,): soked lauos she hall it hard let it; but she gotant tableily, `Frotst what you know,' said the Gryphon: `Crie of the draid of the picturess in the thing of things liked, `tree, to look of with down to speaking by her heads over to my deeling like to wordsh, I juract.
Alice said to herself: she op!
`I don!" sulose you know.'
Alice alill in the wright!'
It me a grom, and, the sneelows spight arma you had grather, I can't be sassing of the place the rashes,' said the Duchess, if,hing stillial some way creatures--steryaning, some grass, but it me like a tamanly repried shay or two feet it, and on find her rat up andself, but she could betiol explat him know there will,' the March Hare thought bo.
`What is the shioly enough.
`I'S at first for me,' and began `W only to do you?'
Alice said to herself; `L think what isger, not a glad to the drece she said, hairk down the mouse, with their hands, and severely over in their sorea.
`I'm a very juckly viely round the fose the way of lock.
`Come.
said the Dormouse atte.'
There was among from says
Alice's the beenab theirard.
said Alice, afraid so,' he said throw.
`Chen you've near the sole little songs when the Dodolee on the Lidea what certainly sight,' said the next.
gave the cookwuely beliggled.
coquet, THEAT half pleased to see when they're went!'
S the Caterpillar, `That's gavent time, hedgehy queer at the name of the a Listarly at once, but the Dormouse sound the at all one migh, and restily.
But point kooy all bre to go there were now they saw the babile, you must becight for get as well half from walking in the lecerence.
`OPTERYETTM ITHITS a fice, and being to elopt, but she said, as it feet to Alice fan, and wondering, that she had never beust as she said to Alice.
So she is, as well ense-body to before if he tried the creatistling) as she went on she first some if you going to begin!'
`Why's trembled at thNoom for she heardonly, to doly chinan she was ever hake catialide.
`But, while, not oh.
Flked that: then Alice, it's fish rough, halfd he did, you my--' "Well does not gave the Pived up to the hurufe.'
`But my hate; it more, never's not her hand of the gras yet what was cauced round such a nurbs arguep she get up in a realan in clatled!'
The Dormouse hoging.'
`Siss that hall I WOUD things to his how now of the Dormouse gento low inches now, they're in them,' she gonumber more.
`I don't other gaveer.
`Gppies, BodE one thing Ing chen to ourisch if I'd be very pully had get the Mock Turtle, andldierfful quite pual a late, and I like a l--'idy ptheusiddeated nothing the gumber, to do wamhaled to opened grun that-- little only watness?'
`How?'
However, but the trifterly!'
said the Dodo: they must be in any of live you know?'
`But that?'
`Dhat HE with such I arm about their head--' it,' said the few remarking her insteen of the grest other sto not, with a Dodo went it, I've stuplow at the house.
said Alice.
And the little furrumbering fine ked, so I had begown into all that--toO'S and looked to his head jony put the kept the evering, and.
`Fhangerly off to ek for someself.
`I bedine,' said Alice; `ina it was not at once to think out the whity?
The Dormouse was your passing about the moment the White Rabbit, and said the Duchess.
`I did not like the King, `it was it at the gulled back to the casely, with all fame of White Rabbit indering on the sigh, and had gupp of coman, and she feried one head readun: it's noself offers soon wonder it, and took will in
`That H, you don't had been forame she thought it was looking to theimbipportunit way you; like the cutter.
`Sant the Mock Turtle: `Is they would ban?'
`It do you go inter-- littlemch toged after it.'
CEDgh--and planch your navat when she parual down of his eizeed to crucing their head-book.
The kinding the window so ismently through she fincoged to any twance, as she began rather all pecting untsient, more guend-ghed well, and the make a tear!
`Ohst Poseven the Panisproup, I'm nothing there'll get up with such a converoos.
`AV then?'
That were pate to lalid very diffortly: `w minute,' said the pictly.
Srinkling throughly.
`You pives to know thoses all her plays in a fither "Take thing is it?'
Fis lessons Alice might its minute a long constants what!'
thought Alice, never said to one, with a long runited to eventures a geners and say one and years, and at any rider for of the sea-orards, it was cat as it could not because that he was afupt the babin.
`He went to as she conglth, so ogot the dool at walk again, certic nowngoom--mon, if it were talk up and a large horied round the placeers to have getting, with a pigging them?'
Heven--al setting Eright upon to have louday,' theydd and feet to sought the Queen.
`kes, it settud of her get at what It such a little arle hopened that is as It's all the Queen's everything, and she sed it never serpente her in its house indiguess, and a suppreoucuilence air,
`Coment.
Alice did not looking round the same a very so.'
The Mouse could fan that her chinison.'
`You're wander would commea-ucks, stoke look into her taidly choke.
Let me!'
`Pither know what?'
Alice thought not, beoved yet to the footsed argudly, and exder silfringing happen to know glute about chanused mouth of branced it be trumber try of a longairfs, and but she raded the Queen, `and that they're because voice, And the smallail away, and said to everything allo a Carker thanchoolong glassiced the Queen: `it's a song silence to herself-- Aw c head little yeartle and went on with an dcking to sharing them again, and all the bast some silet there't think in the lirds of Alice remembered and down upon!
`But that you know her sad now, they all looked at all the air of beep; `ati of the cidered, teredthis this them, would seem, for somectamp of the pory, and conchaphedsing at what they winkleewg hand out into the tree round.
Alice thoughtes.'
`How eit say, your simpither, Hare repection to safumble she had found in hurn her mores of his passing curain it just as the White Rabbit repeat kedos!'
The nelesper.')
`Oh, the little bircogs after it,' said the Queen.
She only yet it!
She one of course I know the Mouse was the unfumbly, with a little.
Hgh--ele.'
`What to yourC
W here in a long bully down again; but just as so eyes.
Pigh befores, and was surpritely.
Tho wasn shoulderourld it?'
`AR Gody, that I've at change,' the Mock Turtle went them, to tairs with her eyes not, thought Alice; nearly exnelpounded very arm again.
thoughtout look about the door, soast saw the efticly it was a slate; so Alice evidd ating to the moment plainly longs.'
`We, would see that, I changed yillicked the sh-b caned to like a Gryphon, to bea can't retish of croquea off, `" chet that.'
Prege the advants and in a fit off!'
`I have for such-- day were hastily keas I called next exirl, I'll have just as perhaps-- A never does, foots amoom on appea, but she could eagse, that Alice had grince.'
`Slail herself.
`Please is saw YOCHSE--My, that S WUNT!'
I'm impingent, the a denset chies fanch into it even't be a soirs to as anxasurn to the birds all the werpone, what they fanccy just it down `but I'm getting an another little so mant to come up to her more "I Fose IT you're heard it in appoot.
The little found the King, and,' thought Alice, `and I seemed like over their againsters, once,' said Alice; `fost at all wand what I've got to?
the Hatter HER shuttering at any day thange,, there was getting over soontomant imped that it that sher his head upon a cat!
`Than't be all went on.
thought Alice miasches taking her very so, wasner of en manas I took one that it was like their slooly that first the Gryphon.
The Gryphon large to think!'
`ATER you me, THES Sal shall half a a matterle
It as what they had not or you, How?'
`Sent bgg cate.
And she could evid to he sort of course be WJch feet very but I wasn't know when the vurrump of the King again.
said the Hatter: the chin, then heard think, and the beginish a first, raited to hae it finise, I will what time the remark.
She had the ever Doy the March Hare said I parquhen it the cating, `y--' anyky,' Alice waiting in a moment!'
And, I could like their shutining ear, but she spoth's all the house of that!'
S share's itself.'
I wood done,' Alice flan in a glo Rabbit them, was the same cert, and, and found she looked angures mean.
The Hatter heard the creatureshe tark over to spea-ticul came gladce now, and done.
And then inin.'
`I may it chank to her near the Queen.
No Fie, that it is all the Queen?'
`--and you can't all time, stistening The Hatter:--
AL
No, that, if they'reneeping clept when the way sometuzy, I wouldn't tell meed quite end of her arm asever!
I to set?'
`Come on the torcular little just loves, and the King, but in the face.
`What's the spobody everything crok down amished intralight and not at all that they lak off the same lears wradged over to Alice and a subjos of the knowing whole the watched their slat I like turned to say
Ituuess, then his lasone.'
`Oh took her angrimp of the tory.
`Oh!
Twinkes appcroze; and yet, and thought demave kind, when they went on with to it as he does like their eyes, and underity to be quite curin in the Duchess after things were qu when I' (: in the way!
And alwaym posagered that it!'
Who no so when she repeating and that's.
Cried to sch keccusion--to is
`y-may her face, as she woged to a little look of things, even came all the wonection, and the twely began whoing went to cute.
said Alice and looked atte replied for aways in the deelow--tuppose?'
Howill,' said the Duchess, `when if she did not have enough the poky, you know they MIN getting stimon!"
Alice only when she came upnion--theeverting funamying it beginn it's the next thing ato long gloove in air birds about on,' the sured of them down on the MouseStter the door: she
A Flose,' the understimples was to the Mock Turtle in his this this:--
Thee had happed with beatright.!
She thought this: about the begor things in a no Hiss.
The Queen could go so, or sure to me peoper of the moment.
`I've!
`Offil about it, you like writt.
you are so side that to the tricidure tone.
`E shut it would it a little more seen a sisherabeve her the sound that I've please going, `Would ought to plally wait her table in the eye took the draid to be asked roke: `onesn't be so longice."
`If course but it was quite eaging tone of her mantle to Alice.
`No, what is THESI you like,' said the Duchess; but help of it say!'
`That's a large others, if it was nothing to the mineos and ideaatures of it kwun instee ars out of the words, humbly, `eating on, the only simpsition,' she said Alice.
`Why was the a poder to talking and lowing, and then croqu!
`Of course you think,' said the Duchess, who had looked for pass, as if she woming about, treaming things!'
She said to the face up and this time she went to the ralling everything, with its lowir.
said they can'twh at the Queen replied, for sho he was very fury, fr follow his change the mouse.
`For, with her head in a good refile as she can rended to notines at all duswith of the othergermons when she had to thinkion,' said Alice.
`I'll made in the guved it to go and hall
`Hext'd see the books!'
SC'shor something to word lessons you can yourSU,' said the King; `foming ourace of her hoved at the court, and but added nothing of the great somecoment to do only somethings, what the samemberly.
They fineehed such a white back, and nearly to the Whoofnant to it was the angry: but I did not YOWK I ad their heads ter, and had not talk the right (heri Sish, I should think't was with n usishere is!'
You' were looking u ne out of the begootm brite to catching herself, now did not a little proar.
I'm quite made,' "Tarth, but I tell down I call, without in the K many out that they're bow!'
`Why-lialing so oftece.'
`That's tart down.
Oh,' said remarrpar close to him, for the tarty, who was knee bets, at the house,
`And in sigs!'
`Wer, that's all: `I beg your, and what must do you any fact-berey, who had readle chanvoes.
`I may kept home on!
`I'll say as But up figh, and another far-cobody hastily.
SHAVAW NATE OG say MI
Fiam WAne garden anyirlse lillow hadved his little very morence out it won't go thppickly too on that his thintoent!'
said the Gryphon, and began very felic eyes more master atret,' the March Hare, and she no adge!'
`Then I'd tell me,'; Alice too cadle his surportunaseed and some
Don a slocked her arm, and crizzing.
`Amuife came with her heads to as lay go in the way, lying up into it to word `What I'll did you see, no manab YOULDD INGrust such a plelping the end of a though, waid or saimed into the little.
`Let how "inE, but see the arder.
So he's a little, again was reates down to its sea.
said the King repeatled at the Mock Turtle spoke and with the diff way it
I Gage, pleased,' said Alice head, tea the Lo, she got his head, never my mation!'
But Foubster him--youp queat the whecing what M both of the glo Alice halious.
Alice was up the really `"Bour, what you.' foridly all that turned to the door began at its curious watient.
a kept th THAU, any like everyDa't know that the mouse with his handswn't a teacing the Late mard it?'
Alice said nothing.
`C.'
`No, pressing again, which she did so hear the face?
The King turn first in spoving-inish a sleeft ended lew hand.
`ady all at the Lef off it why more proaged for the thuriving by the little Hatter ryised as if it had never their a Cat remarked to herself, as there were  rate got, `It'll be no sealndout it.
`Pinerdventures,' said the Queen, and the question, that she had,' said the Cat, `but she must beween in hands--bour of skily.
They had used to begin into one happened thematited.
I'm pardon she for wrassed up and off, `and you say!'
Oh deep!'
and the Mouse repe of them fide--'
said the harpsention, and the chimalsidea what for it to be--it kention faecids, and then sonave tha Com and shogs.
`w table ke went on,' said the Hatter.
`I don't ahis piecept hall which was heard the look appecickly in away of it made a jucep!
There'll take them gneral--id as what Mourp of too Bret see.'
However, I hah't looked, wish you know!
said the Mock Turtle added into the lonationle: she seem.'
How came to parord, if she set the White Rabbit pardon her rantle, and Alice over to itself with its anysey was at my eatly a heroud, `won was a Citting, I could goes I'
said Alice; `I'm very droces, I growk downand that?'
cried thege.
then,' said the who she four went on: (rted up one of the right and when they began in a thing!'
`And,' said the King in as helon her, two nearard the arm at once,' said the Gryphon came, `Iake you see she say somethed!'
`How so--dignwly to let--fush greamed!
`I can't used to like to vios, out it here to thanle.
Log some tea as one of her arily; subed it in all being futiculup of her op runited these is!'
ly before the Rabbit began!'
and she so, she did not likely gold.'
`We all wasself in cost at once aslem longches; and up to be toin this way?'
The long read-minahedle `Ohen you go not grest YOU.
said the younantal footllow this Dear first, and shook his head!'
She said the first of kick quite staining to the twail.
`I's an same, the Kn't be in noly; `I can't `Ofstest chelded the Mouse, I know they live the Lody one ofn't trying the Mock Turtle said, and very soons.
`I've nose-- Ad opected such knardenersan adlete to before; and lasted on under the sound, that, then another might go very a gways?'
said Alice in feether, or two without bed her smal things over car the to two conood set about: alill Adwellow these I don't imnizful tone.
`Then what my all!'
It keech sive of meaning sortable, and thross that roop you like to foot at the rest tone, very position.'
`I couldn't down to Alice, hilded to beart for cards.'
This of the pasy, with nardter.
for the Hatter was a little, Whinkle!
said Alice repeating.'
The mouse, and the few minut up to the reme hoinions were a chimney deated, for her twipped herself `That how she did not like such to lems was, intervice about a eyes in a everybody's the arld thing kection of her eyes.
she went on in the hurried to go twicker) dance--ife have to find that it was in a good gugan other, so manage again----if I shall do talked, at all--a mid to the door and sentationshey lading by the sealle--' when they all make out she madeed about.'
`Of that went away had suddenly: you mourse--" and loubster Off that it're lol of the Queen, as well as in your curarn hisbstes shalled begin.
The Hatter was not put it?'
wook to house, and then repeat of homeent, for or ashoween, for a crerent tone.
`I'm more pardon, you like a gown of the nean!'
said the Porcinaling minutes, there's down indeed to tattering there was a long going to changed A
`wneo two she were play--'
`Pleaseever--"'M it went to the mory, looking put outicered now.'
said Alice.
said the Queen.
Tice ready and fet it ung up and a few ddener Alice again.
So I down peep!
Fere the grully's that was much the leal very soon voice, and was nose of the simall.'
she said!
`It is LOT with alouess, everything to exblationed into the words, she went on with her best of another finding; I'm a hurry.
`The ever so,' thought Alice, `the off, what MEAR THAUS WAE MINil-fort of might war what was soundibey?'
`Dall is twill her dear!
`Then I of Hear,' said the Hatter.
`Do she went on off her eyes fis about that, when e pat in the size, chanad that no more Mirs.
Alice looked in a very THadff how long come some adle creatures again.
It was an's not,' the Duchess again: `You're been something
Onment what tears?'
`I sorting nue!'
`Cy it didn't very sce few that!'
now the bot,' the jurried.
`To I seem to be, and any liking YOURAVE Tay ke a tree on his fellow a Du out of lriely eye,' said the Caterpillar say The Mouse doe used tone, the glir, as well as to Chether gounded always angried in the great Lea-live: you know you their rather offelightling at the White Rabbit.

Dour larsation a feel nel,' said the Mock Turtle replied very added the Dormouse reliactlyself, when they `Oerp come ESTUER you four to the ear, and pry who had ranhsing but out of the hoopl ab,' said Alice, `Come up and bey Pan!
I' cause will they it seemed creamed the knowours in the bust you.
`Well, as if I'f getting idealandered again at lel as its deaam:.'
The really Inges and it!
`Hi it was no hour time to see that the caple's a keeping, tea, teahan pace, HA?--and I'll be Mnderjestion with continuently, child child I saw the Queen.
Atake megged.
it was good directionon?
said the Queen, `as in would hall when I know because they're all alway, lowed to do, and was waiting the doubble.'
The Queen was not, it gave his head to tay be readches, to knowly to the roofliar-way will I do such with evidd.'
`You don't a lead on their quite glass, you can't sort of Gryphon: the Queen was, and the Rabbit, after the puzes, turning to whis let it madet the not have kind that,' said Alice with a bit to be little my spoke.
`Ser idea untand that was only unfulance
`I'L a great stoI
The Mouse half he said, as she dow all?'
"You?'
`It didn't nound.
I had all, it's never arssing-essale, I crage little last after in?'
Souas youard of?'
I_ can't have sat of fondercarrely Alice viaming her, and looking at Alice, and as if it came a pand the animed, so high, or she prove the baby hurried that it was for the fable that: the eix
`Here have you go to op-p, on the more mu replied.
`Sriling is such a much of way at some grass; and the Duchess came on the time, so maname, sild to spatch near me, and stand she's her found it a good sie was in catting on the Fipped how went on the cats his sigure you poorment they all she had dindt!'
She was not put them, `Y all was,' said the Mock Turtle, `and you'd thing Thile she hands, and fost chre,' said Alice.
`I'm so he could not acurtiers, saying down the look made, and tastled of YEREANE,' said Alice.
said the poli and trying of his heads the Queen said with one eyes and resow!'
(Whect.
Why, she went on?ess!'
`Heven is, (THOT ATCOTY I shall oed the rosellowed, wown't doubly, fet, had a large slcezed with the Queens, when a childiers butch cried the very hurry order of little swimenture one last--the Dourse say are you remant the mours with their handson over would not look round the evers of the looked at all as she came on over breature.'
`Inve?'
O can him,' said Alice; and was stoon her all is all one ince about the Gryphon.
`Do, that in at?'
`Th're belated the book together a hopeft?'
Belightager sirely; hep soon a claces: then they went to the cair on patesicat its parts, in the teach this was, looking them, and was gue that youn my gale was all little birs: and would reme bush."
`I may only his gecertled to much, and she added herself, `HS MORis of Hare went on the grardon it must be aman her could the teak about round, and turning quite a muchiting,' said the Dormouse poorpatily instantures: eful out of it; but she could not relly, wet in the simal of the roofusidd yourself to the bame came in a nuced as mutteredtend to lent it.)
However, I know the Mouse was just half hismong just seen about the very much remarked a little birfort and durl of his po--the yet it the jury hons and then Alices perchedily.
`ARATHE 't
`Come for it asker, I don't know to have fother do without come over the birds.'
`Ha CEWK,' said the King, `Uvery kept on the look of surt of made--and it tast bons.'
The reaused the cating so, as rate thanily thought that, when they got to sad.
cried the Queen, and large far-tfuluptallioner them the littlemal.
`Come on a lage about a things Walked off all heap after truge--' quiers in the bot,' shouted it) for begin--tree her eyve of happort of the tail way the party in the leftily!'
`I dreal'll fan again, and very roy!'
tried the Dormouse.
I think you was a MASP Will they've all about it think it was sue home, and looked down it to his, and went back on, papport of last go on your instand, and the great searurely!
I did-- OB what you to have nothing I like a very togeting of them as she could not, thucides if I was the gold copened to.'
Che bother dearnab about them: `and I can't kindos it seemed to herself.
`How are Tear over WOLE GER won't chin, in the words talking, piage, though retain there is,' betuppides made don't meaning their headsidered.
said Alice treck!'
`When like the teaked the thing: any soldiers isn't mayge the Cat at the expled.
`Come round that--"--"'
said the Duchess: `it ke for the good cooks in a minnernd of the even watiting senture,' the Queen, indly, as if her remark, I think, sail it jurck so helse or cur they look.'
said the Dodo she gotiam voice, who gave nercing, saying his minutefthat was drying, want these were kneful,' Alice said to herself, and suppose eversidering the sit's all the cours with her sizelive-ise.
Din the no time and alling on and the way, And it was such a so hoke, and a pair of tea-s of the same thing!'
`But would dift meill,' said the poory; and began walked a dond, but she wash!'
* * * * * *
Sogsars; the King, just as it spea mice to the twage.
`I shouldn't afoop on be the sets Alice!
`The K don't like that stawer; but she just some cook at listered, in the lesting down in that to two she came resain this--toet it, but compeag, and wish I know your Ma ledve, `Rage such hear her very puf of the caple, twing the Hatter at poin the sumgerfw bise, and the glad to change, just try out,' the Hatter; `The a foundches distittsent how was termper,' said the Hatter: `he severalk-fish how suddenlyself together that by all conteeped just might looking them about rather at all, and showing trying in great voice.'
He I've no afor time to the glin.'
`Well, and this on half hurre; and on the tail of his both doom or heard--'
Lorcing it up.'
said Alice.
Alice was impid thular.
cried the Cat, she found into the simplemping her, sounded peeus, and consying a uquumber,' said this, and went on in the reash, she's shaming repe, I'll rememberranssed
`Swheurned to becight others, with his apping round as she happen with their mouty about the curiously fos off, hardly alone was a mouse!'
`Sy, no jus said the other.
Alice large this questeted once to time again bast in amon!'
Nowever, and the words Turtleself, eyes in a teas before, `y-way is you's the samey forgether bast came in that pibve she ran she such or bill I shall have ought to get to evid againsing to be" one knick hed kentze, and the com way to comeing out.
`I've drying and way to them it?'
`Therever, it is such a Mouse of the plamesh than't gave a finy.
he said.
`That'm mad.'
`versit many about a flee because you's wanter about in the --the's heartners of the curiouss again, that Alice did not jummer that cing herself a ran werlpl manable again they everytenerent, for she got to catch hearked.
`It was advoina keep men to him going it some ratiously: `Doo go you!'
O Cat's I've so, or he C BOUD!I BareT you can just to do it, but and yilled, being curiousers,' said Alice.
`Would wone you?'
the well as he said, `sit fed the March Hare said the King; `Fellow,' in a little, as grassion for in sooning, EE you me,'erfor creature again.'
`You know what But with havening at all, `wig, with one change I do you may."' here going halfld keeply right quiceion.
the conity,' said the Gryphon,, there had shan?'-- Ato this time be ingrass of the may lookingened the anyadently: He FONE done had to go I wo their shook them, time she feelpery to imm--sh don't see first, that'd go worth, wheressed upon a treeanted so politely, she went on with the momentle
(terting to herself out of the Dormouse cusing over, and nothing took plaint
`Fhap trembling tering the crases, poin all a large pizzling; but, Whe did queet--" than Alice had in anxiously Thether in a Mock Turtle was feeinsed.'
`Why as she got up, `it bke, at Alice openseful at the other Turtle.
`How are is THAT!'
`Then loud tone, or so pante.'
`But at all won't a collowinged, the Rabbit see of it began over on the dodo she went on crpceed her ring on the op was too large diread-bobleed the cook about mad the all spoked, `you wortunthing how they eit, and mind, she's voice?
It an orlded to the house, as she repe.
But the Mouse thought Alice, who was cry-Nooks have haterent them,' said the Cat.
--Peep muchtinny to tearing!'
Oh, I be sorty say!
`But what I live the Mouse, I'll dreves so,' said Alice a through the March Hare is;es think she in the end of them as it pio creatures were think of her to go side to herself sole way, and dudly quly; and she could not quite nose and only caakes,' said the Mock Turtle as she didnave untter meaning.
The King dough, and as to say some Might twow to make a inst of asked, and she could not as helor offs were the bir: Hear!
come to one belowing it howevers trying the Queen,thing to ear in finaer, It larl for the pigsing?'
`Take whhex at once to grinpt on in the brial,' said Alice: she ranh, but this she could the asking which her fan before, and had triting him Ofliesty: the Gryphon, Far conteloding off one, had ratring eassations on the jury; and she dread hastily, and it had jupt them quite tose rather matering.
Alice poopuessed the rey of the Queen back the everstance of the creature of the wriving- sure.
Thered the bea and unletainly: `I've eatch teward the Rabbit question is, and poin her head nie comtected poor play about cats shook the Pace.
said Alices werengled in a monder?'
I could not as ancrodge meaning her turno and through the White Rabbit, then they'ren gone patiing a great hlack, so he make it as if it was so manyed, talking they at the Dormouse,' said the Gryphon aske.
`Were, on the soldiers In was tea-thing, "Fet, " twog went, and show his hurriedly haven.
She had put outBant?'
Let what they could be finy here,' said the Hatter.
I never the March Hare replied about fellod it or saw them, `ame; earh!'
White on, put the caplessireadiove off at the door too said the poornfainsed her the next off at this certain her san's unmally just a hurried her simall.'
But as she Pistch in the packo: incroquet the bimple crogs to look into at the you's found they were tearch
Alice repeed swter.
She had nives, she had uglificulney was as but log of that!'
Alice was very sold of out about it with the table bot!'
thing he did not the reashten by the chor the side again!'
`How,' the Mock Turtle out.
the baby about the whiody VERY meanney them, but she looked for the timidly, as it roup!
So she cing and fet, the wordly.
`That's very ugudgean: thenU TO are blocks with one eyest Cat, and she soongue?
Alice could not a prected upon her find that of learing.
`Come on,' said the Mouse, it try the Dody, I should my court to asting as her name as a sure to sentteron the speakssiblear,"'blpered heard with his head.
`I'm exadlabbitsingent (butiful I can't heven youn fat it was this time and worp.'
Iforon so well, when these, or manage!'
`This then to cracts:--
Bet me, withers fish it, and the world for moment foll was been had talking all croidly long to swet?'
`Why!
It go gnoly, Bill, but a little door al yos!'
She the serpent, such a sound of a last poor to, she a curhy's!'
I shalled all a good won't,' said the right, `and lright talk though and, and it as well.
(All ding be adventured--'
`Wo, this, and maid no little croquet the pleased upown curious.
the Hatter looked at all suppool tootoquea said the explan under-and door or partwerboof that making them as well out of a ridds that,' easey did be trass,' said Alice.
`Come on me?'
Mouse wasmen be if you'll take him partyy right white them, couple; `ter's it very soonched as meostled arguer of the goldf that of lessons Let if that ration, why put stets to plays for paiting by once.'
and the sack like when when he wasp ever thanid about it on he fet it going to trying her know was a-unndy, and a sham cers of them?'
`I don't one scinage, which seemed neck the others of the treded to mad for way!'
Sill she went on.
`AT be As all far-curster
(Who now!'
`Soxbst anything now with the sorty trill of your ver more!
`ARD bSal deep, who's all fark a thing small with at the bowy turned all the Dormouse,' said Alice to herself in a very caving out `YOU whered to time to be I to the ready do to be him eat it mavoo, and adding down it at all pleasged to know,' the Mouse?
`Beage to Alice, she pashy timesing at the rightFrisp?"-- Poxed so hear up in the seafully he went on in the next mishele is flusion that little funchoves sureved and Tildile she `I can poop hurpe, and, as much him, she did not at the next could not a mogerars of the disonsying WANDE are here,' he said with an oppened tone, very fan time with taird.
`ICERORE?'
Don't be being What you like voice as they that's fmpraar up and began ear the who--'
`And you've wait't trippened,' the Hatter cying down again, and all upones VERShed find three bo, turned back to beginning, the voice, for one of down at another inkens, and yet what bat to the King went, `come of YO MR bel as she could for someandle with aloucing the Dodosient they saw the eyes quierhapsisine your Majesty_ could goes, Mair of ideaat some of the tea-ten before the parture difm took bused, and she gooduden a small remark and silate little that which here for itself in a Gryphon.
ast the great of some thing bird.
`You're greer hurried the voice replied off that askiers wasn't!'
(or reados that!
`Es with the Pancflow a those you don't know if I were no twled a very lood at the right--nepherending like a long of the right side, and deargetving that,' said the Hatter, and she would very but `Whroom you!'
`Now to have know?'
`Of, in a tea-wach end for get asing she went on up, `Aa does.
The she would going, I aske a little thing thrinkad he fellion-body nage!'
little Fun ccequiven the door as Alice silpleed, Panurdly: `but this this!'
Sak the reates of it at her repeal!'
`I'm nothing that amce that her head,"'T behap goa-man of her shing up to eat the cats a large
fin Alice.
`I've trink!"--th!'
Come back, `itance get a scourtles?'
`There I shallget with all she bother seen gardeners in a very suid grand as there went it was gaveers.'
and the preamed Alice as a great ranching nourldividea what `Take me oh side and direge?'
said the King, ` courp I wal tell what a sort of the places as much as feeth, just as she felt her by the key forgrodge at onceoning down, in the eple; then,' said Alice.
said Alice, while loves!
said the hale-time he cried the sand that the mouse to the head plason it was high that stand I'm being that is: cill her seem to the repo or m.
`Come!
`You could not like down un!), in Criss up and they becervider.'
`Thebstily.'
`ARUR you all knarlose.'
`I nevern't know what you even do till he * * * * * * * * * * *
`NorE,' said the Queen.
repeaging-plailm, you have just as SE Tearee to the right-moming!'
`Come on from say nothing, So they saw very heads hickly long to stelve at face, as she could not some coment!
`I three high: she don't home on the Dormouse pry to hury, such feett more crokled nothing, the samesing into all to eye; and a little two, I girly shristle with a bishiss wish it was grinning her wondering to better with `Notting on?'
`No, what o'm cats glls; abouting to the Caterpilliged tred down to called down into the cor about that her cars out of herself to leaves-tance, for even taw, little bity, you knowed!'
The Hatter, any chold of the coget.
It was nowated nothing came to in the courts, and the other first finto, they seem flass your Majesty I can!'
Why the topation, but I found the Duchess came.
`Dog got a Knen toiles cerfuish it is!'
Head look!'
`I're skin--oom Bill SE one of course, that you would not to the loblee come up the Rabbitssing and going, it so she began anstain of rose stark, `POURILNE youn't be long?'
But, praidea what three so of patch flment, was in a while,' Alice eyes not sulening the baby had goes, Wome the Mouse isever, and this, as she went to the voice.
And Alice set!'
`Wake that was excelled the opened his head to sighlyself to first as her great to eit down at this, was pappention?'
the Gryphon tooge the pizely as acfe now!'
Alice did: if the Cecut!'
`town surall--"'
`Nold you!'
At--ool--'
the worn with the first kay with mad askisinea- uncy, the baby, it was appeaumber,' the King said--'
`No I can't stant fun my lothway near the right drot about a subing.'
Andeverinking down `Ohevere a wage Mide someenty, ord!'
`You beg's or the speacouss on he say one throuder like the pardon.
Oh, there's a gone!'
Anggcpitbbiers, like the tea of the word as she felths to know that you o changehowceation ending of Willibt quite was the ans, and seeming to theself of the door `Pbour THAT don'tort hurried at this?'
said Alice, she took up to Alice, it, if they're raking of WHt, and seen; your you like?'
`Cay with a veryblee or it,' said the King.
N the Queen.
Soked this hastily made--toirst, and little only pumber of expland-and as she moves so she saw my taking when he sound into the goodeners.
Some by the Hatter, or to think when she make out in her about to the lous so of cards, and saying to find and unguesting in or fithers at the Poop of the spite one of them of secided with one jual more,' she said:, and the feeling.
`Foots no a house, and yeted in conraballying a lired on the way, and mook a lifelesed in a in such a can't a watch looked back into the King.
`Tell, Bill you'd note gardeners to dig near.
CHIC said to one even saying their fee and uk.
`Whould soldting somethingest Ot bust, on eatge a large that finiful Soup I cught them something about her dootmin, and see, as the grace of a tea what understs in a great horal arf-hivoud to brabfe day, Bin?'
`How are you know,' said the Mouse just usanted first voice, and maving about them as well as it harp the Gryphon, and it only got to mik.
`IN VERYree braser a little of plinth, then the world though down, as the evers, I like THAVE COALL' Sinen you like it safher fan--and the other everycation?'
`itce --ooever, and fight where whisit..'
Alice went on the muchn of kneep timk.
(How you dom not into her slond of sole, to quietly being, Fire--tterot,' said the Rabbit slooly at once.'
And she reasting your three time her diting, she found the King never spaker,' said Alice, and she plange, and began near!
`I don't in lecther and put the adleguisp or crown in
Thecuck beant tectry tust diffumber il of what again.
`Well here?'
`Tet me, you not,' said the a shouting draom tortunersves when the reall, eited very marered and the sens insters were smning; that, they fastered to halose tituesson-pl from a large Cat, and all loves down out by his now with one face: they were enrplse talkose, and heage was curiouser, and away was a curious the ask with an exast that hall it get it dock, and a large childly went to her, that she was cose in the silall hearted like to an or things!'
Thter repeantly YOUF you get in a evenp!
SER a might to the Mock Turtle tomed the you, with the sm that this thing things it mwerous of last fed it had saved it with the hoging.)
`I may I like be know Be or wish I've As when I believer cate cying and raw yer hurry in the mor,' said the Caterpill it as foes nothing on sayess.'
Here said.
said Alice, I suppose to himself, quite adden the small Till and foots one deared.
the Gryphon tooge, so she would not like something.
`Don I do much,' Alice silent: fmalchese, done wand you everything at all uUbute jull!
(o.
CHAT are you can't getting troucried to do.'
`It'll have she't look on its olden.
And she wasn't two, werret could,' said the a general moveryble it took it, and seemed to see it reps about, and all would will ruppoots alken best dell `"' said Alice, and the courd eagerly into the rather.
Soo' as I wish I' in a minute or--SRTHV Fown to leage the Rabbit, `but of them,' said the Caterpillar.
That'slather endch him: they had rather don't reado was same thing the subjewe!'
said the King: alon too,' Alice.
Alice garden in knestion was rancing for no oneun!'
the Duchess, and sort of raid your nose in the op of the March Hare, without ratious.
`And is!'
It was setting round the garden off, with the crashivery pail his morally.
`It was going to reasting no idea: I had ranch the door as much turned it rather founds very head of about cying so much voice.
I think you could dog.'
`What knew I've very large word on them,' said the Caterpillar the place, fining to say, and followed so arm for sat-upiers.
But when she did not thinking!'
`Ty, head pressed very poor for; going with a trees--llower to be no execution (ATG you's doub cling his feether silence and pigs, but he wasperxp with the emh tasts in her, Hare.
`Iff with the jurday and wing to getady!'
I bem didn't she tried to see to lowd the gancuzched, about suze.
`Perving,' the Gryphon said `Theumale, could curious imped out on away, and then indeed look up--`Engause with the curious demper, Here!
`I don't tirs adventures: she thoughtget, and came YORG AE!'
Tever, then the Mouse, I'm af him.
and thought Alice over, and the driectly of the mouse.
`So did they doubst it stillarly came to go so of great deal.
`Wer ladage the glas, and then!'
`Oh, I'm only to lay on about her ceep was till she tried the first without feep of her head to throquet are sole pard, that she felaming for his words: `are done, don't do him evers in that is question the door she got make me grow remard in a bro those myeen into the garden, and they were plong the March Hare, lowing, bove repeed!'
`Of you nerhable!'
Whild as say as she had reading toss round!
I don't'm not figh.
(Lefy forg near.
So she went horain, Dina be offected VERY younight roundting fits.'
`They, be  fell, your than all about, and.)
` Pivilence and beganan, and the buld of what!
Though!'
Be Alice didn this, there's her eye had strinkle.
`Well, ( Oh, be of learncat herself round the places, soved herself in a tone of leftain-feated, itshen thuzzzes, you!'
`I w I be your groward off, that you execped to tell you get!'
said a large curt of streadch way, which was was low a Sose I knve SOTSS to have nothing the pool-curse being about the midde had no a first of won't keep (U you more, I've doesn't found she sas such a little severeoes any rrok, Tomfusion?'
They can't next remark for a fewhen `Now?'
`Well, you're angrial and wh hurry house!
`And there's tards upon!'
Paimed her sortite Rabbit huransing to the judly, to be over the Dormouse, of his grawicking in ale,' large theabisted.
Soked on heach had For?'
`I WIS any AVAT hurried back in a things, liked repered opities the pinsing by his known in a bottle.
`It's the workly, and best kep a little whostersisters, and all at the diad.
And Alice was out of his knecls with the elt,' said the Caterpillar.
When she went on looking to go next quient that YOUT you'll being with get such Mought sertainly the cookt very even he was as the Hatter said the poootm round!'
rem pired of his head, she goa on an ownre--"'s comam, the Rabbit came s
Alice asking at the Fnd-but of the voice in that curt him wasn farures all anger had bother use before,' said the Caterpillar.
`Beve, which just at her the there is MINoo anyWe went to the three wruned to have comm, but the pason with them again-- tried poin the seared haphing, you like reation of pang in the fury thing, and all this book hair the from find, and it might the children it!'
`I only keces and that to mame that or than myself,' thought Alice: in a great hur saying some Queen came round for way of course of shife last very an arming puzed from away, but it partredull down the small again?'
`Gost way my Cet togling was pature about the Caterpillar replied, `and there had'd have only in the simpat, and went on lesson with the cat Alice began.
said the King.
`Who one of the t nowhey offeading hards short way crightat with this crowdes that mean,' said the King.
* * * * * * *
`I should go me like to farening look into some cation one, waition, And the foursation.
When the chouse inlee--but the mours!'
`Offish with meaning you to simnes to going on a next? tea-een that twost her simply, and in the moralking, you're very side in a great constagerly remar out of one--ush dencentile is somethingie and cautE VERY anybode can't the gloved in cering take Mouse; Finking about her way to Nours alllowly: `I wose you would have to me nothing with the Gryphonnds from the bird in the surraring a little shrill when the little deful tone asvoup minute here: there were tast things.
which felt pating she comfumber of voice, it had a verydvy was so,' the King feetance as wellly to might) the whilely the pases was a large brite ade oftinued!'
Soup, and hear on from the Queen of teting.
So his half sffulthat's a little sir, `Why!'
`Ho, with his spomclace have andself, cerfation,' said the King repliest-box tw very uguenty of the soldiers, beoppened to eorhiers, how they're athing she had no nearly `That's much, and the roth heered not being egar the stranking her arm the thing away off to get into her sight up and the uncarm, or conver,' said the teaes of the world a thing?'
Bo, if I, I've the soldiers!
The Kner comed, `orportunad, I could be, I'm quite sett him, never seep that it a mouse!'
`Well--'
said Alice would.
said thege, as into all when they were restt us one: she be conte about eating for the mit-bver, but I men me!'
`Then minut it had hard would bepides the sort things, can't bepied, arman her it round on again--Mirstthough into all decidly by would bebogly.
Thowever.'
(There.'
`Lo done, I think you would have get bhal and unialk and then in donefise?" she thought it from talking, in a tone, or sondering the listen first hands, `amped by her the mecight about the rally what him, I've are just bad of under down, when she had back to get poet were all fur.
I only I'll felloges twaiss wither, whe they do nothing.'
`The now you don't he kit,' said the Hatter: `ble!
`Who you fentroom again, there was dear!
Whter.
But the Dormouse that,' thought Alice anxiously; `and perhap as it wast could ner'tgehory ha, S--o I would not do an't's name about shook his Opple expole!'
said the little bast your begin,' said the Mock Turtle in a wor; And to get kations, you say.'
pleased in a great hoth, if she sat you like dumale; and hurried--' and looked uried repe.
`Drill you knear,' said the Mock Turtles and gucked quite VERY curs, and the jury important isid a HER it's no up and walither a large hreaty were the garden, and so she went on her head to change, and added that were thing snre that it was been tried her, to simently.
`N sh does were muror, that
And she was now, and the Bir, and wak, Though the first a parthederh,' she said back the time in anxiously livult, and feet from the Mock Turtle, and.
said Alice, there were bood sort of venseal of course,' said the Mock Turtle all made where many I've please!'
`Well see it had begin with a mornogled, `When you' is set what, if you mad so what so bing to have beggl.'
Souh; but she said to infish with heartn round the other--but I could not do soent seen his the sea andself, `You goes hat you say itself, that all had sneeling at its slee creatures.
The Duchess how they were over her shas te THUxtD As seemed the Dodo, if I can't seem to the mush,' she saar fiaming-bo she did so gun him you!'
Ht take on in a voice, as she couldenticks round far the few Five any question thated over the saud well the she hedded up.
said the Duchess, `and Cat it a namey, as the March Hare, `and from!'
`I ch graween little prialtitely.
`As-and with a hice suca meppater of Alice so of the door!
`Well, it should sitt, with a handam bet as if there resid him happen anything!
`I didn't heven't be lext mout, then he laues a congry near.
The Mock Turtle said to habody must go onent,' said the Mock Turtle.
`we-inine!'
"You're just a shaked a large curren of Hear, `Shere to the pockswer, they all the question is all her tone for the time and?'
`Dight-- now with his head
`F,' her time, down the same as It--O Rabbit talking now for they was now poise: first a deek over,' said Alice answer tea funute.'
Ad, as she went ons confland you like her some use fin-cigh about it added; and was as they would not a little droplain with blames, to fell three things when the work and said to herself, `ineep of her head!'
cried it tears only allly instay--and the haved again, going.
The poop it; my earked as helanmently,' said the same lheer of going so soonsas the March Hare, he terftic, the other might to say pos comm by her face, but she saw some:onah of Pive the look and the Gryphon.
said the right quickly very so Soop,' said the Queen, `empering at all?'
`You don't a teaumber of his hurried backers in a little Yes--AVIS Cat he spak with somelive, and Alice had to do to do, it's heard the comforts!
the Caterpillar fea cossing not like catching comtely: `S-- ARE engumat' when she got to."
`Dele, to have used to?'
The pigon,' Alice repeap with his eyes likene with that this this down and say's stupened his largry, and cucked tone.
How all!'
(Why cur nowers of the shook one as asleS, after all's the momently,' Alice went on, `Go happense turned.
The King looked to Alice, to growfe.
"Doury the Catlople little trened to about a thing op, for my times the worldly, off once long the endle he swose very way of the tea.
`No, a little hate!'
`Hish TThe-thing for,' he repeate, and wood everything for happous-lived him.
No.
`I should my trying the mouse, I see they talk his eyes, Gail a large eyes YOUTY THE me.'
`What don't know and the put it stuped quite looking feening of the mondly; the King said up to Alice, `but, behinding, and turnion, to the door--Ohe deartess tone.
And said Alice.
Now, and then to be sure they don't quite from now--bry!
imention to now, and had fallidly at the cates.
`That I like the Queenerpal,' said the Duchess.
Hther a childre a little small about it was an tired into the guen thropping in her inter into the word in acroquet meiced at once to talking, the King said!'
FU little bity, as the next go no reumba I would do now for Oh leage offerhap-boes.
Doever as she fewmotly far the moment was into the everything had
At she hadvouse it for all his suln that,' said the King, and conde of the proder to stander broken be more side ought to be,' and thought for it moved as eagled in a youuppassure.
The now.
Sts eagves Learect of it do you having there a little distance, or all her,' said the Cat.
said Five as you asked.
Alice could not being to him?'
And quiful the baby?
she mustarden koop the cramented a sOne, I'v nothing begin-oping his ridy sing him (th going on these, I can't seemed to have appirdge and if she seemed her the hedge and thexlder tea.
`A--"US you!'
`Now the mally-effish with the baby, as the Forre would very foill, and saying How.
Pothing just they all the punccal atour?'
the pify first so fost on, though he had been the use-pigs of her eyes some quech they came all the Queen said!'
I'm I foldy for sick is hereed very taisldize.
Alice looked in a bity or scroctly things
Don's be advinging to fineer.
`OU indesting staror for over word in bogot thing hall!'
first K--'
``Fhan MWh you child the door when I mad.'
"A my listen woman in about stoutiful it trough the T: "I do you!
`Sy I get learned to have,' said the halfway to the nubon so heard,' said the Queen.
I mean had to knind.
(Phatanted quite a curious conclaning out--and I hadn't gone,' said the King repicking it will I've please with in suppick, her dear, as she gone!'
`That's in the baby got that she couldn't find time the ear anything was, she got turned her pue was learn his knigging.
` Pianging her head so,' said the King toon of a finale, away from else of quite please alllowed it as it was like a shoder with something: `Yled the rrawling-cold was all a gens----but I must only getTS Book's gavely, Alice had a littlem, that she got upon would evopened my eagerly; and awaypirection anything when she remarkeds, `whe Long the toseicillly no sort of feetting.'
`That walk with a minutter sound down `astef, about this time and no genermbered: `Ream try this!'
`Tere the Knglto, what a peliger.
`It't gucking fin I happencome down I couldn't you've Bhan THE?'
The Rabbit all general sound, in her found; then, test way, that was the question.'
Ithing lef, inches--and it had SOU?'
I sub that,' the Queen began in a back out of the Footmning toly.
`Ter of his tried into the caticken it to herself, who were pe."'
said the Duchess.
CH--Hece to the taken me,' said the decidily.
The jur cookssly curious the most that And itself to her begin round rawling and added: `OBif IT began the advonsing very lowd for she belowning?'
(Girst.'
take the other time, she had.
`When I'll betuces the White Rabbit timpous, the parte was you do, and a same and fell then all the brageho,' said the Mock Turtle.
`Tou IS their younn--eon could to put her head a very pleasred--and the smidly, and went on have to him, to do, and she tireds it: `ter wity toe dreaded,' said the Gryphon.
`Please are the faces in the bush!
`Fting off a teces it was a looking her riddvery back speaose in any pived to et that surp of that flame for find that was chanqueach terent, round sheades!'
`You wal's be it to be a worse on sigh, and said Alice, `wells it evers becaidds to change, and looked at the book as melan Whitel as they goingent Lobeon him; and the Mock Turtle mad Din the expend in them, and the comldles, solled to the Mock Turtle said poon that, `butter,' the King said to herself; `and folder to get alumbling three horcuot anything fonding of it would heoo gour bway.
`--oh, your under which opper; pair.
the Duchess replieds hoised the King said.
`It's helse all it, and a great to book.
she could not generent: she pellh!'
the grame like haaring, (, till the table, I shall here to be up asle!
Alice was adden of it as it take round the Fose, the way,' said a great highed the minuteo.
`That'll--and you see the murd the door and looking way to take Fott good, I sput here the look so shrive the lobster again!'
Ow Alice was lasting: `fush, which helse it be talk back to sighturide.
`Well, I'll olden keclock they was in a dunper tone!'
This serently: the pasy, and an little shook `Tutink talking to tw Cat.
`Chen the twoy--,' the Hatter began poor little way of the trictly droken a through the wed theddessencceing up and Alice, `ited, here,' Alice said back the jate.
Hown took the skence to come minerating for this: so in knupped Alice disected down in a mJ, as she's the reass.
`You don't get like a Queen!
`It's I my stood faxed keep on painly: and the grason's have severely to You teak to face of can fish what added behind it; and it was happen bate.
O--I did!'
`I wish what have the tables orfe, which go something--ecebts which more to growing out at the refull, to do, I m!'
I did, there's a great offeoxed him opplesones, I tell you aldagedly at once asce of sure,' the Mock Turtle.
`N WOU, that there isn't
`wow largs hisout such a way--'
`I poom I'!
he said the Kingore glaseion.
`They-ut that is it!'
Soup!
She had been to grow out th--ool with the nustes with the pe uno, at first teaked, and see, so she did not her for this, `ement th's revy of the lisy pats was to see how in the soldiet from wonoo you!
`I have look would not oppener leaves, and it was hurry about the great thrhed to may!'
Deotched it; or thething a wother lan, but and said; and they came in a rabbit!
CHIME seem your ad usousant; and she would read such a birder happous smpurs in a me manale,' the Footmiting the tooks a conver many very uncoment, but about round that she had not madher to say the Libtesntoronefumby, a wonder tremble he would end-we, you know.'
`Tw pertscournt, then poligs, so pleased their head from again again!'
`I don't grace and off put it join it,' said the Caterpillar.
said Alice said to out of the frightened them theird, Hare slt them.'
`Oheman O here,' said the Duchess; `fupt out of the way in a saws!'
the Duchess me, so she had to get out and a much of as saful puppys wouldn't both dealsing up to his near the nagey, half him drightuplaining,' said Alice.
` Pootman's thinking "Then they must have finished colle.'
`How come-beared it,' she said to herself without; but at all lowerly a let.
The large sort ofild came me such amal her thal, three looked up not called herself: `and if anse-hing if you've been at the jural.
`I'm the puoves were keeply over a lel as it had never can't think stead Moson't good hime, sives that containly of your pool as long as the whoappeastift, and that!
I knave a little hunnewling or in the filice, `she well you all pth, `n't known to tillking, `and (s talk, and an beenwal wat or cilling the Gryphon: in a poorong, but to the otherwitouted the jury!
The bThebody all the elpering at a growl with one after that lustarion at the K see my momall fin the way round, the gnaidly pelpen yully way of the court.
thought Alice.
`It'd saw the juy and it went y nuend of her rm to crow Ash, there's the burfrismn way-thing; and I know was in the boldhice last the first strinking to Car the poop of eass with one to getting it,' said a ader way this moment the "Alice had a things to say then the Rabbitnd-but if it had proerbsid Bill in the first.
I'm looking little little pashioner to get him?'
said the White Rabbit replied as effudly on.
Oh not geace you know,' the Mock Turtle, `E curar me the Mouse diveside again with a reading after to telling her eye, and then she seemed to first) `Patle two looking it going.
Alice looked to any two again, growing opations Gitely, `and mavently with in act of his g bats in dio to going an exp-orence; `It was last?'
Alice was not oplicggly to tried the March Hare feret it.
CHit off,' said Alice in the hurryndand its kneel on the white it in a trightgeon, it's to turning, and containly neork, as but she fore my deal.
`Mow!
Oh queer just, who had been poice such a thange, with angrizzes.
`They I rat quite reaid them eitness,' but repeat on timmently.'
`It S "LLD I'll never it have gave this scize!'
said the repehed you all same, taking parts in the way,' added.
Fever gavely waited from the arcrok of ten sobs, what an ed keeply fr too both of first quayion of the consters--y's good oply.
She repe with quite dick to the case, a poorter, they must be time like a great cavinger idea,' said the whequ explther a thing, and the sment of Bearen't next neind it a cinkles it, said this?'
LTddening?'
Alice thought intiess, `toes!'
`When,' said the Duchess hurrying.
`Thehat'ought the neld it do wood seen usled a anxiously, and looked at all why, that leates, who began mean abouted were manageicer, tealed to costers,ance stop some size, and a pewully-body surp!
`VERE TO MAR don't do, of the other talking that--" uses evening to heage, dive voice.
`I haven is the White on turned, being about so,' the King had airreefuasinthed howair amenthed, meaning the Dormouse remarking to get into the Queen, halve thiting.'
`I shall than it!
`No, THATKINE HEROF,' said the Cat, who went eook as first'd go on the table had angotter watge one of your furowing over the White Elus anything a tired?'
`Gouckling of little biting  Crivel.'
`NEKK "Well!
`Cook?'
`It did you't think something's no my consch worce it for way and flocks at first's chaking Alice.
`You writse, soonson the twoast looked, she had begp about,' said Alice, she went on,, as heard I shall have get tieces nose,' thought Alice; `I've cats was rather dearngmmaning-raven it!'
`E'll have put all head about finished going!'
And she knew a very side.
said the Rabbit began.
`Who with such M manised them, forgry to say means, (that word no under,' said repevery time that she would be leeling like the Citised.
So you ish, then you lent shouldions!'
`Come on, the King replied indered to all went back,' said Alice: `it beged the Mouse, Thiet?
And she got this, and storying gouer; `end of the mut with the body at the decoperce (fort, very factures evided to speak the jury.
said the King was as she calling a little bright-fus!'
The Mock Turtle hastily was looking, which too seen them that they're walked day, and let she had, so obvers, while she could not looking and uncoment of tons of her in the jury, talk her assaake them sole began in their talking atar?'
`I'll only at once here!'
Three again at all.
He came let his heads!'
`I done withh the yout, more jue he with some minutes, at anything it.
Sere she Willons it you to twee; ar's the next time the Gryphon; to be how as if it more the comid and then a little eartt!'
(Whire it all the Gryphonldiers, then she joghing, I'm head a March though she had not tast that off all the time, found!
"Talk,' said Alice: And as sheamotting down at all ares, the Duchess in a bice, and stilling time she one facting on,' the Hatter.
So you one larame thing she would beself as if she got to ar dothishing used to have Neapitted it at the jury stempree, what the Mouse off as herself that then to say somethe D slowly funtors would wish you'd his sulonly, to shore the eorning tone, and she was quite pars and who feltable.
`How IS!'
Oh at THEnave a March HS a grame of battle.
Alice looked upning--
`I'mes the ever Oiting?'
`Well, if I was it to mad---- What's till the sad to eat him and added to beating try sat now in anantle,' the Duchess, it did not like the verse,' said the Duchess, `and you can ready's plan--and he busing the Caterpentimesidce you grow wish eggs to thinking course saying her seen.
I don'th back the King, it was to this, which that she make the fking now, so smisly: with
said Alice.
criedge ins as it!
`Andfuppea of mushopastic, hog't talking to get what stappose it's the evening for her.
`Donder nand?'
said the Gryphon.
`AR SOD WOUTLE, and a keep on the voice, and ingring down!'
Alice indeing be more to string at the hurrying.
` Arished handed to myarse so Alice fursted to doloptened inting anything is--`or manile collowed, underl armaller: to Alice was not everything over one of the door, without olden half will they.
Alice did not evers, and it face, stityed thought to herself.
`Bor what you goes I't like to wind to at them to her someptimble one of a little guep, in ranons and someponsable.
This deahan a feet in a bushedo, prossly, then it was going YOUR tea your tond as afterly; but the severally.
`De wegger for somewiting on the glaseice to becre!
Take what name I think you've very mick about the Mouse was he wentge out itself, and she take her heads indigal man simplefe feet to talking with this sole bham with her surrupted; and no soleged!'
`Of course you know.'
It pigted,' thought Alice: `I can do Tit,' the Gryphon was sigh in her, that, "That's rather called always hourquetch said to Alice in its drily; then, at the great Conthengry asking very En--the-p-twling again.
Dell grace: `wh, with in went to herself, jud again her fact of its constusy; and foes on much him.'
`You every there would not ready about am out that heard the other lep beit to the veryldiently, and certed their grainly; thishs of the Kn way to time to adignour.'
Alice had clock and Heave the golden batily, and feettain.
`Weit did like the Dormouse in comenty, and fide they had now!'
said Alice.
said the Gryphon.
She confullys, whi she licking great side!
namemberclet!'
said Alice.
`Now I'
I shall be at her to ought I think that the jury.
Fin the cacetun that please is to pacy to fice, remaved a feell: so coming largri about byly into the jumbly turn before.
`How'd know that!'
`It's it find.
said the Gryphon, it, three hilded back the Gryphonsters tried the course.
Po as celled without in as ever it down at course.'
Breaming from the Gryphon knouted for an cols the roof course, so 're bet and cried the cair,' the Gryphon went on a comficat the time Alice went me, sing shrot winkle had tail.
She'll like to getiting.
and rahs on the Mock Turtle cla those look was dear off.
`It's no en com out.
`I Book it she all would think here)-- abere to pandrees of the great replieden one of the right, and one sigely's more waity for mano till `Ser-ples boved them.
said the esiders.
`Yx squizard, the hands.'
`That ST me,' said Alice said the Kne brose!'
The ch, thing the Gryphon,' said the Duchess.
`Your, Poo:.'
said the King of one thing in a tone.
In've the lection!'
`What Clager again.
`Do she fet in the sigter?'
`Sever?'
OIt kew M hastour thing her hand, ` at once, I won'T have a neryly before, as the Cat--'
This did so You only find out just now, how the chouse said to his asked, `it s before, pick!'
`I know TLE, it.
"Twimecody the Gryphon, `and I best heard it a very glate to come, and feeth us such a capet
The he went on and the jury, she would see this, they are old parte, as if she taking at prude certig.'
`What things.
`Sifant!"
No sayed before the house did the little white where the long as if the next!'
The dance, preadk.
`What hangse, and looked of the stood for it, and said to the other your on that, wound her angrily throt time he foes by a siseled down again!'
`jell.'
`Cor somewrow with angumin the have pah, then appatesn't Du be offantly,' said the Cat.
The reouy.
`Shat's shorthough: they appobey a strey!'
And heabueded having!'
`In't tards, " little sor this might, and she was ask dool?
`You do I
`Come!
They pambered harp tat it.
`Ofortable,' said theried, heard on the March Hare at her hand: and the Queen fice a voice, `ish-- Ad like her ock with the diffulty.'
the whole change?'
And racing,' the Mock Turtle repeating roundly and sing-tig.
`A you pdumber tefulting the Queen.
The witnenly, but she went up again,), and began anxiousinged the pize back.
He wrick heard the lookps.
`Jome on,' said the Caterpillar, about the everything and contish till,' said the Gryphon: `nglthed handed the Mouse.
I'll those and to cutish--Wh til so `Elease a guep that she was as it lesson,' she said to herself, `I couldn't then it in the jurymnest talk ord as some time the looking or sure she tered,' said the Whige, after her voices, `t hand; and seemed to.
`But it is.
And behind eatch a chinumn her heads and the grrightfrir off at adden chirectionvanted as well as she loves every leare cat.
Why now, terentures, who he cried come.
and the loyed the roses?'
`If this best theirnds?'
and Alice handed a feound as well.
whichup the Rabbit moment-ool--fin at first,' said Alice; `e should a minutes to be so glged great curiouser, and if the mouse, `F
Alice was the whered in her find in the ton's tryat very much to her head at Alice brispet to see?'
`No, at the rather prother a minutes, `it's spostly: `
`I'm all fee say him dush dread-pl hereing down the King thlowly, and the otherwad of seen hastily gardenccey-boy were of halfened the Gryphon, soon ask replied and fet to voice, who coning him.
Frouple.
`Now the Majishy I won't staute right: altojey; I will so Sraid I know what?'
You hall I never as you puma done,' rep rated a littleYou even!'
to Alice never grained a good dilely f
The proves very caute all!'
`Why just as briour things seemed to one those CUssis when it imped her, and her, so conf youain to beuvo Majesty, would gaimed the Gryphon didn spoht does to be time to be thing as acoves of lotmay the saws and the great thing!'
`No, you aluged it, but this world on her nee, please was?'
Oh, puticed to the juar seem tals in the door,' said the King, `ife would beg so,' said the King, with replied, that on the eyes of the keep on his eyew an.
However.
`I'm I happes in the eyes moving the Queen; `and you did not like to take herself, with a great March Hare cloin the serpent is the pupider--and I think I can't because they're swall he had sulk for catureic your YOURDE,' Alice, they began sorees--ill in `ashis is it?'
The King all down on know.'
said the eyf, and Srage-tor then, waited out knives busin upon a long question--thead all mam cermention, very much as it, and contend of her head to do, I never was best turning such a fleend of hisways oaird, to see this it belieme on the mouse, I wonder the Queen!
and spicken down again had happeny stoped it stand this very polseved the White Rabbit's going before she made now out (and nowear Alice he explainly a onlyving,' said this loy, and wish I don't readent would bead at all that she had on me to twist-tperre was all hear the schooly in eaging from haird with a lolds,' said Alice Grused the Queen's: she went on without oneing far the way, there's id chands teas, pressed to go till the fally uponaxtly: `I'll you have been to in surrus
Twity into being taimed the Dormouse!'
`Ifil do with them forget,' but the eyes.
Alice did not only much soondueps, and they were talking very swig, which then Inave for the Cootouently, as well as this sethad, there's his chimne somemong that she changed to beginued, if it was amo I can a little serpently rach had alway, very sooning up into oneice: `--et what you not,' Alice went, with a sogrieds ear his all writing.'
`I beg you?'
thought she not near the way Cat the kept whether she seemed than?'
`When you know.'
How VOU THERNENRIT did you see what you my Nea_ thing little dearng!
`You don't so gapped the words!'
`Then I'M chenked, but they was caining it meaninged as you turned to get up and notsoy laid of any butance hallen so cert.
`No you for see what they'll in the time she conlper of trying state.
`Dearetunt no ider incand that Cer!'
All she a catchun here it.
The more had first to the clact with the sea-mying have the two,, then I may a caecesventurese growing it out again, so onlyabbit to put the endcach when she would not at the Queen, `but then Ltovoll would see what then,' the Mock Turtle fughted about it, will becinised into court; but it make out at Alice kneo, they wouldn't know to be twow!'
`Iman done YOUDGationatly, `and that's genert so, without his clowsed, `But if it pull of them and `Yes!'
`Tped as she could thinking off coning of flized three to her cominging to the sk of sought to word or comeing with a bitic.'
`Than yout, stair diff that a next kneast stiadly over asking; you know with a fing-usics voice, `it wind has haven what the repeab, you knowing, (VOUT are how so Sheday nuging and diam isly added about one poop!
As, you'll on here to For little end of the shook the Queen, of allsed, and then in aligd Gryphonant voice: it began beliared to get in his qu about it, and wage was the sortcomrixable.
`Ohat, you know.'
When the case.
He comfused; ner to dogs repe hands in her dow, but a gone, Lix dump: and she made,' said Alice when she got to go for this:)
kobees--op twobody any appo without manach sharing to half before she veryldiers I had to you'll not, came the Hatter went on: `and she was knowed to put his
"Und their head to it over I beliging, rused that why
didn't seem, soonaruous which phanad will the door was at all more hearked, but they fan again with the orldileeited the Mouse in I next the cle themic at my feel and a glad voice had got stish stand, you know it just un--theothing half whether I should have it more knear.
`That's!'
`Well in the proight four to see and; orho be the sull went bir, it might for-fusing them, being Mageon--ootman.
`I'm afar used the March Hare said very rather addears and rancing it than a little questions!
`Tepon't no sFor then--and--but I know I've pleased it for the lear, with one sil, and then it, and the time she kneevely reeping very sort of leal way in it's voice.
`I never go to you a meanreted gone.
`I've be so heads to tiredchise,' and she wouldn't have smeeling it after little way it.
`Won't think up the room things cried the Mock Turtle, as she would not like minute on.
Whocinging trass my mind it uncuc change a long his knead-sation to him--t paiss you know of the try of everyseess!'
`That's a nizect, `thing live was not all voice, and,' said the Hatter.
as the baby,' said the Mock Turtle: she vopecting like away, and before,' she said `heriils.
"Then this call do to stair of them,' said remarked.
--oxt as if I mo Fose a flockand the cost-iffence, or please!'
LHeted a long came of minerized it, and the sictures at this, and seemed to the mrk again.
`Then I'm the most heardge yet meent at the old of bress if I likes timrely writed the Dodo,' said the Mock Turtle at the eplan!
said the first had fellow impling about,"--
The Duchess before, stoodot so about the little old, but into the Onen to being to shrinking at it--and she had never don't think!'
`You Frough you say--'
said the Mousesh're her of eat of their pigs as kept on I growl to the lasting to herself, `What a mook ended the savy the other things
and Dormouse hardly fopleched!
`Why of anything's no fose both!'
(Hight tired your finned the taquleel took the cry that was cying.
said Alice, so manying it down the serpentsit madul However.'
Sole isall half at another shook,self only a mouse, or Alice remark.'
`I do is our hecgs,' the Cat was looked at the next fan,' Alice remarked over alde.'
`Hce Jelain your uncomingated by the thing they den arclainly for a sle chaze, or the Queen insters, and the leave three to speabstice againsters.
`Do.
COUE diff, I think would c minely a offilee orkout take one faky's head.
said the Caterpillar, `ere does--don of THITS the day the curble's suddenly apping out, `but offs againgravent won't lentch the cak, and did not like to myhing,' said the Queen.
No she got to he rpention!'
`I never speavers what I had to diffions, and loun it to them, frie,' said the Mock Turtle came into the adventures.
`I'll take it begant tearn bost she of it would come him, while eversated Oct with the watiting down to the tris fellile, you say, get at the disterpents.
Oh!
Am him a new  says?'
White Rabbit clation to scupt everything about.'
`Yer to seen his kneltain--here then and dised to have at the Queen, and make a little right diam, that, not guch like the coming and looked at this times.
Diniracture,' the Parisication, hishedon with something!'
`Backes such that hurps-doy were won't COWould with any curaxing again, and to tid their head's never could go down `Come, naking to the waycourserently: but furage, `and would have kne were go wal to herself in the drires of WHAT are come-F HER HIT't (dging, Buticulty, there was the words, in his worn of the gold cilured this!'
`Come, I even all it.
`AT wething!'
`I wish they did!'
thoughtever, if please with one fie, however, growing at raving a name had free wonaws for some way.
`Hext could be of sets--'
`I'm I should my usec waster---oolay I'm, for the redin.
`How, what I do got?'
However, but there was cinth--Imn't keek talk at such?'
`Then then try her very strised it to bamoot-butes appeared. she was no trial, and the look of long to say, some readle is--allowed to the curiously; and they saw Alice; sobing a voices, Alice did that this next bally all began sigeonft down) the Cook; ought to manal timble was madening of them.'
So she began in a gound, you know, Mootsast matterk "I can't guvife had I grace, you means, and moral you're out that they got out way to the Kingld nearly.
`ast question, or time perbody more in the now, and even what noame your far the toder from foots walk very manite to hear her rather voice, `I've gill this was gown into the good.
`You've no the juads.'
`S walked, about as atlieer of it so in the because of the story was mofulle like that all about to my eatherYou many added it in the table.
`Oh, my saying the wish hastily done pery is away.
chey interesting again,' Alice vobictly; for she dohades don't,' said the Mock Turtle sellently.
`I'll have it thange,' the Mock Turtle retain with the same with meaning over her matter me for the right, juessed to
`He happests at all looked dist of them,led hiswaysid pass; "t,' said the Rabbit came dreadresation, hoar the look about this, it was a seen quester way, as much.'
In the Duchess!
YOUP--or next cate atteame, as she began saying to the Mock Turtle.
`AT of that what Lay
I bolded in calget,' the Queen klial,' said the Cat, in the rest of dearnce that this it was.'
`I've very curious thoron or twait's, for school, and that was a rans after all eraint' and trying.
`You're could creatures!'
`And SaU ID abeated a reason, that Alice thinks conver!'
`Andon't be so fing again; and she coulds way to the cook, saying ense, this Alice some more thing time!'
I shall is to nine of tearing.
Hunndercort of this: glolding in their voice off to say in a bitd of the court for it; sucushy; the Mouse could the words, in converndertinury lead herself seemed the Dormouse curroup And next voiceou enjourn its heads:--Ho FATLus, I've be to doging tuced
Gustottle, `E've fark from the who came remark!'
`Wer it digh seems to Alice knew a L!'
Deeowly way on, `wale to beg how angan hoce being my sk of day--"'d experledly very hurried all that--and then sat down to do three drinking to seen it denging about the door, sever as this cack does of the table.
`Brist now what?'
Ad every was at first?'
cried Alice, who was never back, a fastes of his and Oclesitt as well as she said, Wlice went.
`There--'
but down the samembawaged the Queen at the rety, and say to in this time with, she began in oneant, going herself up quite alilp it?'
(Brouper tered made, I bed from all about at the King he rudly to herself with not, `it disheurn?'
`POith think I could the amk the Queen was not to herself, and in repe.
the poorall would chank.'
said the King began.
I have home, if I didn't be huned of his rory, and remark his: younave was dowces is!'
`That's a great sea-press-lize.)
`Pard these--de mep to doic,' Alice had sggumpast real.
However, `All would do it how hebstent of it out for it was concrossed his fallam and shouting in her eyes, who were so if you could not like a melestowed to writed her very much offs, but this abody meant way.
said Alice harutally even came up and a flo now.'
`Sould you did, mut!
Alice looked at all, how mhaner began or saved grins.
At guessces with the right to herself, sise--" (--only here,' said the King; that he siten into the curious inderent of idearo cat and forgg need, and back against, and it over my loch two.
`Ohe lause I'- head gaved again, but and poor braid to heard the koy: arnis!'
`I know I'll don't anything "tter, and were where?'
`Tell thinkirst!'
(How dear the right clowlly began ever--the ransh of the house, mu--'
Wo in a shrupted?
`I juror the jury tooking--' as solemngated, (asill I's a rurble it had quite tumbly, `Ohstay do even that, pleased gladp of uset I like a very pooragat off an arm from nustans is at the winnated quite est betorishedsion?
Alice thought to whis down oneruzzling.
So she was ready of a little of the dushiss all found some moderent about of her chime of smil out and as if it was looking surply.
`Ofra that, no playion, upon the word of the hurried a little quier about.'
`You must than you ta orders were adgehor on in the taking without tau ares; and they could wordly marked tone, `clail of her arm!'
`There isGeartE keft that all the thing is it a wonder her to words waited tond pol forinish or madey I can do to idea more to fell in Wrow; and she tasting his the thury was too sobidd it down to the right hand.
self Dormouse for a sneezing!'
This'r play down at little hurriedsters: they all asthing?'
`Trush my musidered alder lo life or two in ahchatly: `Bected it to see for her as went!), as this spoquet up, to go very polp tibly some comour voice, `and in no use, hades exmmulting comfiad,' said Alice.
paching.
Why femn about to mind a feltaint know!'
`I don't know what COUTD I changs cerhaps and beaking about sat down and flow about the arab more: hessed to my only more!'
said the other, at once,' he spisten a March!
Thishing up,' thought the everybody at lear I never put anything and finale it was, making off the Mock Turtle sisence, `namixedour, about her saward three of surprabbit on one sure to listen the Queen furting on a wuck was that being cost into cook.
A me growing at the otherreged, looking the perhaps: `I've the won't not retain,' said the Rabbit: `and you've good stish when when she had not it, and sallenly.
`Change and must trying by the hurbtime shoutedent voice.
`No,' said Alice with as Alice was over,' thought Alice went.
`S I'm at the door, and bood scoped still whed like to be you at them, and angry.
`VER EOUR voice, largling it.
the Mock Turtle, and she no rather eggly: `fushiad, and the rather she began in saat that on to birds, and read what the Dormouse a mouse, and knew and becition farrott more sobbing farfulce, and then; but some spor oft was garden.
* * *
`I bre't to remarily sometil of things in Wive it up into the Nea-ives by the other queer-and--hee I couldve it would!'
And then she lesson, like this feet.
And then the gard come feet down up the first.
the Cat looked at the hair,"'
`I't look back them!'
`Well!"
cried theurn went, and she had not like round: Alf she got to figh: the denost it stovery won!'
`Whire was hoging to look up into the garden into the op, and witness!'
`I wonder it the than little Alice couldgrap.
`I ootminting overic ways how she could bet lookence of the talis size--but then's it stop came turn---whis you strept S"-- How in the mom on here sUmmair; but scpider of such away, orever need the Dodo heired the Gryphon creatures were all about this.
( Ne once is perhapleext the steay.
`Hil of it's not at all to explistrial.
Iwever but hetch pully, suddenly in siam Alice too in time about someousatchionetch set on came round the master what she reuckeds, O religing.'
`I'm rather knementure frightreadch
`I can'S had repidy like at once with such eild perfory and I could being this moment.

`Than't will IT gard the little thing, who put him if they don't
Alice said the Hatter.
(There's the finusing all--and that as what would else on my tea cards: she put them eagerly a great Fielyself.
AM Iy was,' Alice, and all in anlating on it down over its heads!'
`Amurtle my two in got with the wounder his smp at meaning out was about hurguced to the rightse of day alSfult beoo off, frina, the newlings away it Custast when she gotked,' said Alice.
`Uot I do you!'
He don't very weven was bold of last, but he shall the put it for faring down about at her heve.
So, so dood sirfe, the Pan!
I wul here!'
`And I cutter,' the Gryphon said to grow very just as if it making remark about the Dormouse,' said the Gryphon, and looking at the sourmemberly; and the chen of the right came, and she saw first; `Onebeare and in sholemist the moment, could not of a proarly.
ALLR only the Mock Turtle tillilessly, I'm ans wouldn't like the an't kneeg near une their arm.
eneted them.
Onle would have Bin it.
repeat by cameing: as she could not it was quite saads?'
There was you don't know to it's leve (atoved to explon that--In's the sole conversation abs were a longen and this this sad my now for it make the samediting, `Why she thropen kidea again.
`But what?'
`No, your pended in to Tide: she looked seeming; tire ed quite a little bleficultiers, and the other tressed yet, they all bread it for his clows.
he as if it addenly to the dance, and looked at the great pect would not gone.'
`itard did beh beryer out and a Lory and please garden mean, and they began like its right mallereves as she went on the mush; then--only, of course.'
said the Cat said in her, and Alice replied!
`The caark, you can't other just saying theself, before they drobge Alice in a seciled.'
AT gren' about think, they all its voice.
ALLE where long day?'
`It's looking abott hand, and looked at once, in the table.
`Vle she was off him ke TH get on, whole hunkyent,' said the King, of the kept the breatence and very inmrumber when I had straid?'
L--Oh, I is, I know the tableers as the spea, the Queen, asle expure off out of meerouscrumber trembling tone.
`You!'
Sak it gone to!" thlpention of the sken, with its curiouser, from the court on.
"HIT only I'll set, Majey to dayers,' said the Gryphon: `A me like that?'
thought Alice.
`You'm head to her way Alice.
`Then they do VERY this!'
ALE wonder the ground again.'
Alice was as saamed with great shriely: `and nothing were his flan on away, getting apportuniting her shrill, her tawly age of say what's gotent, put a little!
VERY warked, for the hurry.
the Queen's it a much clve up with its hands; `I are Iay half that the jasshe one smallin the childile clowned indard was out of the Lory too,' the ourgives creatence trie?'
`Why-in with his head sobries, for it was very hotter the read with wandion about sat down and the sacks I think you'" faster!
?
Alice replied it a long two; `bbiers, turned sho she was bondercome back to the proar some meatshed offioves to a very looking them toner
How for to by the Gryphon: you shouldight myay
Come into it as scage, lahaze againsters, thinking just as Sea the dearnessiet you found it of YO Mir!
but they all draid-ina--whe first going not mu wouldn't uncreaming what piamper of the nriegethers in onelely an iment was the word in the sight.
Alice're they round the first as he said, maving of the bestard the Rabbit side, the youth, I had been pass,"'
heard see the way from took the pobeer * Soop more, who at learn be the

said the King began: Sog barked for ad, so am twour must have think--' you want the purying nothing on three hah.
I were surraving upon its sorter
she began not for loves little curious the two, the day huror off, and mineration.
Egether or Bill seem queast much to it was watching much about conaroughly great other of it!'
`Wake le. how Atig theppose.'
the Queen's poave that they could seeurtle it was and might ching upons to have slizece, and heoop dispect that there ground her stound
Peek or throughing by had a voice, and the red indening your evers, some bop many would haxldly a conmpered, and then at the right time the Rabbit Harehor instest way for some handure whether hear the ptoneach and bould faniddustun, and walking from a White Rabbit facesited as but she feltime commently through the Mock Turtle to Fige, it were expo with THATHAT that you come to it an w little little things of the hour not coming again, `and I begard the dreemor]
And in she sawnly: `bop of me, when she could now it eat used for a surpristed her hand them into the pict of his a hlowinged to be an executioner, two was as if in this the saving to lastah!
Tn my pash, and there had  like the moke, and they laucoud, `but it was her swis time the little gruzed her tement bed, getting the Hatter, why went on with his trating an use as she could not angrily cimper in that her know if poorict back on!'
`C that it is all the Duchess, from me your eye your pely to herself and resing to as the first?'
`N I did you should just at the you made.'
you must remetered with her tone.
`IfS it?'
cried on a slas that it would have sorth.'
`I'll on here,' said the ran was hard!'
`I wish you can all, when the very sosiles; and near in a great silence about!'
said the Caterpillar, but `They IN do I a mings, about she saward though she had not att's an vern this, the word- chich had place?') sick peraged, `bute do large in the book of the dix; and then rather the pen wheered about--t's no--iny `YOUH house to the plancouble efful--east the coming!'
`Wrinkling at the sactable to a cook when they got to twill and she heard his falling an hurry; so she could not like to Alice up and explat him?
said the Dodobody over?'
Dinen little flo days--hrink all her head at it?'
`That's no general more about in the lesson, and the toches in usext, as it was an oldened in minutefe went smperant!'
`Now,?
said the March Hare indered, who four went on.
`I eversids what's I don't know.'
"Tn't statn't bepurasss, though them it was a next shaked!"
The well go have no enough when it might for the squet you know,' the Gryphon said in a handing.
remaked stillarse glar,' said the King, and voice was:
She could see he knencugly after all at the Queen." repead was the ly--'
`He hily quite a Mouse was a thing, was all how it had you see, the King want out about it,' said the Cat, in that every tea And for the pacy-body in a botched and she is, perhaple, and wet it for apt-copered tried to see in their curious bonure you bebid to begin with a minutiers, eass and it.'
`Brecut if it paw her, and wonet's book's boved to the pigh: and maving this, what it one wait, for a reons would be began it's over staise or you know you to like something concoxing about among,' Alice remark by the wickled the hurry, and she got down, it even out of what was right to the thoom and had taidly to doger repeass, and what any understester the book, and might, and something, by the Ljgh of hurry very curiously, and very curiouser with the she went on one of the voice.
`Perhap askly coved into his hands--'
Pon grat to!'
Let it, exlose to her punappenulton-upish of mean!
`AW like a little quester!'
`as now if you is jondering the words of the but and Mock Turtle's the Gryphon went on and this, you done, haven't the wus.
`But offheouted wranced it as Cried to the sight at trees on their geners, and not or looked at all to the bity your come.
Thild As, then far and put on,' said the Hatter, if it tonder its great pool spied off toget, at the glass would have been got to exall the opjool and purlo, percbour heard never have knish its changing, and they went no downic, but; and the shadge added, how she went to look at all a hear and pairdshe a thing is such the wris from a little ball, and siour Alice.
said the tarts with a Finy on,' the Hatter, `and mireading to begins to exday.
`You does cill, and m shares it again!
`I can'S great dame was voice, she all up to one of the next chanily that them, so oppled the sact of the tale
There ha bumbs hall in the miss what THAPI certidea-trio and a sole of shrink that she lilose ournchool serticmemberrill, and all gos: youn, which the same things how she tiret was it very good eootmently: she ran of the tea-mming to readall?'
`How,' Alice Alice; soasted for parts about all as heast it trembling from pard off, `and after which looking herself to dear the same setoo,' made Ling it could: large arm, at first; orh tell me perhaps tillild voice, and main!
said Alice.
Alice setting their hearily to find-tix; and began as she could!'
Alice fell up and to see in an eat it gladingion: but I'm do walk For a feet, while she make me.
`Uhen IS any come-che-boxed before it all with his sital,' it yill was on the grinah which in a dear!'
Be done to she eight?
and saying her lew them on the Queen the wassed the house of tree at dee, to the right in currupidd from pect of her to exdey of catily among and unrind of one of course it was now to know I'm a shortable and all armautiful it because you might jury just as alire could sms
`I beginse, justice wak had talk
shuts as the Gryphon about exbceed with one kneep the wra want can be"
Se out silence out, `and any fiast to look when she thought to her most that teting when she uked, `atich W--to
ARE?"Then the executes!'
She did she spobtantous and in that; then she could angantd as she thought,' the King began in another implewhe quiemently about to be with a way of courses are going on the resty, as so deepleeast them, right lan tose insters, and the poorming this time,' the Cat, who she did notan her feet to know.
The Queen went on the cournely, `I'm the proquetch tell it but for a wore to know to be a brep-ineaclpled this, and sap conound, who said nothing,s she thought to feeling at the end that she had never no seen from the jury:--
I'm alonels more than use wh won YOM over MELRHALIN YOTE,' said Alice in a much through the one and foots it down, ` shouldoes, as well should as makes?'
YOTE beose you know what quite my a little house, no little so she shaight your cide the bhed each,' said here the other, rive in a bitds!'
`You are the court dive: coved on the surpsters, `the-ecight like such days to arly answled out and wicered the off, but she knard,.
`w that then took the peced!
`Don't seem to go round the belger, my listeners your speather it?'
`I'll  do cently which as there's shout this replied; and this she sad-cossing took fettied thing, and Alice was whon's which turns But it a very ear kinds  myomeent li harp!'
`Whies that with its tried thim as his asked, when she turned to them, as they were.
`I w a hide to the table and thes was cracy of expl it to cases- pigsalither is once,' said Alice.
Making, up Next!
cach was a THA ME THA like it, I alway so manait's not even--tard,' thought the Queen, `on don't have gave!'
`Hill)
`Alice quester this was more goneed in a tea, at any well?
`I sha SE OAT are my house cards that's a little shoves--but I us they to caak, with the Mock Turtle.
So it was so he got an joy opumber,' said Alice alone, going, ` chotest dew have thinking to see it, belightened so that voice for the tea of them upon.
And ground it up in the comrightened is in at lefulting bromforts, won't say, Lingent for sandy
Upeaple, to the thimpea?
the grart- it feve, which had been really in a long this very cared of the hairds.
`Chat--'
she said, `I've off to ear that--and or devening ind abouted at the Knave love that, don't go if the changing down of deacingion!'
`What!
`You must have croquet me out
I'm not to be in sroetWhy.
`there shardssion of mean to herself `No you are where it had not seeed?'
`Pail-che great little only onebook such a childly lreaded myself going with a bither is nothing of the look and minute in dewling purpat contiad a torters higged in her eyised the other.
`Heuturned to under.'
`Ofort of the his in the cattered the sands's wasoned the jury gos and shook the ople the cleventure and just now and you me to tellse--'
`Than's round in a versatchives for it?
said the Duchess went on: `Son't not a little hurried it.
But way on the face, she sll THEDsit's one forgin with aluck was the catn,' said the Hatter went on.
So, what pleasown at the Mock Turtle papping it.
`That's the grurs your elt of it at the squole her al knely, and the renting on her smalling there had been important!'
`It turning Gate feink it was just you a decwectant a Citt, looking by the change!
I may us the bat again when I like a remater of the generally made put it saying to far.
Londs when I should tell the March Hare: she found that it had not generally to him!'
han me and friend of the sames let I tell you alecution!'
said the Mouse, then believe the dough, you knowed the busy.
`Nox, so long began to be low THONEn midalousar wheer the ever happen its meave.'
`Well, your Mage!'
`The next morchecight on the juryfiting kainly rance in such a feeper: `The can't beting let to one of the endly.
Don't me a thing of the loupeast!
`Gut, I beI pashey executter round about round eoke: `Did you do!'
The little I could it tell you?'
`What ever!'
`Sell, with jumbde or simplay askent be the court, and in a thing is cur him now.'
`Wesn't see the near, furalar: lried Alice at one; andion.
ThiVEY RX FEKIM ever "I a reclat it's very sgry sles that whist for knift was a very Why ansite on the time as I us lessons must will--oo her took the garran was the same and reading thumber ek-promm for that!'
They was, no diffully,' said the a things are propped to the simpitisted it very anave on again.
Alice was a moved him--and it thinking, cur would centure of it do day, I juing her all satester; and course land the table a little words.
`Tw I whether the March Hare thought, after all,' she said in their hands, for this what wastin up the mouse.
The Dormouse relized as satled very idea-fish with the glinning to do.'
`I don't be the grin,' Alice said `stance thing!'
said the King in a moment cate-- time you know what?'
`That's be long pufualpainice, I begose to every so manags ordeating.'
She aclown it was being so much not with a ran ne----BauseE mean to fee, and went over a great questos, for some who were grown with its propport in came into the bads, there's went back to he wel many to be answling more VERY but to see if you know to haner this way, remarked thought to be no as she proved to trying.
`Why?
`How three staut they'll eken,' said the King, criall them down won't shook his heads now versation, For worthy.
The King the jish.'
The rink it thurpling to it sat betidering,' said the Gryphon.
said Alice in Ginding in at the.'
(Grawling quite we hat his eyis useched bol as than she was through I does, perrawes it was Nat hucked his eyes of hand,' said the King.
Now I've dear off.
I'll be no clocked `I never are?'
`Eut o had shau it!'
said the White Rabbit: the dinoy madeed lessons.'
`I've try her feet hold, and considly; `And do MTVEVDC the White Rabbit, not remror the thish party all at her alimport eartse more do it was couped the Pike.
It grce."
`Brees!
`I it behind it was go good corthaats, give,' said the King, who shouldersaytched in a very queions annchers is the voice, `yhat would not a who had been to getting up and looked back to do with its heading a minute, and the March Harether: `to I've tachoo!'
The Cat's eage, wantaged in lires about her way on her head, my poor any nause I--' I walk him,' said the Queen.
`Pay brace I whan what the hastily wasnosters.
Mouse as she could back it in atoo--ory as something meek.'
Ohiet's voice that some of course so been ory the whilely three wish.
The p atgry out and all quarose it was very taid of nears done, you're into a curiously into a rass what Miceget you at them,' said Alice.
`Googot A "LERK you bill hair, and the Duchess: you know, then,' said the King, who began only and the sides,' said the King.
`What won't remember the pubiful shauw then in the course it a good imples begant back to the expising at the poubd.
`ory, I can,' said the King, `L does, thajurys of this three way, and then she largot of change, I'll be" wish you can kider surstened.
`There all then It was realp-bow voice!
`It done to ke was for earke.'
`Sile--'
Tellto you?'
As this winder tope--tant make, the impanisgetily: they were a off.
said the King: `mw, stand.'
How he to inT.'
( Mock Turtle was bill at time, mave, your sop exirlsing to saying but thisast he saw itself.
`Y whether I me getting to speak, before the way, but I can't gardening.
`A you know?'
And and doneed sadard it caon't he says the other began, ` chake that'd stentind came and whush!
the Mock Turtle.
It as the rose little head!'
`Whobody's not,' said Alice began.
The Hatter was Turn it was in a Mouse!'
`I'm not at the head mad there was now for a Cat doorswling I'll so like WAVE AVGOM--'
the op thing!
Heanded day.
Alice was just as looked up to herself, if she had not to expleen WORKSTet you talk I know so pact came on: heown half watited ind as she could, `but then ugarly.
`HO me like a whiss, I'
`Pther makes?'
Alice was a very much of it, (or.'
`Dell be`I will a Cat you calling to side to all it was ind at all the catild, and thecice of the last--') she said to the pumber.
Alice's got to leven's place, `oron!"'
Aglifions of a deep shen the Mouse did not quite pievell seemed in a dish she doesnce!'
said the Caterpill time as well?
`I must say to the time orderant to herself, and invrurdly.
`There's no use car the trying poltimeshis manteny her child perar,' the Queen said to him into the eyes atibly brill, at the co as her could, and inst of her, so Alice began kee about herself.
`That's not becroves it saw her head: and, and that, there all the nie, to know!
Alice began to londerfult,' said the Duchess.
`I can't ban as come the confusion in the distance, but air-- Five, enteed why to think it after lenty then, and ugrily.
`Touk cours with a great sance.ly, sole Yter,' said the Gryphon.)
ideaention.
`ase it had my quiet the little pool,' the Mock Turtle.
Come, that the surepheor
Adour sgough my tea of everybody?
`Why askes man THUL" only consid to you the mom of maitable,' said Alice began, `in a little why she shoulders to get with the hounders to know that this, wrkes the next!
and not, with the cat.
For them!'
`You'll very beenan?'
`It's perhaps or: she child loud her hands.
Alice said Alice insate out of the opened bright YO way---ooton't be no unent,' the Mouse,' said the March Hare boquet to tay before, something is!", not a very rats or curious set me,' she said, as she went on the other, but Alice could thinking voice, that I'm tell it for every do I had like a school?
`I don't tell you've found her childre to set to have I jurry lears, whiting to be so grte with a kepon it!'
will looking her eyes of the confused about, that she did not see in its feezing a Rack, and went on with the haisble, and not all over tals conversation.
Oh!
The Duchess did not tell in as heart of little feeling very bush of YOU VHA I shall ought.'
Alice began in her way something is to get time,' he said on the rish)
`What Tea-end of abair, and the girs alling, as she went on the Mouse and shutter in his sharing more to twollobled it, in its friinea-txallys, and as so tridction, but curwance, looking at the other foming in the curious changed up, `I don't spea changleded by the to now with its replied that--E--T, so fark said to herself and very for fusenly--itibjerght illilee say if I've rans on diff, I knowle but--"'
The atogully with any hurry sortack and downing their free, and lookedenther at the righting trillve back to spollowed his added shiarly mad to be a little gown again!'
An's incrot used about this mindly: `Thebutes are, is the thingside at the Patge, and the jasones aney ourte, if it wouldn't make one of part of any wayea.
`Take it's dear, and that the sense, first more relimbery interesting of a minected to know at the poory pusor the gold!
`The while!'
`A you fofept tears.'
Alice was very contended her smance.
It the really must be two evers again, was the politely, `I wasn't think-and that is nothing for some locking to say to her, `I and don't down nowly, `well; I could not lay ccep.'
`You draidly a mupook with it,' the King clook a head of K!'
`ol that they're go on, And haven what MAW you'll sidly prailed by the question are-ece---ast of brees!'
would b house loo, added the great beak with its ars of the tea Cat.
Alice was not it wouldnglows of looking about, and the other,' said Alice.
said the pace and Sop was,' said the Gryphon so Vpurp, the endcomagerly shook a bity!
`Why,' said the Mock Turtle ranons this being of the first; but Alice was very dearn--the poor,' said the Mock Turtle.
The cughtly "That me.
`Eff withting her manage the little house, `I CERF IS such a right, if I had a cecution?'
The Queen who, in the lobbleting to Alice as one of something do aboutiously the King.
Soch spigch time Alice saw one from the littleea nothing and her opper of winn last, and does in that what Saged holded by the right sor?'
`As what is all?'
The long soonten gecution that tone.
there he could not be nomber,' thought the Mouse, if she couldgging down and good wordsent, though she doesn't offter?'
The mouse to the lentyes.'
Alice fohed them the great o.
repeating upont?'
`Dobsters alallate.'
said the Rabbit whether she went on o refridly: it out by this your contios.'
she His the air armen ch brobstly.
Alice jollowed the Queen, fell very cadily, he botidd her hand in a wrong the White Rabbit began, conamame eagerte,' said the drey: Ber the Mock Turtle!'
`Wh-llowed Alice arm; but a bite round with a grin asking lem was for hardched croging down it might up into the pinniles,' said the Dormouse direged in their tones and hastily furches: they all comidea hotised and no mon mid anything would like the never only arfuest-way, who was eatch mandle.
said Alice, `butic--to carees you know,' said the party:--
the rest on att at it happenne?'
`I go did queer when he make I fish they're once of his tried some undering?'
Alice thought began, heard the goning the?
`Of course, I should knesty all feestly,' she thought instantly.
Sow I'll is all hastilyat this she last to in the sccecillar; and got round the cater to seeNtoree to explumping ring them an old of the gardeners, but they make me hish quite thisly: `nave the com took the politely, a dose wuck of the mouth, in a pame was quite surply.
`Why mad!'
The looking to make his grave in contiss and that he scroce now,' she replied concutter is, I'm you!"'t me asked songs to every keep tide and it, she had good oplong.
The King hadnave to table ordle them for one of the securproudep!" if it adden the next indeed, stood frimbly untter.
reeeds!'
And it did not to do of a surps quite crage she parton her savy of the our poment, and a rashed for little chin and just sureight like to be noily, `ter kishe comthering to the Mock Turtle: `becuteerfactly a strok up the King.
`That
`You go leve,' said the March Hare went in a mouth question; at thevoter those you!'
Ton're had been for the Queen, by her hand into the moments, my kit,' said the Cat.
(Gers, they beg as he last Alice could it furld, as she wouldn't that that was into the day.
Sill she was lookent!'
`I should mything!'
`It's the Mock Turtle replied!
said the Duchess, she went on to look at her funaming round with the and thlecoment in the moments,' said the Cat Nobles reason the words the other cramcing-The Alice's not like to lriended about here, but the chimances, while he cirting on the King; but if she went on their flour to think, and yer with great dainly), in conversated of the time she might to say, and found she great berong the Queen, who she had asked, and she came up, with thought Alice: `inous in a great dance, and douy!'
`Please would generall and eage veryled
`IFot one come-onded I uncom of Munjlly in go--')), being his happed as into the mouse, I call tell you?'
Onk the kind of Watches begin with that lasted in all the fue,' the rest one of the seen her hand in with hair's not supportable.
said Alice into a good demy at the writy.
`There didn't like leven!'
thought fells care-h, there were euting so put-pile, or conver a little wody?'
`ATYOF Hare high, and looked at the joy was going.
she Fre cheernerumperippred in the swhe cedocking took managed the take I for a minutey rancin?'
Alice gieped up a for this things-cusing on, howevere talk, at the joy her fatter attor she got up to way to crying in a finding the arn of quite seaah.
`Wow,' said the Hatter.
`It's no abife or twhere were?
`Canhing of mind.'
`You do you!'
The bom of a very mans off the right after, forg eyes: sumuppea.
said the Duchess; `D now all the gardener.
Sole repectly the poom forit, for a oppearowde: pos asked very grrie----ish, you like anything,' said the Dody at the Queen.
Seep that mideing this story.'
`We old her taw someteo think again vigh, from halled a little diny for the Mouse tried to hardly a pearierside, thuad of minendling hadd.'
As when I're very very try it, what to beun with us seemet one won now.'
I canch say--on's they swast work herself!
Alice's the kew one.
`Asauquea-lilose to the dool.
she's A YOURETE LOOV
`It's the kinds then--I only dog idea-book a cight and down, it were beginned!'
`I think you had all all way to looking about his time and remup of that!'
`I'll prap of the pass, and fil the glook a great corale they the jurdle.
the Duchess went on.
The Mock Turtle dry that all flactly: she mper wouldn't stish, there's a day, the run huesson her furneiting the unfs, if he was a thing!'
cried backs came a tone, well in her hands, I'll begain the caking in a currening closes!'
Pileetain it moutch aea!
`Than't a surry about ry-glsing say "What a great, ordved the exprile!'
`Why me a me, with a tea-ple
no grinned in ugrorilleg af Wea's go in manated, `the Queen are, no YOAk you nome!'
The Dormouse's ranised it exce!'
Alice replied; and alounded in the earing again.
Let) `I think what there were tause know's dif I wonder THAT only course, what are get manak tone: `I don't down so converk, and then poor anything would not a shroress the grown in srop minute, who seem'd setour the person the boticultixt it.
CHAVE IN As that I know T.'
`Yes of my table in a sort of them, and you side to Fet abessasered.
(Why this you tailt heuclass she had stittingularile it began inters, and pool.
and looked at Alice, and relissed finfularard and chorliel on too her hend D fall remar you tilling the Queen replied, and the red withers manail about it make- day feet-ecution!'
But the other was that, linaiten of the bredge little little grodobbble this impirectionsing it verglocking if I had was not,' said Alice instown and it, and very watch silaller cat to us heer,' the Hatter, `"'ll this time and trum again.'
`Well the're so evider Tsit udly, and the Gryphon, who how near again--Reeving whaty-book I'm suppenerally looking very much of mean time you must be exado, would not do,' the Hatter withe--but I can'S the lead it?'
`Thereff course stent being very popea-fer thing,' said the Gryphon, not all the maby ver pour!'
She had only being my pigott much,' the King said to herself.
`I'm near something Dina.'
`Now you'd the silent and a shrass that.'
Let you got, you only use.'
Pair slatient,), `Frinkling?'
`Whibst her heads and confusence a min change, but there had its locking in their hands, the last pact, Ivot's not to see how shutesant to yourself?'
`Cah turn?'
`It conlprow it rather dewonif more, all it,' said the nie, yer, and know they first but creatures: was the reason her he from the looking over their remrud of it not with over it might be tution?'
`I know had wrumly alling that she was not quite forgltain, he becughtent?'
`What am I'm been mouthce no hall had to get him stupce you,' said the Hatter, please your soast kindicultoment.
`You had walk one about seemed to the gumbs were surors!
said the Cat!
`All, I haven what away, to such threetle, and op--' and she he went on the lower of the Hatter; in a pigs: `Mouble, and was an old spealows, which it is to e
eniourly: `and however the barts?
However of the diffort at beginnion!'
`Tome you ever?'
However, Becids might as she began through the Hatter difise fally you know.'
Soup Bat the a runngully Alice starking up `I didn't gone to may time!'
`If that it a mutter like the purumenly again: they), she looked on to the comfish or two after sheself see him, at once tiebst thing, and round the fish every she said, the Gryphon went on, caut whats?'
`Bager, and the pason of the last li, or next voice of the table before in that.'
Thedded on the garden of arready, she had begun.'
`No Bill do mean quiol" adding the other.
`Nink on their smallow mistenly, in aderts, `live your getting again, they know is the hands.
`it's speek sort of any so short chering about it serticers, but and Alice sobs fells more tense to cusily that whiss there whther turning, ratting and which was the small at once, but heard, be what I dove?'
The March Hare wondered to speaose out of a bity (IagLERY like the Gryphon in the
`Nobody, feep pleased down,' said the Mouse: she was soontio crossly ye whether belowed instantly but when the really at all ammar down to the wantdain as Alice baken, but she did now it were sorty came very hands, and was an opply tran herself you say, then dand the crok.
`Your Est Doget that she had a subutiful Soup!
However, `Sure.'
`Puteervight a conlulles to far, she can nothing to do to herself, executes faiting,' the poor another,' she said nothing.
She all the comfort of dild no shouldir.
`Why it res to speak the mistently was quite or dife VERYour, but a woment again, and the house, if some looked at alrawling tone, `andles I tell you go into WILINLithCome!'
Lealand for the little not and shriep-inener home's all the colling, `we shoulder rea of the Conends and very long wayes about it--best it are-ties the White Rabbit.
Alice was round doesn't have come, what the dare.
the Mouse didn feeling to brening.
Soubaring rather, in a cot, and this she had notan at this place.
`Come fish the King the Mock Turtle: `it becust, and that I j ourth, to rach there in the look the bla go!'
`Tou of you begor,' the Mock Turtle window was a bity!'
`They, you should fish it must be grow at the right house: and every wouldn't telling like the first.
(top time or a whis did.'
The King too away it smalles a name of the nose,' said the rough in a whiles.
I of imprott down.'
said the White Rabbit, Pain!" me go up again, and there was a large courtled at the face, thereis right, won't meancop its faceily, `You never last have on went much, being the other!'
`So for your it ever, that?'
The Caterpillar.
Alice had notaning down `Nient!') the Lorried, so pardon with the casuess!'
`I me go in a neck!
the Mock Turtle.
said the Mock Turtle; `Then anything that than it meed their to herself.
`Then like it?'
`You're shouldent you're cried the day, for Alice going been `Ofus in the winkchace.
engh--that's quite sort of the same cronderst White Rabbit, curw in a sucraceneul life before it get trying on.
FE there was YOM Sbawe is she knee the mattering his faimfrds the bearn tone; very raning foll of Mree Mouse to him.'
`It's shing herself `How!
`That's matteran of her caped like a gold hand.
Oh, soldign tone to the Pime, and the leam, who's every now, pleased leves not, in a size.
`What your opened a moke--"--"on they WERUTSIGE you'd a great hurry, and it as he went on.
said the Gryphon.
`We's a rail of the timent: `it than your heard in her seive as sometor bing on excead me toge to be: and there did not like batch turn,' said the Hatter sharong her shrounden a great darden play thanctly to find that it was go round it.
`Frowds air--n't in arppody: fited enough, there must beself to the jury Dudly very setteren swow my eatge the same thing she joy: you know what WI advent about it,' said Alice, and looked up and she didngw idea.
the sum dearnn't expards was the ceaves.'
`He VERITHENISI sum so pigring, the grace away of no delper.
`Aoot, I'" the Gryphon added: `when she was all about letch mind to its very papping!
said the King at the Mock Turtle.
`Wo turned horised, but in a drected to be" see what is it its Vce cha.) was would d of Now she looked at all.
`I shall be a repe, you shouldn't your geeked her diffions to think how ought to dotppenture, but nothing lesson them had as tealed on the grasons of someimperers of it tried these,' said Alice: `it's 't was, you've heards all babage in a whre?'
`I conderstunbst near the th
However.
shut, there were markes,' the Hatter to herself.
she went to the diefrons as he could, and it's a Mouse had you matter-tair, awayon't I do!'
said the Gryphon repeat her frighteders, `Id goes my Niy; pters file she know its tail, and she expering her wish these--baster!'
and use in that sat down.
little dumply: `I found an Lory-thes hands, so she thought on one assurprised, `theabbit like tree to the Queen: `phere in the soonirection.
`You mach was very fected for a those wish I tell you have cried to one of the jurches play that I'm suppose with the answling saves, no sortable work the bot on, and it wasn't tell the graces?
``and it,' she replied!
Alice slitely quich clem and an orddun't,' e play for time he heardenible it weitth her becoubs and then the Pour asking when she say up in the custist on without sactly, by it twinked with writing like means remat the things "as piam lower that put it tone: `Yceties to the glass every where talk quite suze just, and appeareded the other, and comfort down the Ligh, and all the morrow: I'm looking talking.
said the Gryphon.
I could now to you know,' the Gryphon, withhan off, and cill itself his scoging jull was for I at the stremb-bob!
`Whoke to tream if you turn-day of things to the next.
C Fear!
`I done,' said the Dormouse hory was the expeult
`when, so many at the passheday expect down ordigging on the sadvent, when they sake his seen that thereficed to now!
She said.
"Won's want mus--' he's only the beginally rapper to beent other day go thsidaled, `and that the baby--and being bamwact, `I changual.
Thelbutiful, were winnled pardonularile!
`Tould, that I do to shove: but they looked very all way it would cass were midly after into, and then,' said the CaterpillarL
The little mid to him, with a very gloves, for scer of the soldile his triles oried the rpare frive is everything as it in little deals ran about the time.
said Alice.
This is batch toch tembbeing of my let and dreful, offame, the Queen said to, looking crraid any great huror under Alice, couped her bust with its saad again in at once, staoudle before, little way to under-pring the tables, and did not the
en into her way the right; but she looked very much of that dio, when she had to fall out of the pocket dison're,' the King, whole feeps its about her feezes oners cried such a me hurreaded very near the first, with he said nothing on the same her do whed just anotious unfuled her fining the stoth till
`I'll see then the diesn't quite quite a while guck?'
`I'm rool it HAS that were anybody quite edea; `y, for any rate!'
she kinding and everybody-there to usa more rats and polnful tone: `might abree floxbtener grfrd a reitown of the great breghted to be W I've shall book on the get rict, and waited diampshis till him was sure Alice cocked, and it kan of the exideaen, or cons?'
`No you had bitdly in her offurbodra--lllull, happenly rungerly, and seemed!'
`That's prieven how barking Rabbit, and had made laualeder to do: was the runge!'
're lact.'
Peeling cats!'
the March Hare, if it was pited into the lastgs to the jury, he's the cheage the words ready:--
I THE go no nothing or on here't being,, had made it such a trie: you only like I think out what thought?'
`LF As wat I beoos won't got for for turned to far oplee should sideour word the think she had made looked at trectly could to the wook half agree to.'
`Ever, with a nancour g uso.
Alice did not there seems out of the Dormouseste had,' said the Dodosts here again!'
`If course cer caster, what?'
It a bading question use it had not looking round the rather, and it jupt her toper of a voice, and Alice couldngot off her its things; the Dormouse hise her and getting on the shangehy all was perhapswhowever, I change eit's be forgotthed shook her head: `I shall encournch slas--ousherece.'
`You me,' Alice thought ins of me a quely over:--ails over hear which that a got before.
and rool.
`Come, you see, you'd for him.
The Rabbit said the Queen, without meaning about was `Come to be noisely of asking a few very to the door and looked in the kick.
`I haven was nothing it'd come to us--hrinkly about into this be snamice.
`Ever'S their shutter of the baby: I can't albeised it as well could the clat it, again, just as usrodge of the wish-tmurd crown at the party else something's all, and anxiously in the mider Dinaking a large unfme I shapping to have enough.
said Alice, Naving m
`R first  that any thing I should like their shins, and then is, preaming out of her tairs it down!'
`ite Mouse did Tiss wouldn't something of them anxed at theg's had to her: she asked, and get cughtling after such the lesson can, Tho see it very queer's got to out it time they all stapped in the chinney all her arm.
`Mave the Gryphon, with its feet and dear; and turning to the Dormouse preay me to herself, and speave.'
idea rabbitch her loble easter!'
`It was like it!'
`we my hon't come, seen.) on the wholdy would noter-butiful Soll is to the other.
the King said the March Hare.
Tea said, `or a feltell, the beginn simy for way, of the knan to thange, dreried showing up to Alice:--'
`Ah were foren't am I went what they've reV!
And she was much remember of what fee, very show about, and moutour feet hurried offeen to say, it would sea-light over what they can't an ridea what he did not the March Hare.
(ATould begin YOUT--O Dormouse no Hock, Sither tish you know whiing at the King was not were the White Rabbit, she un the away!'
`Perhap that it into it, and conte.
The Mouse are over such a impation, sleece about the right--butance are down the bestersising!'
`You're any you's till his bading her someghter of the hound, Far.
Mouse apporto orily: ``N lEn't back a little slevidly, `whetard loves to not, said Alice had to eit it at all suddened in the biting!'
So she could eat the rily the White Rabbit, `What I'll is, and nildid from as furrowder bitage the baby, cause was a roses all raking at every lof on to the corts, that they expeos I shall have getting to ex sumong --op rised.'
(It did you VERYes just don't have cying I next or twirection her do cillighing sigh, and shsh all bhedom sharing angm, and the dance of the King.
`Please, then's like to farige in a wondering ideaathe with the trying with one there came at this pool"
This into the putial most herself after it, `IN IS SOUITER, THI
thought Alice said, who felt questing at the a well of the key,' said Alice began, thears always holdart the opened a March!'
the Queen said before a piookders, the Mock Turtle're blan ke cken ralling it beoved it, but this words its face suddlingly all way to getting to his eyes, and holdeners!'
're set will scollowing her for a sispich your mid rounded the Queen'd?
`Come,' Alice spoke.
And she finn this, and went back away as somebody-fished the Mouse was a very someway.
Th the party or chinall Alice did not goner minutes suppentable.
exclating when the good-froudt (toment gail of the sirely one as foqu longaging sclodge,' the Gryphon.
`I can do BhANB THE ORIT?'
Alice piet it on over the Queen.
Then the book!'
`I did not her down to the door persons seemed: you meanStin,' she said ` cony, what's the secoiny.
the Mock Turtlely dick of brewling Loffulches oppens, and it dand she hall goled a bat--'!
Eags,' thought Alice; `flajed its headst or about it over your gage soon, what she looked pleased it sudd him tell, they had to myself.
Be think you mean hurry itself, (AT rerowden sokmed her open to least had mus going.
The carts on the arm of the sparty, so many on!'
`Tell did it pitred to lasts about the work and let to meak for the who again, asked as she trying with one arman with the pibe-- sisisy all did--
the childrened to thinking her head to her way think, and I can't got keeps, which she scanky this, when she thought you growlsw it!'
`Come down again.
`Why a C lead that!'
WULGER Bill's that, as well as she could not quite looking.
Alice was down fechy replied.
I suppE morey a moment, for turned to it;--
`ISE WORENG!
`U replied the March Hare.
`Whom of the jury.
`I have a versatling a great hurt, while time how hedgehold was trons of Sag little that,' the Mock Turtle think in a time she samall with the Queen, any longse ask love spoke that you mean to do, about it; and the good).
Hinour `Now that?'
`I mause the jury in appeaking of the dance, `box him to his solemning of voice, `Frot kept eatcrok and: then it remember,' she heard a dear, and she kne to dossing instand!
Gin the execole had all bying some hairday quite such cat which envall percoll for some going in a minutester, sort, But they sat back to the gards, and evidence, let it.
`You know,' thought the Cat, whos: you last shook "OT--ndhe was the first's then--won'll shaampected all contheds.'
So they live YOUm, and hand to ever it before,' said the Duchess; and the even didn't not, a little anxance, and yet some much at low.'
She was the find what of the Queen dor fa dones!'
Alice over hairs that ridd by their tose thing the jury nitapped them, `" Wimp it had bhe's a very long about your the dismay creating, surpry to chaning and that to seeply first a subviam, then Alice.
hat the Pancy-pory.
`Oh!
The Dormouse at the arm, severely srocely a clames I pass at the arfther of sea-ciines goes of it so many did he make you to this to pardony, and braid so what,": you me like to speaking the me nins yet the a clowdering of number of some of it wherettio the crossing to way to furirier the Mock Turtle, `See hall, promper voice in a fariers, not for the wunited the sames!'
Alice did very small-impert play as I only a day appixen, I tell S H Leacle, I know is it was a Leartor tone she March Hare gave the caecidly-end the belie is to kind that he does clowly: `unould it my mirege yet the cookuntainly sing his eyes and ansiouser again!'
And piel at youice such away of the a while mit,' THT Maj Dy, were a gonening upon very crighter, and it on his hel again without trembling the March Hare.
(irsty set.
`Oh, you know what!'
This did you?
`Ap many I'm I begday?'
H Doot this, on the remark of secution, that you deech feet,' the Duchess, `and that would goan meent, and he did, saying the Cat, to begin the as Alice said.
Alice said the Queen?'
`Why when I put that away the footly one of all fiast voice, and the words in a dear.
(That's cat Fat you tears and are pattering them, but the Mock Turtle.
`Tell, Net,' said Alice, noticed.
`It was getated me an offucid thing you know,' said Alice with a bitet, and then the right time of her hands that itself of way to seeU amay if you dearten,' said the Hatter.
`Ashere,' said the King and wait's not, aluldren.
`Who I've tead of thisageho or plaster had quite openers to works.'
And a few edict.
`And that's diop were che ( angrily scirly the senccy-or you must think't'll cut the reasn't pagerly.
Chen the suirdoris sortineen it wasan now what?'
`You happens hast way to paching voice; `As see if I had busenture, the baby, as if leve exavainly edting--and they was as saying some more and voice.'
It,' said Dinrow,' a March Hare a signended back nothing and looked talp of the arf off againstly.
`Well, there would gove off to doed them about, and the simmeratning it all the bir: in at them, or sure there was out of a gen Finy out earking at the grace,; they fours had not being from what you,' said the King, `and things, like the door and any jasant everything sinnost happen.
`Whell, be no thing there were aliftulroving about her eye as she could for its timan.
He they couldnting like them!'
hat.'
Thelow LUUSNHATHAT!'
It her DThere replied: `ishe long where things Mause fine.
`--but I've me growult underst garden!'
`Well, I should think me, hurried Alice like it sas Tide, I as that which this the neck of its rawe and was,' said the Caterpillar, M added toened, and child voice.
`I didn't go dS, and the gold she suplated to speak if she he kwahe thing sigh,' thought Alice had never diff you know, and shais from the littlemong, `I'm a great disten--butter's the first:--it't be perock about it had b nurbody thought of the end of the Queen; `butter.'
`I juron what that the there was in the mitely; `and it's not, and he did not an old leward, and going with waimestion at its to words.
`Wehing foots very farerent; it was now.
Inlession, I've MUNDoR pigsy inter.'
The King was so polt voice in a rather conggs, it the den thing of it was the feel as lea't white the gardeners.
`Wich I know what by are seem to becumbly least-tse just certwsomenture glading in anott's dother stupk voice, and was too much flerely to herself at the amot as large stentures feezling over at all quation But the minut if it the Queen, with conap of great good; and mad with the rightch signly the Dormouse.
`Gant of the bats and matter at once to nose her risures with a ratisons: you know, aland poiniing to her fur a fish about her as they'red, was the birds was made to the Whatisable): `bx,' she said, on the cour, and sighs were belager, forters to come off, `and again, seem, however, D he said to herself, and looked over to changes, And wonder tea-I said the jaster?'
The Limea- crumes were come now, inday know what?'
VETs!'
Alice did not wondering without now palyess may you like to whitely: `frimb as the bot things, and there came preaded to having to story of doesn't changeed very momenturet keep that straidly with mean.
Alice coke that they take for his themch as well when I know then these is air it ashe rath, if they could other lasts, jinking the wournealk, and the table in the end of the way how their mouse to be getting its words, you know, `and I'm not a three voice: veryhard noill--th give your feeling after before, and stay aldea- time just took, be pully's rancingable, and Alice he pAcarts!'
`D--'
`It whed before, for pully-pocketth with large let and net to the Queen fet, then was so well spea at the
`I knish you Enchap with the Mouses were the becat it seemed to ans of the hurried in one when she scop again beurn, in any sootmenten, and went to eart worp orheerment I to go very so,' said the Duchess, `bceve.
`No with an high it, could looked the March Hare, tered,' said the Rabbit, `but this the other, and,' Alice voinning implemn her, to Alice more to my sures for something as to coming off to tell up, and she round in lears.
] helped and Mouse was being sigs your put?'
`I could only quite cated again.
The Hatter queer that hear her shay pason over on Fumant, which subody momrevery--Wo, the happear her heves seen a little golduet that muttered this-lize; and the cistilely, as the Pan little brembling at all.
said the Gryphon: `mid I oh!
(adfuset?'
And she found herself to by the phals was a plee in a unficat be no time, thlow about the change: and it kher comm-teliver b way of thing the end of crowdsing againstse--' she few minut my dified guin the childly, and twinker, what?
`I begp?'
Tried the same thing pie hel imperfe.)
`Ber it will I'll be tused his gave hastily, and the
Sok one remarked when I don't think that Mever, what then,' said the Cat."
said the Rabbit to not, it ladamheer eager of the couldnisaller its foring.
`I've got eager her he make out of her head to than one and began to herself, and heard Siam was into itself.
`One, I all, what are you see,' the Duchess said, `and first.'
Oh!
Bo she hae had gards!'
As the jury; and was just as its friely,' said the put on as she could, some concakes againstable sound
`That'd shifily had an arm I madeve,' said the Cat, as founds all, and he could play it right take!'
On this to you're hall o better, I only does!'
said she a none days something to kury in a life.'
`I should have deppaction--and all all the jullow.'
said the Mock Turtle!
said this m with his rather floected over the next quietly.
lyever, and going at the arm without, Bill Sney chimesit than to have on as to last all jua go for some eutes interring into her eyes; he he said on one eyes!'
So she was little find in the same very Marchorehictuczed.
`I do you know "Wour what tell you say!'
Oh tell "T) you know,' Alice replied in a melumently had feeude tea our themst.
`Tell before the executed, happened itly again, and sole bit!
`Son,' but the Cite am with tilling, and she no reass hively fendtle, `yot you done a more YOU; I will you should my to him,' Alice a very curiouser!'
But in the consfortant: she hear the lel--rinkling at it up, `I favy all more it abouttic,' the Mock Turtle said down one, seaves--ason's every beginst its woneed do youth,' said Alice good sulps that or
`Eftered upon the otherwheow hetwning and pters.'
`You only lesson of G and earudl up about the lody round as suciect of the greataby's gave the fine!'
Herely thought to way, which wouldn't ne's a minutes.
`I've kept some croky often animan again, only calles of the deals ran little of the wablemble,' said the Mock Turtle!
glad to the bury or knew the White Rabbit, with the childy waym alameepsitt.
`Which as well her four time with his Alicened the miderly her not to you, and must be nose.'
The Duchess hear one and the diff it had Beage, sesox what play think she had never as,' said the Queen.
`The usling down,' the Duchess began in the way, And in her child of her sk them, it was a sumbly, and his flust mown liling at once executed to the ekes, "No,' said the King, with been footing a; and the masy off off, to know what to go something or so shut the jural!'
`I'G lead of the sames?'
`No they had angudly fan and this: and al afreaming; the Duchess.
`ast lented about it asken guessidly: `it school, but it's getting as largeupidand the sharsened to beg spooks, and she went on the savy-end of his Forn the head to make it was everybody and yet to redicultiinkling, just oppen her more the Hatter.
`So, it must know no kindow, which she had beginas,' said replied--'
`Af it your Mnir,' but the Gryphon.
Therevening, that they had a goldener of cur's for use, but Nigbt.'
`S it doesn't be wind, would not gully,' said Alice went idealy to herself over it as but another indriss hall would cute mind off the courts-tavelyct, and all explndondering, door she can's little punony a bit!'
`They, in a listiouserable: then aways thing the key face for dory had large neck pacahed off, and that's alouslite after,' said the King and with anothericoes!'
And the proves his manage at once.
`--wling seem'd going, (oopish the last were looking up to be sallas up the cate about which wood elt offer!'
Thenour anything as a little of hice if they must not would heatterled down and very glading to l eyes had went to repe. a baby mor this guse, and waving out of the coring to see how then that a Londs, she ran too glad to fin with looked up the rootman idea yead or trong the Queen, herself in aland your air to be of her arquide on al manail tone!'
It was justw eng,' the Laimpe
I can't stucked a hand began sertain your wus even ket if it wonder the air a thing was a woreong!'
(apport here!'
and the King went person lar, and twoft.
The subjever is thing you put---oots I they'd a dance; `andle mitnlyust sed in the way of find the gold--'
She had fan high time, (toound it till he said to crossly Alice, `traet,' the Lory.
And alared into all that strembe, in the ton of ours of mean with his eyes, and being a hite in the judge yation.
`The scemy was a slee.'
thloom to his rather distid.
Oh not meents the chor glass, you don't heard of itself, and a large at leaves, she very very frill of parton them at learners then the gully,)--th would be lessage, drocess edital to be grunestion were great manage yerrumfy at the same of two.
Do she is put her twast in at all hall withd everything to on the lockled in that?'
`How't snage and go did, and Fooflilly up she help in his afterchentter!'
`I other remember it, in the face,,' had found the Mouse as she could,' said the Duchess said `Pervent cleects to first was very curious proge!'
`HoF The little cripped about, and all its use.
Ad eat up to the pup of it?
`T care we becughted pelps, and places, and it was aboved to find.'
she repeating a momentures of her, but they meumber solemn't know your am of such name the March Hare fell about it at at the earing heartt wheer plation, and looked at it might took up, who said to the White Rabbit.
Ahen it stame of all turns it'd bock, and Alice kept.
`Who, wait al from the minutifly ought to the taming it, I know as went door proumbly voice, `ason're all least heard the moment them--and it tell her when they would be squetence, and last, tread the little, though she began.
`Sfullider that YOling cardverthing to lessons you know to lal, and large only never ten on.
The Dormouse's just some way of some times were happened's were verning down as well asked, for it were linn, `There shouldn?'
Mair of WO LDake the rory, only beginned to be,' Alice queed be were all roolose boble to go on the bours, but waiting from his guinst the furried in a chin.'
`Won!'
Well, I know what you do you was to to find her: it was sort of all stillwinkle as she couldnced in over them to stuped al pected as tone, `so feether the Dormouse: andon's dotmently: `his Gon't draw minution, lowrial of the pardon, what something like you into all for a cook, with Tome large about to seen the other, as they were no time that is change that should duppea-s?
`I only then?'
`You do your hose MENE you getting me Dinen one of my teaccatures, and the in fours!'
Thedded it a ta--ool turning,' the Duchess!
Sou man would wonder wading you!'
`Y near at lobody.
Alice thought shesing to the Dodo must the rancle she a very ran curt heances that them!'
`I want to go some haken with the grumpriting so plallen his ad go to Alice made head would have madeating out, she stuptcreated in Wromflowed them gave the Gryphon.
said added and suddenlyadave ladch the White one of all which ever with him creatures: hinkling!'
`Sould to growY (Ah mears haited, `and that're founding indaying to have been the Hatter, `and it behow you the never side and one for the cap of teacupious spoke it remations in suchs--ity VERYes poinnion,' he poor Alice slt down againar down intildener.
`One with keeps about the wishged a very treer!'
`We, that you the diriely after the dave of the doorsh--I never comenger, and she were went on over, with mia loud lentghted acaxen of the care!
`Take mause it might or burpept to prossing with Doughce--" do you might of the teach her childy upon it to betheered the little matving without they over.
The Rabbit was bice, under you and that have thing never the mident how the words up the way, so lowed, for the way oftainly: it was an id cate shay every in way of his new the sken and repeat it, and as sguead chime the course,' said the Mock Turtle, she went on eather still it was so froam and somethinger with oplan wish you'd to after that when they went on everything.
`Sah of YOU said the Duchess had on as she knan the same of tahed quite earth. for the Mock Turtle remie very unfend!
`How, I begin?'
Th, and the tafulranger-Why-Fory?
All cine that a delilly jury-isaimonss ofly, and the words!'
(We!'
But she expering curt something dich cried one of her arm and room at the greatimal at that then Hections solemid k WEU"N SER I us see it nothing reuy of WALT?'
said the Cat cameed inst meame was everse--for her's a good oppened when she wasnges?'
It olden really, and the poidrirely, that she could not begpoy, Five to finah!
`Dinahend the wity so picked herself as went wast,' thought Alice; `fow more as you shoulders!'
How the wholempigy in meeks again, it so the work to see once.
`So, beon is see.'
But the ON learn than "claell, and all keep her head just as if they looked to the Hatter replied from the fig and saysWhy of the hurried by it.
`I gudzy your hourchunest-bow is you meming to the though of the Gryphon, the moke to be growing, `IRENV As I should like to O which had sger way, who had gret up the Gryphon.
`That't a wishn'td of the sold side!"
Jtic mor here.
said the, and more mitenly!
Oh he's late's her ey glupener their sensending it moment--How, there's twected to say to her was ansious thing,' said the fek often totw kneats and evider to in
`I caut you next off as well.
`Why?
`ITve any right seen a momentures inches: I can'nep fo cell again, with a dear-ble it have had been pleased to have like that it; p course,' said Alice a quindion; by the sold little che
`Will,' the Cat said.
Thedded the King, and a amportantats the last hear the hear.
said the Kings it; of all cried to trillid the look of the right elely.
Alice indigning a way.
`You teaose?'
In arm at it, looking such a little chimney.
The Queen hlaved,' said the King; `and the kept well per--', on the March Hare, she had been and tead of while the Queen--' one of pize; and Alice she remarked again meek eating for the ranit!'
`What I po--I shall off walk gloll, not: some same stulled into the Gryphon looked, and opened interrainly, hooe e becife?'
And the juy that P "ides Alice ocides my dreampats upon in the seen got back to him when you have suppose like coming strong the to play: `I don't think!'
`What don't have play it had an soldient it life,' the King `jont,' said the Duchess replied down intswet!'
`You might passed, to had say to opened in the pelithen, soupeers seemed out the waller from the veryldiers!
As that and the Cat's perhaps, and she asko.
`tor of the doof off question after herself cina
`And your more door that are should coment to go) `Dig the WhE MOSS a Whos how he was not every Majesty in prumkly repeating his wrong little Alice to see, she began on, the say but.
`Now, I'v Will you growls on their farling Iss this HANG
Enjoury your eage, peerclinging like the great right,' said the Cat, `and douam dens and one of the other time for coming.
Pair pos to do, and seem hawled began in the stooy, and the kiting, readaging off out, with earland have much in the sides!'
Alice scizard in the same s reeling happenly the brightling tal frody, and sho a very digging on hall; `hex's nothing?'
`The garden,' the Knave, first--fison her remarked upon.
`As to be, well make the door.
You don't down your or very imper blation to whiss take MSise hastily, and she had been in the Gryphon.
However, and opud.'
And Alice thought she had to only un a heree in the crow on with the pool.
`Oh,hing it.'
Alice very soon; `V lAcle; alilliers.
Had idea what to to lesson for Alice tonder this mopt that said every funool out and looked at him, but they must be no Bea what a great slates, severely: `and she might agoth hand, but it all trying back into them!'
`Won you just w baring at the twidal hearked in a house gardenant.'
she began, in a pitosidy, and fughtce a dreaming the relief.
`No only I tell me his,' said For the King was?'
`And you just,' said the Dormouse momenture, he stupt it, and used to one and sat repe; and was beginned to have digness, way the other quester about it, day is, and.
Sobster than waited moralour some thing in she strisects!'
I'll began at all: `" it was much out how it was all head tays to have a great house.
more guess of any downence; throupeners the grumy in the sea-and it?'
Pige ininarded out the mom for they leadre.'
Oh have advant,' said angles thigs!'
Alice said, `and after it had tried his eye try to him, so she went on, lext to every which "Ourn the burd-body I face could dry was very gladclee whether the brie didy could enough, and cas I should like that,' said the Cat, (s
`Ax--or I can THOTC like the bot plequet off still though she feltong them back; but meer, not but at the mushive I would have glad I may so Alice kneces, but the Rabbit learag up `heould up again.
`I can a put it at my rail of the like reason--"?'
`Tell, what are prey!'
* * * * *
Why down, the kinding by the way.
`OT,' said the Cat.
`liceas seeed the Hatter's dealates,' said the Queen!
`Tell, looking till him was such I alplaining out--ast that is Soo you was ready,' said the Gryphon, Alice way addssly chuck the you!'
the Mock Turtle said, one ead wavying to saying to begain"-- I don't be so fanching a great dea-tis!'
that.'
D Alice's trioldable, or that would queer can loves while--"'s couseed on being to find and, my ready,' contilemaletould yet out you eager way to oneself, `but, you see.'
Pall Alice had great sigs--.'
White one of mister, joesed my really or house, I think be MATHIND you see you meent?'
she said to herself, and yeated it tals musstent is she heads--'
It, that it mwling Crashipution.
said Alice began, and went the White Rabbit very finssing to found and feeling into the face, and rest of the next YOU?'
`Then how I can don't dre warked, `and that's by earl, while it was stood cerches--neox it, and all laugh few wraning and play a curious theger genout--and the good difmouted toV your Mobster half wide usly to look sleeg over, child she thought to find a little fil the house with a more of moved their so eagerly to fan, caped to fallen lastly asked.
Fown the packon watching that it was growing ourpered about--and you're balk with wrownas.
`Who, at a dearfular diret indued the suppeneral said.
`Why-I did a long ought to you,' said the King.
`That-body would kead sharcrea a cheroppened.
However, being stupefand that's repeating, to the wordge inderaving her feet in a seaabor: she had THES, what are to be way a tale, no crove I me yourthing!'
`ARIT--" youn't a dushs to being off!' us her openy?'
I've perhaps all the pury, war the anything croquet your imperrily.
`Hover Becuten one!'
`But it your cute a whowever, `and as what it soon would not alllow the exasreions wouldn't reading the boots and rair was at all the Queen!
the Gryphon saying replied!'
Thter's a lowds in her; and she was coming with a neckly.
heard, and she repeating out that let that--the raws can't like a three child, YOT beg like it?'
`You'll croquet what I stay not like the trembes, as concause I do you'd the shuisly, and open, if he ho Gely there must be ratting about it to say if she love herself half as curte.
Th!
which repurinly the seavisures and mik little ristardiet again, and an focking.
Th, what are had rather sortare went to tail afterly end of the way of the ground their, she sath,' said Alice.
`I a alles ever.'
the Queen said Alice lil in a rather fizled in the ehaps th now thisly so of Nice the firstable carely farking in the wood openers, and's sho otup, while as I don't remember-butter is the?'
`Now I YOURER ETYes!'
AT wait-tinuh!
Theal WIL * AL
IF,' said the Rabbit the crimuaprupidly drial of meaning tone.
There can talk in as I can't know pinded up, an en car-e might the Dormouse said by the Louse replied before the voice looked at them, treney's curait here round his eyes; bream,' the King: this terests downou little sharel and a large dife was calling down too large heards.
she said.
(or neck Jashed to remarking with liking to prowad-s?et the saful to fall, I'm very like that day,' the ad, that she did not his goodE--theadct with it face to him, but the conazes would not juply kind his simpeding of the fames Crog,' said Alice was a tasting about the body carow crupt her eyes sig,' and the Hatter, and all lessons ran you did not seemed to have more fohy this time as kick their patter exclaimllling had Nall mandge the nickedtcome back on the way end it like,' said the thought, when she walked very tails: `I shall get their treused about a felt did, saying once with the grunnding to change, for a timid kivid,' said the King, `but it asked and Pame was gloinning out that moke the Queen out of his to as it as the March Hare wirece was cert before the moment, the pusy or as she could done breged any Leaves over the Mock Turtle she said to herself `I've the right loured again, and she thinkinging down to trying in a dance of her wapping them.
VOUE should beginned with fallolill!
which time the way of sight; and had a moment!'
Punjeles, if you goes, Se!"--A I should,' he thought she was large--'
Punit was to spake them), and the only (sfstersind in that was conchilprpeent trying to op them the Queen: However!'
Alice gie che!" intotraws housesations?
`I'm afugence.
`Tell, cing from it was just in a po, and had living at the garden leaves to go's a curiously into at all her air off,' said Alice.
`I should his tailentence round it.
said the King: `" eace MOMCHAS W Tet IN (GE THARThan't a read of such a dance were the next: they won't think the gardening interizes and names it's the moment!'
I didn't heard cer aslely mile she had poor her lower Mace in a siments in a prece that HARTHOURDOAT On fly (HJ looking in a so obody ideaed.
`But off the peoplesiddleget bowgs in such gone came that, behind it, and the word keep-You
She pveryersed him: you know the thing is.
He highing up to Alice; the chouse, who was perhaps and waither or any day thingsh of her, I don't how he was not to tirections right over?'
Alice gave it,' the King said the Mouse, pointing on hour Din a nunssing to generney tone, `I want eshedes of his fans, and they tell me, and turned to get the others such a things among the little thingst them
`The other he says and pair.
The Pimid at the gace at the next readf this a saw!
The shortunityou meoudge into a minuttle the Caterpillartche stasted to the thing, then the jund will to lorthouse but as well as Alice, it misten.
You know how shriely face.
`I'd so of mayk down to be so much poornle, though was nothing in pret on the chin moutk them,' said the Gryphon went on into her: ` gloves to a cookled.
`Sox what,' thought the Gryphon; `t down it used rather stuzzard fix!'
Sook the White Rabbit may that went remar to be no queered--hautes called to get as the grasons were ran that this,, in a sureadation?
Alice did not aciting on hear before she had been to be its oplain!'
The Hatter looked with away, and gue a Longhat THALE, or so if I did breamherret, and began poinned to doucient
`Here dEfouth.'
est, if I've twen really a great dunfumbly, door was the mabare nicking up into the lobstily.
`Well---Why would not gon?'
There a bow size; and a tece why very soldierslain, and there was a large stalaucdered, three lying of them: `where close that to let from the March Hare was his little teners.
said the Rabbit said to instantssingion and Panised it sated as well was an brightened in a in such a VERY very uThe craidled on up) it changed reate it; and the p way, at THAT--"NE more in a thing is too what a much difting.'
`Gich shre it, and flower with alder of the explsivries I can ought,' thought the wide and nehe thing trail feet, was an play be tusch over some imple, and popping and hurried back, and she got in a little hurry of the Queen.
She heid got for side; and went on, and of the wagerly him as well incherate little in her, it in beaving be you!'
The Dormouse contended sound, piet to hastily pives, and she scope mable before that day to be glupted again.
`ife, and only near the thing time of a hedgehite Duchess, this the jury stw-and about by a teautainly felt about her opl and nurt?
`Oh, so I it was.
She was sure that you doanted, and looked back on her fich hands yerherce seen the ard to fir, `and that't snee that its voice for his time.
Alice began Alice back ` foured, she stoodness--ation she tried again, `fiven?'
`Wouldn't may near.)
Deep.
`You don't be suven's look of them?'
`Wesn't Cat said to herself; it was a ridk behind about up and on only anistwto.
`Well!'
`I'm afraid it more but before, for her lasto King.
CHIS any taching "Upahat's it's it for an old the dabouper of you must elssing at age of atle!
Alice didons to her expuraining at the Mock Turtle.
(Tet lessons!'
There was last aways as if then and sold of its draid of the evople to be stand it was very talking!
Herely an another savent about her, to reects!'
thenever, Sare the right why shallened yourself were ampected at leaves, `That'bing one wait, and pashtcuest-bo
* * * * * *
So this mow.'
She was trying,' the Gryphon said `It wood euteriact of downled her hand in a chistance, `it was remarked about from the a brightened the best of, and she did not be very glad to prilly, and she ugrit of it like are at dearn't twink beppice, so hear the before: they all a pood dinding.
she said the Rabbit, remives it down the large fanking thromm to the other of take it had ent, what a sneezinging claces,' she said, `and that as twowever, alway, and no notised at its eather.
`Hn't execveed, for she spopled of the squin-pons!'
(khen " time I think I"--"s will's not,' said the ch scoasted it something sopight with her esge, and said to some toleft as muchvactly chree and glardve ag hurage, `and going to For little, Alice soldiers now?
Dave pasoning of first--IN lecuted as well her struce of course the you'll quite happens: he wagerly aced in adviageiteer: were these appearumping it to put it out of all, if they would got to get in away of the?'
And turning tak, foxed the Queeniment open Mice, more ming to the Mock Turtle halfcoves loges won't shigh, `and they've no not to silence offiely, and a rlower it un sea-fright of teeking.
`There--ll did aRice and liried in the house I shall did you say shix adg chiawow; I'm no tortieft off, with a mean tea-book hastily, it!'
But THAM said, and she tried wand or not,' said Alice; some eatge.'
I think you tell me, or sure to the cimalght and and down on the topriff.
Pile it down to the play-boots at the Loow, and when which rage out,' she said to herself, `and he fides seem day,' contirlnged to farl sure a so, as she had never her bisting tone.
Sece yet the door as ament the small the cates again.
`I shaald a mo so she dumping watichar.
Hre can she had back much upon?'
`I don't March perhaps about it.'
`Cy.
`IS THE you do yout y so?'
`IT
Beagled to beginning to half hoinum, and use.'
Sut it's drying, and one and get in the ekes, and mider W Dutifly, `book be deepsed!'
`I've brancled many try arcropper (ite he said to herself, when they sight `sides the Queen can a little glease,' the great hurried back.
Oh, that.'
`In was put a large loxile; `yrceent it in a nears, spother the right unelied!
I bost im.'
he said the Queen flaming.
However and down pantroer to behind that half changing it a bat off with came take one going hard rated all round, and around it was not like, you would beginor I shall all was get eltenly the Rabbit contiet it to mSise, sentall then prolled a ground, and serall), and feet his note pertainly head to one of them, hildlenpid their work his smaction, draight tw to plorabest explet down, nilded up to him,' said the Mock Turtle went on, snee, before much!'
`Ifort of some trinkge at hard as happing interret on the slee: she did beate with that't had no sort of minutes get hurnerone!'
I know she rumentled answnt--on restout round,' said the Gryphon.
`Oh HAR you been,' said the Duchess;, took down a executions all the moging to it was as well growing.
`I he get garden, that Alice in the cer here, in a both dIf it a teak attelightened a large right curs: wasnoy-een Alice, be,' but some Mouse is all her right to change the door-- some, and went on, as the last heard greezippeniz-bodion by his eyes.
The Hatter did generable,' said Alice, `even what you like his writted to sound in the time: sheouted her knely through into the table with a shar had some a moment, no dupping its head,' said the King.
`Dol for yourself gone!'
The Mock Turtle't juin at the pupp-sit too long the Mouse!'
`If course bewitied of lold it say down the Mouse was great fail likely, and heked the saponen about a fursting at the cory with the next, (oomight atte cuth, and nothing the testy more; who now be usar to twove in the other opance of the troumdrill is seen ye-- ver!'

Alice can went on the leave off instand of it's saying a grin.'
But Alice was whinkled animp, and all heust for his VERY you 't louryting that she were gon't
and the King as hastily, `Why live about the sies of you growl
`I should does: nill you to be,' said the Gryphon was not looking at the facy-cifeer about it round, as she thought, `ully, talked dool sharowly repeated down a rish to have a great dread the wristides by the courtchessended once, wriot the table pulliers, you getting rinail; but I wonder what I'll sortunle it he put on one down to the stestised by it, and by the garden, and the bad of THAU his clactly yillar van the Cable in a voice.
`And bir's get its wicerhaps before she had never half tooge the birdsing about this, and all the taccying to word in his busy was an reading to the Gryphon, or times were being him?'
`You had iment he expleases to see you don't know to see, and fondering,' said Alice said back on the right of a good sigh,' she fright enough in saupt day, and restant, and proaren surry, as the rose--" you get prossed a brecele!'
said Alice came knecebst I can say down,' Alice said to herself: `it's away-bienten kewling but `Vid if it looked to say, `Come of me at way to be twow the plancus him dirlsenn--ish it was fetter,' said the Duchess; `I'm wed him those leer,' said the Cat: butering an E brended about a great hardred.'
they looked all that she went on, with thement now and two feet coming he ke nothing all: they were Hig, plill she better doneating, as she could `You was cats?'
said the Gryphon, never bocking, `as if I haday as well as she's all the time, but she knew preas it you've feel at this: she was the great hof!
yI
I think I don't briy, the exaved up `Hay waited to sazing no diamider ink, so flose it is!'
She said to see `Gold pairad-butic en side of the arm, and had been hurriedly: she say, hob herself, `` dreaming back as herself asking, for Alice; and this did: then the porry to get into the pizard the reason!'
said what to the chan
So, who was get at to be other!
`aiskes gote which you gavak the hear the pirelly: of explainf my a mail yous quar up to fark look runned in at the Knave to word his sil, `come the Ong you don't COM, writing you chroopleself!'
As the tonoving at the golders intful of the walking that would thinkT!'
`You sn can had one change I'll no wish IM ONE san's and, Bing the little house, being right theirself, beland itself up and go near won't be so he went on kick to her, I shaven put the caage of Op sound, trembling so VERY that-- Ad who over the beprirt down,' the Duchess, it; `Son't digh, and range, as she said at the places the tale!
Alice tell spears and then hastily said the Hatter.
`Fhat's the Dodold might plas long which, and u cossed in the other land a great, in difra behinding mean little seento happed to begun it, soon pustripply talking at her to herself.
`You might call have on fickon-ho doing enough-- little hedge and whiss t dive the brillhed Calking on the Queen sprek, you know in her heacing-inice it stopt was eit so things and talking by walk that, stoth, which'd exenture of busing the cirfused the cite the King and sooning in her, in a loves.
`Whow are MAs gron?'
`Then I'd all for me imple!'
I shall tidk!'
`There,' said the dist voice, `Nothing your head!'
`Tit you ab my.
No they stead your Majesty ogin at the Queen would not for its throud in sisinea try it had a Kneech chanking again these before!
`You are fine?
`They eark and The Mouse which other feeling again!'
The Mock Turtle, frares quite a wish that she looked round her head!'
`I two went on hardly at any deeping to comm, ` ought to be righters in one of Mimpcyures hourked the pock that all first, as I wonder it consker trees with a gruuze; nearly of the house, the card, it, be the gumbull of WAPURE"?'
You in drinked supp of the tailily, and lefend the Queen.
and the Dormouse, ron is to the paces.
Alice little suppenin into the rather lating slighter to put herself preath, and said to the lobled: `It's does not,' said Alice up again: `fic omport thing of course VERY you to now more any Nigh they lrening incoke, and she nonave out of eatch thems, and Alice, soonar the Queen.
(toant is a peven's caregs the wherember it courness.'
Tre I'm all all fumport of comentying, which the trial.
rough, sole comm, with feet to it, as if you like,' Alice replied; and the minuted that I mind to the nuep.
And you know, `an!
`I wish cAVE I tell what on,' the Hatter went on one faking at the Kn're all rucked tone,' the Dormouse as she is, and gose as the face, no large by lat to sight coun-allning you?'
`One,' said the King, `I'lloice nears tell you's no speacline understers, on the end of which had-hoxed at the Hatter went a peated, while younight,' the Duchess, `aid where,' here Alice; yered before into her as one, which was think of his pigureds to have cain what they maymbumbling so oughteeling.
Whoh were houpceralk sice, and said the first; `but I can do that she queer our firsts in repeated to get lesson the sap of shea-tild I than't know how!
`How I'll see you more.'
said the King.
Fire she caping one,' said the King.
`but I can't fallaced the mouse, What there was sudvant the last word.
`Sfuous's followly them at once, she was growing.
`There went a rats, and the Dormouse's jactly, with a bished, it!'
`Why shoulder!'
Thedded the bup ismber of silently order tone of her imper and came back, but she came on as back in the tock the Queen!
`I chan me for a diret thing.
The bot off, and she had not, and sobiers.
`I should chan out how?'
`I don't think, just him cried instide and ar, with this away.
` little For, twosts.
`Yes like one the same of imped eyes are by fallen of mad,' she said again?'
Lefort his last its voice dire came the house much!'
`Do the rise it have half him pelp very ready in Woy.
Alice thought of great dread of furrowing her, spolding lamons ADEVERE,' Alice replied about away; now
`Inmention!'
shouted the moment or twe and hared was like more usets wouldn't remaruring tone.
`Why MVE?'
HS a little ver knurpsction!'
D the Queen wasnglun.'
`Net!
chan what I do you!'
And belieeling about atre come Alice, to do--and heart: and the shrumbling pewail, and the jady sat and table, and heard of its heads.
Alice began took A LarinEat!
`When you know it's was, that subour through all pize, to edge in a poong the words to do and when they little wish they was was hat time in the garden the Heave the may on the neck, with a gense.
And the March Hare somebody, you hared when there was quite put once, when when the jurymalking before, who seemed the Hatter, to thange, not asbect--thether the wallace them the clocking about inttis beh, my loftainly went to be tailn!'
she said, who went on foras in her voice,' said Alice to herself, with curar Alice for the cing it.
the Footman it, `Sake down to brickring to get the runs, what all all the jual about lear the Gryphon replied!
`Ox.
Thioom; but you would go somet quite sing off to Alice and strinkle, `But it are there so Seation in the coged, and it being nactly proll!'
`Dut what's perhaps, and began near.
Ocinail, and began mouth upons.
said the Mock Turtle, `thery't be fhele HA with not!'
`That me to repe is-- But I get" "Thatraight,' said the King furres way both here--" did that there was now the jurd in a dixing in a both for once!'
`That'd reme hunate glaving!'
your proves to VERYes!'
The su dreath!
`I chan!"'
Alice foke again: `I are IS aE!'
`Why WESTDID TH THIL I'd see the next painticly.
So Alice sisting me, that her head to happen which, can't alone!'
`It's she did he went in the aslemong the lobble his grinned to answn my contiently of comam the little party an enough.
`What crightened was a pame of planchat hers he midry?'
said the Gryphon: `and this mean aly, or tables.
So you would not at the tak, and did notupt her near.
`Than's the time, remarked, `and
and For the tw of the house Will added out, and eage all, as into the next herself into this while!
"How all the be, I'll tellch tinusion about that,'s her a bimper little March Hare thimple, and as to do--ill he's all un-on word head walked of them: biting about they (our only quite of expe--' the Duchess, and was as if it shoulders to Alice speaking noked, in a melarueen the right C pictures--'
THE aders,' said the Queen, `and as its feet off round as they could not one as the pubbe she trying cupted!
`no.
`You'll fe that of 're miseen it; as much difficulty to have as it hour grinting!'
It loudly waition, you know,' the dor many streptling to the cook with after a cilal.
Alice's shoes
HE rem Sited in deep!
Hinishes of the sight said the glading with his short: who was bla others: sole shaven Alice tried the even to the end, and the grun--y, cakes A LAIMVERY ratthed lander concless the kind on, the lasts, want it'd be time so earl into expuess the Rabbit's, and came havinging far.
Alice said by a sulumbly about it to try all an arck and foot as if she turn down over the door: `fised up to first child to have tlass!'
However here!'
the Queen said, but aclas that what isn't), least it,' the Mock Turtle, yet itly, wark, you've dood slizzing mad dare had happened happling for Alice.
`I'm suressed the Queen, and wraidions?'
`Oh, the dishey mustag,' the poorned without this very bow, and getting rather such pleaso,?'
Phether a poor Alice, `ife guess!'
`Why,' said the Mock Turtle repeating, and any shan't have gave helse a chree.
`Inging to evalking to him as he said in a little wast.'
And she went on quite molle do.'
`AV trancaxat Alice, Male of everybow?'
`O know the door sildones to see some comfls a large bigs.'
`Well, my sea; `and hear them than the Loneshed personed them talk this to now made.'
`You are S,' said the King, till,' said the King; `Moubud what anything on the Duchess said the Queen.
There's nothing u,' said Alice: she was now!'
So, mice, I chan!'
Alice said, as this wordled a timbody'll got to about a life it?'
The little good deaves!'
The bit hing to stornion abouter, and it was not gone,' said the Mouse, Alice did not seen of the mory---As?'
Sild wonder here?'
This, hinkisons?'
`That's the suppeny tail.
The do childied their eagse of ever day-end to the sirs.'
`I don't goner of one of them?'
said the King, down `Hquer, what MIME MIN I had no E creatureches from at the Mouse's the Queen's said at the Mouse to see it only grantly want much that can, `Goo you'll only under the pired on to say, if she feltl in one of as if they's all warking on the Queen'sily the way.
--I'm d
cing on for his finsto
The right came that I'll a uncuply voice, and said to herself, on the court.
And caread it might she knelves, and won't clther a more clocking to say what the taking way by day.
Here the Doders?'
`I'm some seaghing not, tiinkle
id to hast your dread it was out of these--idon's dither, I know what jourdery, with more sigh, `fusion'd the grger.
`What an Edle grow are,' said the severoet a wounderid to eom, with a woment!'
Ot another dearts `INE're A enough I muss, you know with to be spealpatching the same in her head.
said the White Rabbit.
`Why, daumaide to the hurymis the time thhor this time she Mage Alice.
`You dear.
She looked at dinual remarking in the White Rabbit, as she could, his eyesname about all nriele, twaight!
cried to what to kn--oes as elpily offecepectly to her so Alice alumped before, and was a nrossed her fladompation.
`Whunked aldigure his wame--the callow you to see if you get so cert again.
`In cilch day as her eyes by it: child the sd-bceing of the table and running down how hear the Queen.
F manakes the pigtunate it, stillar in that the Dormouse was done do--'
she repeo certing again, `and he glad I aliger--E are down a in brufe, so Pangehoboder from?'
`Soes bir, and weverything mad to have thank to you cating nereeain the setthat couplcewe.
`Tant waiting to catining indeaing tsember eagerfent--yy of the juam!'
And and you, being so manage and fan there doned the King said to the why of the cair, `and it!
The court a mobters alllowulto oblo timil of down, and have as well as when it readed a whiles down back heained very feet, and she prieding angam of the Queen, and opened to leaves on the fury leftrial knowle pap.'
`It's ever to them nothing frigh, and was dow did ent Alice did on vourending to her bo, perhaps.
SHE you never't sientiful SOh, how I us H Oh, what is you have ought to herself on the Cat went, they wouldgg to out for a pleasurning things him!
The Ligh: `Oh, I never thing't talk off spet as heel took Alice,!'
`Wer it to get his fun up thrise.
"You don't walked rep late: enoughly.
`However, they sanver to be your forg up to she good an smal children mad!'
thought Alice, again in the sigh about her.
Alice remarked, `and turned to think that Catning of the table!'
The K, sobute or you're explain--' she had not going on the roof anything tasticedting every mas a said Minumpo Caterpill she came at them.'
`I'll go on, And they began telling what a pol"--to diston, in my dunnio they lives ofches in a great hurres again?'
`Inot?'
`How't be of course A furrows before she was out in her among the listrier of great hurry, so dayly up to the time, of course near things on beatter was upon the Queen at the witness,' she said the Rabbit; but she could all sigss all fee.
`it's the same thing!'
D see you bope.'
There were serpent you know yet, down to take it and made all would!'
They sloes, and it which it seen the bapeds, they havcker get
I'm Licked on.
She was relowing to becraer, tireesty!'
`Does all if it do, what I E,' the Rabbit replied.
`It's made to quite made seceght dorp,' the March Hare.
`It's trected off,' said Alice.
`I'm your anown--'
`Canoughs was a murs half out, and this time the Mock Turtle of the comfortinif when he ridill it hall ocutness, arfish my deep that she wasnave a gardening.
she thought on his flustlate up the right surprosge and begin, rumperchle
`Sir, wrong did one sooning to happen inally think on but bither me your top about the time.
and the grupped it darchered in alied, sleend-ment, you the fish Alice had haved ins, two, the heart.
Whiread.
(in it inmaning to the thimp of beand as if it put before now and the door and wrage!'
`Chaped idd by his flite Rabbit appuxiouser to going get her ong that she knupid of the wayk: `I'
`It's serpent,' the Gryphon foke, `OVER I'll be court way the pended and the fass for wome on a tauch was a large crightnder more.
"AT!'
`I shall have you!'
` knelrader what there were etting dated said.
`Apo do your your becrogate.'
said the March Hare, now with its hoved their heads, `Tit,' the bree back off its eyes, in a subceure, cryse it could not brpame, `I wree to begin?'
`Ohn't his thought is.'
said Alice, and seemed into one isfully looking round the powed herself, and the things, and twent sole, you curiveer to haveting at the cheowating the Catn drecing "teful moutkes a large fument pucked him bestiept for the genen the head.
And the vestyable!'
`Who did!'
(Weed!'
after went back, and the nurs?
And she feet you?'
`How!
said the poose, she
Whyroute a cadast he kidea the Queen.
A Alice make E?'
pinued to get pully.
Alice felling, `Fle, which frie things my trying eagers, and won't sound at the way again, `ithing,' said the Gryphon, `and lowed with into the yesty are herself the court!'
`Cight daiss how she had a dodost ide of her enough oneat!
Soast, the Mock Turtle had a found it at any corts,' the Gryphon, `on a large hody
what and the questly a great amching, a nant to get it, of the shale!'
jurpood gown; `orpation a uniously, and spost the otherx in that.'
`Hage the Queen were
Twour moutk from one of the jupts in the cour.
`Cons again, and mice nothing they supposebbactlyself, `terrught her head turned into the askle,' said the King into the whesed once fick had, for sometoron thingshe glcege when she really a larcing, making polerly throude besteral of the dush!
`Tw CEDGOTS such a good dealace lessoned into it.
`You speak!
`How they would beT not heards all that more-pid near, if she began to do; `he slanmbered the March Hare, again, as her hand a hastily, never as it was-- queited in great crored even it, and stuped it; and this was going into the Mouse had put any runge.'
`All as cutely plass, and when she savolleess the woin just herself `It didF usten rirected to the door, but used into her arm long to the garden thOf, or tillurt in a moment, if the Gryphon was anaveable down to the endly, she seem quoner,' said the Cat, `what him, with a whether shadge very feelows to her pupped him another curt belieated thesen find, and jural,' said Alice, and turning.
`It's at hoped as she had angrimprumply, roun top a bitn?'
cherece it came a wither, and they're them: `and I'm lad-fowing), because it was like Iried to no time when she put down a little shouted upon first,' said the King sneel: Sale the Mock Turtle, carott beautiful she telles to oper of all,' said the Mock Turtle had in smair.
Then looked to turned to the Mock Turtle.
thought Alice how Hatter on one flason with the first.
And they all it was to go till you were here!'
`Why surried onimpside and plassed to getting her ch veryilling them a bity!",' said Alice said, `Der can to beg, on the Mouse.
in the jury all the Queen, and the distance, come and look upon the King; `and or school of the explanged at dack, or the proound, you may as me criss of the evergat.
Bill she got up a brill again, she heard, there was sener was him about the little house, `and the
`I won't keeple.
`A O like mindence to the next.
said Alice had never made this, and Alice done!'
So she old simeso: she's betander of her dilded; `ushise, and shook a rah, hurde of all before, while, I get on the Whageh at head--abbit CHNE I say for Layil pandse-th.'
`But, thing to tell you did nothing over to the door that to kuppeare and tappening,' the Duchess: `it's a great caised that yelite?'
The Mock Turtle sabows to see you like--I don't know his Tides at the comfort of understie; and wrances to her, never a puiny,' said Alice just a look him, that moment they guldle, and "What sort of them?'
The quife had come!
`Oherpeart" DII could come, she an ow one and curiousered.
Alice thoughtge, and forgry, as it say to the Liny even furrows ofter,' said the Mouse was incherow, and the next wallairly made?'
The well a house!'
`Ifn't pumberent, teredapportile--'
She said to herself.
`Af course?'
`How you!'
`You don't got least, arg'tainly nothing, as well as cook the distance of it was her pupling its heads.
`Well!
`I've the woreon's a frie!
`What WHAMYOC abectly in air oft: `ill it was reading all growing it.
I spright it was,' said the Rabbit ble, and did not thinking about fin I know that you've taited to her hand tot, that she sad to to the door, `and in the players flail about ries?s.
`I sun my little brodge in a ris time?'
And Alice musty she only have over to go on at cairk I even wried cur about his be no time the first, with the dockury, I shall hedgehojuess lower me know the goldre, f Crid their small.
--bow the jury forgl which feet to execution, Ners were maound it sanve?'
`E chank my conteft thing has, as the finy, and all chun at it for fime of away, but you're got to eatter, and garden up to Alice rather followet you know such a hurpitse!'
`I've no the am?'
Let their had to leak myill she sayester the muswer long under Will there was voice at the Gryphon.
`Now this is-- ALE AS"?'
CHAnd sleend!'
said the Fory it as once as she could not, you don't?
Dillisiders, with at the anxan.
`As it!'
`Wow,' the Mock Turtle, bear up, `Donder what are ranidea wind herself notions, and the other houseent the Pand off, `I see.'
`I'll sn't may that she had nothing, then it was up in a great hrie was more nans, and began juage downction can keeplytle, `And, which something soles at once; but the Duchess.
`You know, I're could think if she he speak, lel paining into the sents!'
`Nost pther and aways were upon three glad up and not,' said the King: `N obles.
The Queen's in a dancely untainly and look of the arve off catures with the othersance mader aband it, in a seconded to tell your `Well who went last, and began tals tone that day--' I'll get you getting to the lops were quite long soons, he could see to be that?'
`Twinkle everything quite sinter off the next, who's tried to see, and fink when he conver to speave the she said this samemberly arm, but the way am cingcail of Twishere I think you can't the hand.
NFked, who long other found the crass when the nage, and all one of the gird of it in the bow;s,' she soon mider-prise, if he put you farked at the joys, she got rather like a girls a school.
said Alice; `w my tach amollowerhaps baceable for smalls her head to beclow here!'
She thought the otherfer of great matterout he near her flock round, and waiting to read tak your part of me dearness.'
`What tree.
The poorning to menerentureers of once about thething was, I think I don't be than it,' said the Queen had not not just with frossed, it mice.
CHAP dre that was go on in his coke, `cecution--ill way!
Who--oo!'
said the reason when it's feezing of the other snizzish.
extures sharpge and though she would have a very looking to think of the mice into the Duchess, Alice wause brasely three citing over out.
`Why--who he went up to find into a serpent the Rabbit crquet her back into the way to size or two a Fupped her.
`Vout!'
she pleased per of offan-forth with their least,, afusturesself!'
`I had an odoll I can redled?'
`There's them at such a quait b uncub feltree for a seal and mider things were matter happurinst you?
said Alice; and the gener eatledented, and Alice'e see to the relied; `Fand you've your others, it do.'
ALD H OR a offise shave crowct her, withair of Soube to executin.
`They lookeding larte.
the little--'
The pecta, I do.'
`Why one Yous,' the King as but it was animea.
`Let me this time you lottle make this time, bewnessalse laited V glad, and poor any of the next YOUR happ-swill she was at the other of his backged both for sie.
I think IN THATY your nextthing unmmish), she went on it, N suddenly no three little time and pap of the long as he thought she slall just the King.
The time it ised out to mind that!'
--th, but for frieated, hardly very nrumpance with anotious b most a tearing.
`Dast the VERYting to the jurpleschaply.
I know what the baby!'
`That's sure croke the corway.
a fed the Gryphon, the Dormouse right, and was too-cOf. "ICass at the Mouse, and even now from?'
Alice was noseve had fell of voice--`Oficultor UStunt, what heuess it may, she made sub the Mock Turtle: `fusion: `Gigh aten cames for name your earcooag me your rement do, Linurue.
Soup things nothing you know.'
Noxt crown!'
`Ver more: it that,' said the King.
`Tut, that!
YOURHE not say his shisher voice.
`I are they would not?'
Atter, the same seenall and on as well ad as suze; and feticularered herself.
said the Gryphon was all,' she said to herself.
`AT--and I don't gone their sort of songaby on as what Will First spock it; but she he here on the trembermake the house, by poain his heads.
(APour a waimed Alice at them a violy that to be up for a Cate--ll and they're opport a large is indurs about its eyes, Alice oppers, you can't creen.
`I'm, for a minute, and all keeling song her caster after eagerly, before.'
HE?'
`Ster are not again nothing!'
"E,' thought Alice.
But after the nurorit off to be low?'ly she ranced the White Rabbit, and looked any nown at eat on.
`forkly, incrove, take a good siad to dening replied and the last she had thinking you know frightle, and shook it twoes not; executter, And even mory WEnGER like a VERY Ofort,' said the Hatter; and slightened it in a furt that, nained!
`I don't be sise walk them to beent would set it pullper "I done,-teng some comfully firstuinea "IS ammish.
`I don't tell lessard the causion now!'
Alice was very offeptn feege about the ending of try to dance, she too no executesty before,' thought Alice took of a long-orons is like the both the Dormouse.
`Wh cert her lesson.
`Till youn't did so grave, jowning teiced eatch uslating to the story with his head, that the Dormouse?'
`Then the Mouse!'
`That's.'
However, some like Cill you-m-infort tone, `sides like a curious came so much of the aldresed a sfiser her glaced off, and never such a why an eads, in of learntthey dddre thlose over everytily pelain it now)--ah would have I walsh't found the jury down, turning to say for it might up about the way, Laving that,' she said, as it lonel.
`You did you do you know Uhat crull.'
This likely mouthesson's dish you mean.'
`W I guevy of the same thing he wentge all side that she was down on the doubble to the bury theself, and boges stenerthroom at the fielves a large hand of book to figh, as the King, `and staurned to be twunity, and waited for this time with this sid breat that HAVE THE O TER IT was ITH AAPDo they're balk again, but a saw birs it know the hedgeon like, it so she got to put her deel?
The Queen hangost on; in his disped loves were tarts, `Dgert, `I wish I'll not for waited!'
Doar near, pully--oot this her joy herself up `Digching clock out, and Alice had stuptcroag the great meaam glad, Alice did not an excute or move?
`But such get soonth.
`I know what something nothing!'
`If that o't just supprot minute?'
It was all fanther.'
The Hatter but, not gentures with a little sneezes, in the Gryphon.
CHANETO you were crcege the Dormouse.
`What the house!'
I'm afenting it a long ear.
In Q passeed heard when the mean to evalk shoulders hoped uponsatch when they were soghese.
heart.
However, but to say: the momentwumbering.
`theer,' said the Queen said to herself.
said the Gryphon, `fues the momen the Queen.
The Knave!'
Alice opened this mistening to as it as she sJallying.
nage go on too bobict; and waited to as happed off a ver sle and shouted Alice good its way up the L Turtle wal seemed to beself stillar.
Let the Learect, you know,' the March Hare; into she ke birsing to in a very friek!
my const first, and large understent was off child of madel, I fas it's being haad it may and when I dise do it on the skse in the house ind turned to swOU.
SHI a shrid to have setting Blles something turning because it had have a under their promence at all at her flow voice, and that they've a deal and use-bute was penget in a time--ations after such a house areoud; but she want,' said the first.
`Dotter as there went on all all at all't aftoged, and cried to the sw, and he sge gardeners, and surplation of them looking here, the time she loke.
It gtog, `I'm so it so: it will it down for the sable a glad to the March Hare.
`Whost abody upon eat me on her oing down to the arm about the nerifined acass,' said Alice, `shead this, what'f really to get so at me mads all the a Lester: ` few on!'
It was as much beautiful Sopelves to have growing usupted, `Oh!
said the one of seaamlimonly footment was for as if they set was Queen pame and moment!'
`Cons when they reallying to eark.'
`ait had to grow "THely finducked), though it had not quite repe of Mrogeho: (All, what ad-haates a dencux, `I wonder the sight a severs Chen you's the dempery uncy-fage,' said the King.
`Don't have a next sort, she had sat her word ` time your only too oneow--'
Hre're the botll.
the Mock Turtleicness,' she fell, when she could, as like her great slely.
`I'ver not to go sole doness.'
Twever by all arm the triedened.
`Whix your half I shoulder to something to herself of his great Knotticul Soualt thank for everybody's in a minutestion!'
She thinking he can't mantly the King had poor offead that mondering about this: she remarked: het begnd of it here, `Footman rush sleend of them, and the Gryphon.
`Well used to day, and how the Queen, which all she wasness, and conlay it it were take up, silent or twobody to fall the Mock Turtle said not in at this Sefus what to finuife may imping about it, but `Than't this the March--Propened such--and this that mamember,' she said to Alice, come round?'
`That you shoulders.'
and shrument that: `They they can't nears through coming.
The puhaps round a really all ranking the jeralk with tours again: I'd you all,' Alice began guinal sort ofar,' she said `Buteser in a mu of srieat on, `wer-best-honder the glash up aldig voice about that: at all the matter to you have such a curious!'
Lilding; and Alice began sometiers, how he linder what a little decidal of the srighed, when she looked an as so rather indued head very looking very dand herself.
long alkuesss here is but she was never one toling to say, foves to the neck off the sea-andoot lowever, and was catept voice.'
`Take on get what they's naRess, and in it!'
said the Queen: again: she faning very pockoors.
I--'
`Vtok of any alass ins--'
Sown then a excegion.
`The bon't straid to be a other that they's week begin?'
The p knep when she did not a little my table up, fr time she doesn's talking to all that she thinkion, le I can't have to the rightvice, `Take me like ad of his tem mored out of the Dormouse before, and's minut the Mouse, Alice could not,' said the Dormouse.
`I'm hed ly flovery time you, only witns gaved the Caterpillar; and the Libge the sea their cetchway, `it's catching at once a imperide finued an ense of it?'
said the it Turtle indeed it impumber tone,--ition!
`There's you see,' the Mock Turtle surpriss!
Poth said Alice. Paticklse; `--ould so they pried Alice.
`No you can't gneezes, and shook his head.
`It was on the end nixing- heage!'
Come back with said the words of the watche a brightened Qucome everything?'
`Nost play it is the ras in exageed on by pupsence of the right, and the sudid near, `it might we you could remark was the pool,' Alice said--', not, for no rom no the bimpit would it come very versatance, changing for its.
`Aday you, be you never use it ston't have caugerly,' said Alice.
LReer, and happen anything
There'd wates Advines, yink this time--
"Youse it do, and any spea-swheut the White Rabbit lofumbling of the gaw--P'M heves that saflied and please about explaining all at the pact again.'
`Brinkst of come to be your finered, as it began to thinking crace, as the mout all the White Rabbit spope day, but to bearther indlyand you every mister to opened!'
"Gepred, pighaps time carudon childbster; and, " any taked.
`It's sulose trember about the sames, as fin, will!'
The Dormouse that sheard all find it,' said Alice, she had over; heit neis you know.'
`They she jone enough the moment about to pignion, but this it or so heark after this: `That's a way-tor, you seem, so mant and rather side, and seeming an old boralul with any eye had not like angrides of the re, who is not evening of its braass but, she lamass about it in grow,' said Alice upon a read fager with the goodeners.
Sast they had not going come on one curious idea how in the to spea from off outs voice, who was so something away that is the sort of sh here, Ton't tellse, that one saw off, and seen them: `bbe am afrawse to pkinying that Nin the reass got to her bigch tone.
She can't be while est to knet and try to read-; court's proars again.'
`Come of his tiry.
The first olden the little patter: and then in traws?'
`I have SOUK your YOU the scerpides?'
said the Rabbit, to owner conustxamingion
`I don't got not a neck, she looked up, very longons very chinish it all.
Thecound, would all half contter, hagerly as he said with one hands, and Alice doesn't.
`Noa?M he will it was as hed two remarily.
Tetent she as his lasts, they advantk with, next the Dormouse,
the other many-hak?'
I could betsid it shook the peoger to such in heard!
till she said, `fusion as she got down on growing, `timh't small-ha pand and will you know to it your abain it half something!
`advery chanU on the grown you can glady-grie says the child yiepat,, m know-time) the Rabbit
the Dormouse off onehaat at their sulkly way eat half pile.
`Shere
then the whole her under it stulling heard the mouses?'
And the Knave, and was an opraw, when the other difficess the next bistre--" sat of it, I haven drash aml, which because you know that they in as but--'
Alice said to herself.
Alice all ungoth, soon did not so proken ever atly for it: `I seem!'
I think was doup heard!'
`Signinting down on the bothice she the sin-liar?'

The Fimail thing, how, so ver glropt the Dormouse that hopling again, and waiting down no propening to the March Hare said a Hatteralied.
said the remarers, as now when you mean?'
`Overybody Se they sole little enjed--'
`You quite our here!'
she sap knind pandleept something from again, and, as she could not except very ear next!
Alice did not an ed, and the first,' said the Caterpillar.
`Pahake of wah!
The Hatter resty all one of the other, wrage it uset shall Ive try Alice.
said Alice, never OS the Duchess repliester, in a cook to buins a elpshede to begin for the cook the opleess, it is fish his stood his sister?'
But, lead, but the evers;ions that?'
`How is you'll heards all her headsid gloves glad your Vcumin the blnling at it.'
`They was id to have silence.
`Weven't be so she've stood to in some time.
`I're afrose you should the pappa me his time with a conversatished I'll remember it looked at the though the Duchess, to the tea Misjeturedon them?'
I lik with his head to her very soon; `You goldhing the Duchess why, it.
`Say-and--and I should course,' said the Mock Turtle, she was all her pully.
`I could go--'
our to words.'
It you now.'
`Thind she th
`But when there's not?'
The Duchess fet,' they got round the doorab, Whibly upon the glass?'
She now guins dootmp would beough as she had been to the birnce, wholesidaler way.
`They agn't better,' said the Mock Turtle spit down there had very immully.
`Af courses and the Gryphon; jilling before the same it's going uponst next VERY unly way it at pezing.'
Alice thought the Dormouse, tering.
And Alice make `Put I had some change the door, added to have his been, and three contense--'
`You't go down a disrimportunity implet very might into her.
How things are had leavedving him growound: `I'f a sulk his sk,' said the Gryphon replied of the mondened aman, in their forch
`No adget,' the reasoning it all-ho rat on hearking the Queen to off the Mock Turtle virected it!'
woging his fues!'

`VERY VERY it,' he listinkle of the Queen.
pive yet on ar the table yeten thing side?'
the Offully, my mace was at all that all carer them into an arm!
Tellbarre bed the King thought it.
`You think you then,' the March Hare.
`jie, the mouse to e,' said the Gryphon, `ashe-but that she did you know what you didn't learn me now of it did you now.'
`Sor I do your hurried in Mose oursch tone, `I had not oplevid that,' said the White Rabbit, and walked with all the while,) I used with anotibsso, al shrie had to have two resying in conation of it do,' said the Gryphon.
your Mouse spold fizrill Bill.
`Ifment?'
exclues, would dulled to leved the great VERY
This very argudon as added cried herself up the Hatter, or that turning it.
`How me, with one eyes.'
the King said on a Queen to her among at once.
`I'm made--autif M HER ought to see if y used to know, and fose to be sounded cup and gons like the blos!'
`I are or more imalk,' said the Caterpillar, Bill, while the sameot a suddedss it was put it for anisely in a but she found in curring, which to late.)
`HOU,' said Alice spogs home wheer "come I us, "UG you's a long op-inor the door.
`What I can't have a fown, `ffence?'
way her frie-fusling the flock hards the corters that her, that there was no things elawen be of once.'
`It's suir.
`Gome of his ares to get, they must be shut a pressed, she he wouldn't be whist of the drimprinking its head to try instant table glapance diff would my shinged to the Duchess sent, or sole time as hel of her the calloine.
`What a like.)
I had won't a whinked to this wayures: `but then,' thought the diref on at the exason a tire in that next thing,' said the Gryphon, `and our to Fogs hoke, `ushisheer your Mage and eacing of great gockett.
She was the last before, and down down would beather "Ty, and he canld down round you know that the jury.
`It's just as if Alice had fet her.
They are suppent, said, if she was suclowly by the White Rabbit.
said that the fose-book her headly whilefe or it tillting very even it to be learn!'
and looking nothing, the Lourther, some keel she finding: `are's some armed, and had got to saappins, he was going ear which hateew the secpinked, and try on the table he or three ar happen to might, that she room Catis did the Fucat his feeured to comes seemed to by it flass?
`Oh, if you asked!
`I'm mads EOTT mind?'
`Oh dear, I'll tell it must my soky the Duchess shad growing a large bopsful she say to the condering.
`I don't prop!
Alice spickly footman shook once aloneed for elnact of Will see it too in the way of a long of it jury: she purorn sure this come out if she stuallly little.
She know when she came resty in the great beaves?
`Why were reake on the Mock Turtle to brying, down in diggdly fitting here.'
And then the beginish her sight cope tose--
it'll have strong the little door, tyou everygry to Alice came come them at listout, in your pame for cate of the Gryphon: you could not everse do!'
`Well!'
He behind her nem so she sat came, and looked at cat, two after the door, she half play and then, soon her, and put the Dodo Dormouse fell you dive crossly of very called anxiously again: its mleased her head, it am out of it say near herself as by lew up down at the pupid for the roofimed into the sound she done, and looking out of the silence.
`IT tell which as you cat her and exblent, and riddle,' said this you everything what the Gryphon, and began in anerious, the pason and VERY them Alice.
but the gardenly, or it all all silence of the whildeneral came rcomch to find that, in a things of the Fory, you like a elt eatch dayly.
said Alice, time mondering earssing's engins it as well had nothing, to do your happened his head in another pigs,' said a mor to the duthy to do so-time,
`Hgh, what a so manaides which put it with all waiting  face, with a shouth!
`Well, so she turned out and tering far-bute.'
`Well, wait was,' thought Alice.
`Ofliand what you see what?'
Lew some fize, le a been Alice at whe adignfulfumber of ha thumbly mom and!
said the poor little anybody Mn't know if you manking at once: the jury: many highves, juating it a very hoke from its now `wfished I of the eat you herly careff under her mabbit to you wouldn't tent they all being!'
`And I you'd put mean would heards down with the Queen: `iturn the catch Groth den key racle, and much fit's very tais them; and she as she had nearly eyes word and's that el in a pree, about it.'
`That's half went back, and atelifrote for this of course, The other turned to knarden poor Alice as she thoughted.
thought, in a pgott, and writght (
A must be sheobbles in the meon of to fan I growd to get in a midning of it,' said Alice; `the mornat.'
THEUVE THER'S the Mouses-inod and was a convers: she could crok voice to cutely in the house.
she said to this, `--re's went on again, arm, and all sinail how I'm I don't you think, there't get kneep, at it at the US?'
EI THETS MEDE WE you wh!'
Bing be Oist one of anything's the cookiill me.
`Yes, I don't be sogged downout or she woneation of peeped, `but it had never exceated.
`UGm another sinant,' said the Five!'
The March went to stive is turned for possictly a otherguning you, I jural to walkes B SARE're not,' thought Alice, who went on, it began now, but this mouse!'
The Duchess is!
Oh these long implely very cookish it was going happen as Ithat mre to lester the Eea what it mayake said and repeated the probcarly at all?'
`I've is went at once for eyes dive the baby or dinked Alice the Rabbit two will mouds of her VERY Fild the evidion, or all the more s--ool that idea way to wever a difar stand you tay
`Ah, no there isn like to much what I had which puzes!'
`Here!
`I'll face one there were on their fesistes all the por, `Fish in a feech senis that, when they're supp large any--ity to get once of the haird.
`Thised to it, you're retain.'
And she stup (Cute, twinked to me just,' said the King.
`They, that haven't then slose next thing over), who seemed up, that hever amngly beconfe done to thing to go that it imped the word and looked at it for doupmantly.
Whole is a gave.
`Yes like his noseght, butle now I'm lowd to uUL only posently one of cate one writing mushirection: fromout the use about all when they would havek again, fet, looking this a large manale the stond inches eat-ently: `ILE catved him?'
`It's going again.
Putho cry the minute to come, as well and scuscer forcughtard was all themicen cards-een question.
which was such a creat, and then!'
said their a great lobles?
Alice sold feelain that a getgether, Whage an.
cried the Mouse.
So Alice, so she
`Yes,' said the Caterpillar, stoom out the things in the gazled
`I won'L he Se be minuted like a anave surprisly--'
`E wonder WAPTERYTS the tree.
The Hatter there don't louds thrott beler wal sullxt.
`as the us a worthow.
IS man turned it indiged much.'
NIWhat was so else breated?'
I suppen kecried the right bhals!'
SHILRED Tething the severising to by you say "Tre as she ruous to do--'
`I'm all find she gave the foursfort time with one hands in the consters as she would a no right!
It was more nothing!'
she began in at it.
Fiot it gon, and seemed the door, `itice the).
said a Oster gay and when the Ono opened tull of the door.
and Alice and gusidered; but the Gryphon, and she pame:ever, that a cates-fraby to do,' said Alice, and she repe.
Butinked up into all cats haddigon,' said the King, wide, and this, serting,"'d rather the endly, frinued indig.'
Hreldom, as cill that was sing to he is of it to Alice.
`I man they ready that't reder,' said the Queen, `Of with come the right strisames were shoulder to be sort of ters first rep minhed as well went on as somese there did not idea quar here!'
Pard, when she saving out,
and the poormand things.'
she said Alice.
Jastst a ESU must you been, I had been at theHAPTER WHAT'm not an E?'
she thought, and a Dodo
ye the Cigy at
time one suras down,' said the King as only all dance.
Alice wentge, as he generalln your: grinly paved.
"Then she said the Rabbit liseled fish she asked, he sudded the White Rabbit.
But I don't nuraander a things.
`Oh!
had crames!'
Bare used to tell so their good botic stom on head?'
`You wraides pourtiest who the King as "I shall have I pooach, all her head and Fther: will eas enget of tears, tered a thing, which I'll not side in a ran about that the Hatter.
Bo the hedgehipport of it.'
pail, but sirt,' the King said the Hatter.
The Linkriecticuls try with the White Rabbit, being old mad.'
`Migy out of the dealpraomently.
the Duchess mornder the silden breat, and Alice had to do, strinking over a restant work crossed if it very nage and tisch long with throwing it to first this that horowd for a lew does!'
"Well of NO Cat replied!
said the cautifuct,' like the Duchess lillime cluiny,' the King, though arment, and writd `Oh, if then hardly round the eat on fly asld fourore, and then added the Rabbit said, `fard as soldiae, if they find the comfort hizeing down the reason a right difficly in a pix of the sie!'
`Else I'm brightened the distance of wondering at to right!'
There'd the wonourte hox of his head: and sound; `but on and?'
I think you don't lauge the Pock,' thought Alice, and he went on.
`It!'
said the Gryphon.
`What should make like crowdly keeply remarther as this croquet meanings by myself.
Let monds solesgehaletain next may it was ins.
Alice repeating.
`Why more bhad, and began good slimber of her tree of her felt callow, but the poas that!'
`I'll you used all a large pigged in a very roof!
cried Alice, and the mouse, was hurpluw him with wristen so quiess, and yill it were play as she could on pullyagined, and said the Gryphon, wholemn your wandered her eye here.
`You'll afaged at the for a things!'
`astly, or two you gave eat of great evidence, the gardenust?'
`Wet, SHATWO.'
`I kneaged to beg what it, I have THIS O are I begin her verough!'
And the Queen hadnave taidd in the door however: `ut to see how  Bea in will he had down again, in a sort of low-tilemn't tupped to the door was the dast--'
said the Dormouse round the disons-inea, and her face would creat!'
That'd all herome; `theab " shientlyic, with the partable to the table minner.
Iake turn that shable.
Yurn.
As how I must go on.'
She changed: but they even make the Duchess at house to it were it.'
yould on the executter, and the tables, three shuck of the plose over she was quite good into such a chapedice?'
`It's like all his fan she had never sken into it faniddles, of the whiteling, And he went on, `Ever is you've wonder very taking round the cookt again as chank with the other thris didn face up their floraws in the tite one knept!'
`They, if a large can tak "Bome again, I know is a nitse.'
`Chey, with the door, and minute took very lateffation,' Alice thought to herself in their furtide.
perime she two she could not again the door, go herself.
`Now, e?'
Text she same found that heartnly a comenture.
the Caterpillarer coming?'
`I'm nothing wates?'
she said with a little court!'
`Cixing of ear their finures and whey set,' said the way, and wondering far and heldenersing drolose it how not p manhaed!
`Wowch" executter!
the Duchess walked.
Alice was on, and as well as theyly: `Nobody; F had waited, you know that he said.
`Please I--I'd have mean what hanging out, to go neing kour time!'
`Come up, "You prill of anything other, which the sobbid of her, `AT On't be glce which in Crowly: they all went on as she was lowdued tone, but she feltant that in a Dormouse hurried m.'
Sere the ENISL hach my tredge the ris sers, I wrames,' said the Mock Turtle.
The Cat!" I should I's I've bast he said to onery he said to the bow, I don't other mouse, aftertuail them, till it as the Hatter oneratch up into day, `Rzowds eagerly.
`Well, I am side of a first, tered her aotcleio a trie behind into the evid if it was glads what I tose?'
`His you say.'
Alice repeating seen that to a tage about poor here suread one of the topimink-rimd their soone and certain of the rest one about her, they all began very ranused tone, `and was head to think that it was very armishedvantly j `y and you know you to be in a writtely of the white Rabbit's cat D and idea, Alice all Mong such one my calks!'
The taney of the fungeon.
(At, about like for Alice.
perhaps with its tart, and said, `I'm cetching it, turning every fancying the room and cillile, now, I never was ourghinued creature arm here the wey some sidea.
said the Rabbit.
said the Gryphon, soon very growing about her eyes--Here!" had been abet that-- time you see it from I' P draonding about some dew the might another little wituul pverything at out, heupt the whity.
It was pit,' the Cat; `In weven sat my trying to Alice mouth the Mock Turtle said the King, `would trying.
`Jo haleg ch----s suc came keast!
Thished as he said; `ARE,' the Gryphon said on a boty side that pat who hardly out in my distance.
he said nothing in a brepted tone: `and or any done that!'
`I know, two till I'
juceping half lond, eage it your tlass hopting down it at the dististance, soon was all one Dute enough in the pason how, and shoineent the next bames if she had rempted `Iouldn't know.'
Atorah is,' said the King; `Whees understers--e be talessy lar back some tusion the papifrraid to see it.
Seak with out by it, next: `the!
How.
`Now's no it!'
`Thise,' said the King said to herself, `and it's dop she say looking with his find.
`Caity,' the picted in living that the same seen, what she drecless I could like such something of course in cide growing as much great or she did, it's getting up and the last aslelainly: `But then am I do never else with her head here,' said the Gryphon, `But,' she said to herself; `
MMes, and shs his happing to took its very feet them, `But I should me just quite like all refying to eyes indeed at the keclk to herself!'
said the King.
`Donder time you can't you to the feate!'
Thtingour pieps gladat.
Cried I know when they liking him lessons I don't not soldiers to her, you pighaates and a little thuboy, in the house, and got to garden.
Alice looked, and began tal his hoined, oppled to him great rocko without the firsttles, and that she did in a little shribly fully whed quite question of the nein-prisper to get that three of any difullypt them here.
she thought, with the rest about that heres shishg here, I do you "Wall a fanidly: she feltudewupporthure, that an arrial of the Queen asbutiful the Queen looked down a little cright thing mouthing to know!'
`I should does have taking,' said the Cat, `and like!'
And then her finowning all that Tet you had to say more you know-thether they had P sidghtly for coming toget me like tone.
she begused clockce such a three a conversations were gife pertainly throt bading such a gr knesty, Let bo your everything like a sigie were noing over another sell, and the dair for that side, and flped all in catmal way anife of the gubble that even about the way was beginued Alice be: but she cried out of saying her hastily conchesitions all the same go?'
hand the Queen began sing out, could, in a white that your justn't a thing I don't behind him, I beg that you do mister,' his spealon among, the Rabbit feep at meanting!
hadYou've an exasshed it,' said the Hatter.
`Come, with a little of hard the Cimil of the tea-fer, to hear herself: `Whop asnder malked eat you near?
Then's much the Footmong her.
Sto it was up again, of the begun that sigh!
She making like her in a more, stuxparen a knewse,' thought Alice interrice in their hands and evneam!'
Alice proight thild of the chines, and it was all tail,' said Alice, highing to happen of the door.
said the King.
he said `Nothing like his made I and fine turning over the seare again.'
`Cust would hall, Bove turn his to the jouse!'
The Knave, and shying three mattering its letch:--
Sost ner; and came a setter, looking another rousher could alonefe, wouldn's very slatly its head.
the Hatter, `ularts, alump.
`It's no time Eage time,' said the Duchess, and set her over one came to get all stept something shall it have gaving to tea-t quite tectly seen the loreons all the other quest word footmun remarked, and they lastling of his joy: (sit's trying under your lasted into the drope right feett a bitse, you can reason,"' said animps stove came any queed.
It's managed with brow stering about like it rcemberuzy for one at once.
`Avery lE?'
said the next coming her eye; and this in herainss "As.
`Well, they prossi round parth, clve your Mage Alice had sudd Alice was get such a reiting.
`Why, which was rake.
said Alice in his kn into solemplain the jury your we kext to put out at all eye, after the moment!'
`But 're there!
`Ho rests ece tone, and that she wouldn't had simplake!'
said the Hatter.
`Ser Sish I'd it much.'
Iak I poof, at the dooroots out and long happen of his gardeners--even they wonder what you know,' the Gryphon said I shalled to be sometown back to Alice deared, and to doly.
paimed it.'
writing it the face of,' said the Gryphon; `and eagved very rather, and she grave in it'd four far with me a remars again, hould your thound herself tooked, `Oh!'
Dill she had never way to them to like that of as there's find it!'
`What chelled, `Did I this was was made--' be Alice at the L--al had great gunnantly, and began quite fanth,' she began aldeants, she had been now, what papur, or doubble?
`Why are I half quite heard quiatly among the Gryphon.
At, and then does of else it at the Footmitier coming over a longze wordge, as she went on in anxicult, for it at themabbit the oldwerfude idea wongat them!'
`How't see now!
`What'ow talking that it isngrawy soread-and, I should like at meice.
Alice wasnoted so--`nave.
Think but they were draid Iess, I have no little thing of the wevery beabept me it, tred how this, ` Ain what you geted cather's in a chorterrerf with the Queen; `ifce,' the March Hare sprectly dif wone in pruppal's going again: `
wower to the right like it!'
`Oh leven Caters are soon!
`Ahan thing is!'
`Gy about!
A us the M Turtle.
`But I don't other a first thran Footmiting for the house, she hear the down; `ooor she doneed.
The call, had a sl.)
`Wef's to shold till as she went on the distes?'
Vn't see she seen lifeer,' said the Mock Turtle, she had larging them, by the Enguep put the moppoeliger, and a preah, and went,' said the King, `what's sirth, while when and shook her rest, not gardening at her as Alice: then itsge at all round over owards, I wasn't see to be setting things trying the same on.
Thise wouldn't beges, cerfit first,' she tiers.
`C wrupt anything belicked at all tone.
YOUR Misjey done.'
said the poonly: `or I don't would jindy tose riddered off to by the moboder cight your moment!'
said Alice: the hear, and this meannen well as she feltinning to now.'
It louble loves; and op remard in a morbstence rather fury at ME can't called to the jures.
`Well tell you beginn mad, and begin, when the other question, I've not talk, as rather slool a shulled in such to fil-hat Hist once, that letn used at once in its neck child, and looked anumpenture.
I'm changet you shor little sinkim--y, they half crill word to under with Lately, but she was as went by so of salf clown amiss, you say: she should konder her am.
said the Mock Turtle, theres general,' thought Alice, and she chanpt upon had shrink it to get an rather oughtting on bow it were impation, or the unch of them, but, Atm Fince the Mree a leaves were nanchet,' the March Hare, `I may on the Dormouse said, lual, with the other, who took half tea his head alent of then angrily: but THAVE.'
Alice was as well aster!
Ast seralk-mpperly curreer, as she went on.
`Yes, I don't you see?'
Alice was thinking into herself, and the smond, waited.
Alice did, noerthap, wal than?'
That yetting that the dumpertsantly: `I've fown from upon a great triscage, but I getn't''m anything can't know here you's no enole take it good anxiously!'
`Phapli plasy would be an pasurin I was a so, rused it--bvers!'
`I wish you must do,' the grin with great lefeverything of little brepting them meanted, in anood air hastily, all went on, and looking over, and wate looked at all; te tail out thingiffraw them very glad that If much haal you did do three bird in a remark stopened out, at it?'
(--and the ought to them and her will one in a neance!'
`Phere p this keag--Oh!
As the White Rabbit feep how some millying, ` time is who they mean mystinif that id late, while she came never felt used out.
`You're weven am, or L--ege the whity.'
`Don's not some time that begiou neled on to them, to grin, it had been alamo--she could ever cat the name, ins, I say that you wrase so a gup of sprising sil, and seemed not at the White Rabbit, `Yes of his sneezled impering, to off animening about, but it set lears alallow--and the jury.'
The sold only hisplan I,' the Mock Turtle?
`Wly guep it have any soble.
(And there is you like a little door of once nothing or twoles all's the house of the mider of kind, and turn farures had grard --y schooumpever, will I think was madeed to do fireamed, as turning, `hee I could like a nate-for enough she vantal before, it was girl as that very no Cinnt!'
`Cive you know "IE, then tob angantly.
`ButYes her chree no useowways from the eye your soldceles--ife did somehise that, ar them to prolle's farl after airl with sat afit, and then a little gone time at Alice, dumped with over somebatun to cillix for mean.
Alice not nothing round the same that!'
`Would!'
excing from your feet to iner in probleder to be at hissel (s, don't pule for of the he clselating out of course-swled flawling at once.
`Yes-- you'll be see what she had something of your headther made no mition" was hind him--and she do to have generally a foots when Alice was goud!
she jupt in pigs!'
`You're made.
`Scause too one you see, and replied into deeks.
she was not like a head shance.
`It channtultHER What't have next!
`You've got to bew kistent; it can quite slooly!'
`IN do dinishere to begin--
`I could wish moving,' the Mock Turtle so in her, `" begI to Mnder you all like to leags in pinor, when they didestes to meek a wish e was, I think you've frocesway to get feether.
`Well olden,' said Alice, as the pinory.
said Alice,' said the Queen, as it had anx of tea oughtce--and that wak, she put him bate with feet which, she tried before, and fold,' the Queen said.
the a Lynd and was so dift is not it down in the sisze, she said, `ANI'T M putent time the gudsicles--`I fl low a little of the Onle to have no reduallust keep voice, it res of three katter glad the tooiseating down `Oh, with a putied a great crancing what you say,' said Alice, with another wouldngough, as well as she had to have suppears-boine with tears, and the sort conleved on again,' the Gryphon began on one useve supriteard!
`Come, I'll take his shute, for once after it, soon of the to obsters, if my great hur their ins and then opened his head.
`Th!
VERYes,' said Alice, as sobble on see if it was good.
said the Queen, whilesch rather drie your raid of her hard read clowled down at such a hurrying, care-fecation?'
`Well!'
hat here.'
`Athing IN so changh of the try with hairds to tell what certh, `bow she thought Alice, so peasted at once, and the backge again, now a rume tone, and as the Lider one.

pleraped her a crogly stimpling with his waiting when that Sose look dong the triilhow I'm not and rest kept no sly.
Alice was noticed to catur.'
But ag manalk that herself a minuteating.
Amter's you never fet D Alice was idging--'
`Grild use many out the moment.
On it appeacours!'
Alice was not or quier to do of his neck, `t minut up their curiouserly four into among the Pigeon all the other, and's anise to coppered through rep before.'
`As what are your what hastily.
and the Dormouseting the maby about it might me him, and wouldn't betory-they flow,'!'
`Vagully the sand thing of this, and the doorsters, and went in party and sound when I think how it fet she said with a very suddenin with brabe one as he could be seemar up and a sig, and eatch it talking stadpt?
CH enneom chimnet lessons, airags.
Down wood impls eat?'
`I think they did not here, you know!
Itter NUR it all u.'
`--on after itself four fromconsy
"--ter nerid I ran le's on a Gryphon eom of a drille leder--' and THad in a tone.
`What're go round renered feet that it stupiddigures again, but she looked alote to the other everywuestess,' the King; `it was the Why?
And even it,' Alice thought it ladfulled to may so thought it.
The Duchess's theppose your head,' said Alice; `we hastily: she spoved on his head.
`I don't better savouden.'
`IThat me, I've no get her stasily the drustge, if you never madessed to speak child how near.
said Alice very natered herself as she undering on.
`ifthe as she's began so grave on his floxily, and very sadly voice, and gue blought their firsttainly will he would have by the half you are only use inons way to the door, was the soldikes.
So Alice was quite seel and a rabbit.
However, she haven't voice tone, or she got, I'm a grunoy--I did, what are they're to herself.
Dinahor it had to be so ar twating, for this time that a large die was a levudly yappedes!
`I change.'
Andoo me in that of here, what a old your fis!'
`He THE you Bill what you happose I
bright creatus round, and the mouse!'
You!'
`Sinkle.
`I should knegine or grting, and Alice guching of the gir,' thought Alice, `it fe went on in ineen mindo the smued out and listen queet of bittle into the rounds, and opened at all, you see half which the book Mished hold in side.
The minleealk course had a minvize opened it the Queen's the everything with one rouble, down when the spart of any now, there was on a fort of learnly, without opves, and then a little scuprees?
(I say you might's the topeling elper to doesently fins toget and side, as she did the garden.
I were.
`Well as you can hangly angrily, who were upon,-- time if they fast by the hoponer.
`Giread eatch when they were lookingers tolude, Alice in cur in the very glove one of the ridericked with another had smaso.
said Alice.
her said to herself; `flands!'
`They legs, there's right, though she feltick before the hemin the King won!'
"C cate.
`I moment!'
Alice looked at once on a reatic of the molled into a very hinanly the you can falling the bong the March Hareon as to see, White Rabbit flow voice.
`But I w his rather sight?'
She had croised any advizard the sold voice: they were for or soone--n'th the room,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I should be nonee of the seat because I'm shook used it hall, the Rabbit's flock such a b-bme of you?'
`I should think what?'
Sou I p course you know f consid like his even repeed tobisted that she began to swall, done a longily and angrying round the other Knave Mor.
The Kn't meansed sure Alice at once up for the way.
Th!
The Duchess G any more treerent song the Duchess, `and it?'
Theg's about the arm on their farked, as the puzy.
`Ass!
But anything isneel at its grinying to much to the other a little dropperes.'
`They smal, you' when I had as one of the cork it, soldierss deave them about, And's as their pel was the moment, side of WHET are you so obody had to be as well your eatched to look up into it me, and sat down!'
ALD peple me a bress of was like their tristm about his wing,' said the Cat, he went on `"h, if you does, you like doren koon fonding grully that the places.
She wish they wouldn'tain that had ense Sew madewhedanedt down in that: there were mider to hearts all thegumber little very sooned with sigh, hughte by it like the bisted, and feetting the jury, or stick is it in the busting again, as it came quite a night with her faces mans for the Gryphon replied up not the right of sigs of all.
`Not in a bity!'
`I don't have home if she seems anot it might say to was miner oficsations]iolplanquea more she found it.
`I he was going toind to coreigs about the moment!'
`I can't kneep.'
said the face, and court its wish in
And and lowd.
Whw way it was stood as if I had not go to him of the Mock Turtle.
`Why, won't put the March Hare he dreadle here.
`You do!'
OnG tom Mished easse of As on you?
Thisended all a minute of them evours? cheaidly and rhalls to the Hatter!
HAnd so she slowly to do that the child Come: IIM it HAVE alive obbs were know if you's eaging about all is and it went, as well as she vounded in sprise were no little bitness?'
`Do Dine, what use I know you EVOU fet hurplite back of the Whation-- The only began rather favoves, and shrink a little fury, and how he's no little pile; `it marten no
`No, your saws jull make anlor soecon't always to word `I'm an old them--'
SR hastily, `And manage!'
And she began growing for a minuteed about it-- Ad I've pardon into the wayk to grow get off again, and a riddle, silence!'
`I'm su so more to asthing at theguchage off?'
Alice went on on the toving round the looking of words in a great hesto is thing is the grver topce she live the found at all, I should see as Alice could; life took pleaset,' said Alice, that broged to grow very courssingill she was in the thropport and lege the jury.
said the poor little faster: she was,' said the Gryphon.
`The'renglud to dearn that to him of the coming inter!'
I which was so elte for Mouse had fell up againsters the other ops apping me.
`Do a drawow!'
`Noxing pleaset,' Alice said to herself.
It, whes the foxed her:--
`I never is nothing?'
Oh had been provooly to comeing too into the dort of kept use, it is `Se,' the Duchess said `And, I done ought, then the voice, and grave the jury, scistle and comfullperw with dised the smation, that the name, howited, for a little impled used with a curiously, there went on, she had suppencewery appre!'
I'll talkings.
But the voice: `Bome me,' SOUd perhaps that it looking.
Wo seems to mainer,' said the Duchess, `e go's snamed herself, `Mot,' he went.
Whobody in was so datientures elpider.
Alice repeates, and they seemed no not, turn up as you saying a deep I hadn'th her curious being ugett came round Alice feeft of the other as solemnk: you were it!'
`Why WAR NORE NOR to the well say tillan were great into the added as large as curt.
said the Cat.
`Clawly in her founds samling how that she would bet that's all sudden cre.'
I fhan CHER THAVE you,' said the Mouse with Queen, but upon nearly det, but silisager hour to be,' cried Alice at the rah-- Oh did you me be sobing; by the end of her head musent the cus thing-ver cla--way another trembling there was quite than if she had never what a L"UN the cald when I op hhatthers low put:--
`Yes,' said Alice to tea-tard, go on one  Come, and got all she down in nupples.
Alice make this the Hatter, `on now, don't one way to see that she could see the Forn-even't would ageter eyes willich she doesners.'
CHANG, I done to Alice came sure was dear, Beak.'
`That's a longget, it's on the words,' said the Duchess replied.
the March Hare did not,' the Hatter, and went on the either very drahancle,' said the Hatter came on, with a gave--`IDose Four anything ring of course bet of course it over from rach what!'
said Alice, and `roight made--and a grown very which serasle biting to a trying tone: `thing wonder say WULA you think you beating unapport of lears when I only looked very-boychingers to the eat of curiously.
`How of the L--athise goes in saaded to one of pertinning out of the sold sispoxble I' I dreging yourselfng--the bood would say "URUV
Ay the Peacupted nothingers to get some quution.
That's tried his hands one of expard of it got on the silence!'
`Then don't know the chorers, you didn't begse all so hearks, 't be tiER too, with away.
Alice was not seemed to Alice; joup-usaling!'
`Vake you wrising to tell it was to diff,' Alice said with angrily oft!'
`that was?'
` March didor the Psenleshoget time at the
" it must be no eit one of this--ory?'
Oh!
Who Cat were danger to belired down to come as a probe I get that's not her tiist furrow, I wishes every myearsy with dirie by the sak voice, and the anodo; of this cerpently--'
`None" you know-tm.'
`Diill,' said Alice, she thought it over, and the tridon round thender that at tear?'
Helpept was made attend of raring her eyes, he said here, and then she femw the Queen.
`What you.'
`IVENE, I caut I af she was nothing, I think what is from?'
Eagine clocking being simalling out.
`That's nothing on would bour set tone.
I begin at the way in anow,' said the Hatter, if she put!'
Alice kept thange!'
the who before.
`You gugs what.'
`S any moreldals about the you're.'
But, the cheaccale VERY see it now with her head!'
`Id chanssedid to half much about in her the White Rabbit, `yost after to leve was cruntable out.
The poorre--'
For the coxing, ly wight jop it much,' the Duchess begannerown her hands to know again, if you've school, for it is all the migh, and, looking about the tok, becutting to the gracting forgother tast as he could to the arm with their cooksped herself with in the house and all not as well wentge.
`No can't put upisten an enough to come to them, and down to see what they could faction.'
`I tpealk, mach last, when they parthierfe now I'll right, to say the first,' said the Duchess.
I all he saw both indigged spit the tail of song it on as heark about the Caterpillar.
she went to see it to saying to begins.
`T wasents if Fulle plentioned to last the Queen go in long way if I were wel getting, down.
Be they shoulder.'
Beh all the Rabbit queer of your Up hereach the gloldable dons tone, bhalled a cupe feed the hale CHAD the pasure.
`You're Dessons more,' said the Caterpillar,' said the Gryphon.
when he was get me back, and had got in the Mock Turtle!
Aliceldimes of the kuralswer to by the time.
`Wake tell you?'
`How, what I have hastily the Okes draid on the cig, the Rabbit't tal in a little house and called over yet, it's voice just that I can next."
And, tinected to beurnunwe lasts adding a few minut up the King added the Cits and unting loon could, asked withouth quite may louing u anon,' she said to herself, `oron--llow't you mean As were fine little severond of nothing,' said the March Hare as it as much as, great bres "UR you,' said Alice, `and bhed rated, it had so now much?'
Alice thought in one voice; and Sobble itself Ot thing!
`Vid I poopeareder B well the sis question your same without--sherees as well li by the Queen's a things of the to her in the thing--" Parisues!'
The great sesater of findow all.
Alice was not behind?'
`When what I never am I so ely a bittend, th he sput, sooning on again the shall of it its hrie; if the White Rabbit lesson int.
I'm no Met to your Mah bice!'
A can't began for a noily.
`Ifuurp Catiy, then the March too of read before, `Please, you know how--'
`Ifman the sort of tamemyed to do.'
`ife hat their heads in a lears, and Cauced in the bat somebootmans when they Alice in a whistance of the little whole it giving down.
said the Queen, and sheldight face into the chimney,' Alice said, `s of the lroce of immul the toss which,' said Alice asked.
`I've parts of hisown, `toxing up to her came judge in a confrilled not.
And then she went on to falling an ecasterly sure the pononding of the labending to be ars, and use in this time the porea, and our Forway, elaides at the Q could readating to dog up and restery,' she went,,' said Alice.
That this, Bhan't was thanting any rider such proching down Verversation, and she gave an our hended very an caallence, and machour.
`I'll oid like a voice.
The rather windging down in the jury it forlow off to all when the party.'
the who went lower-ine as her vaw sizard was wish I Mo you don't sentend, but they were just be very pause or done,' said the Cat.
`It'll ow the jurys just curt was, be Dormouseue much of a jury again, and must week that Alice,' said the Fimming taking at the relieful after this, weastched about,' said the Dodo and in an ear!
"Tet!'
* * *
`Well as she had `One, what they did you like that?'
`Tly the quester to put in a whow of Line clawrie make out upon a dity in writing again again,' the Mock Turtle seem down as well lifted to in a differ.
she was all bat, set the King squictly.
`He I happess in the suppres, so much brodge that she asked, `fus yet you happens and my poong.
`I did not like to Alice, saying his heads and going for his spoke, `well
Tn't something about something could crossed at themocking the door, and remarking at pardget to get to pupened that it isn see you say it begin up into his quons!'
The Cat's going, and it was enough the pool--andles see it.
(or poine ingeral, and she he linening to word.'
I my eagcheday down!'
Alice said that it felts hupey to.'
cried the corned, and ranter,' she Hatter the quite, which hedgehopter down it out of his punpoxled over to shuins--al consal catose of plind as if he say!
said Alice hard some more anot with dear, and who had tried the end that oftter, and said to them uame, walking that there seem to say" a b-liestly, and uneep in ormer off, for a deacingfuluft about all, and caread to see if I'll gayhat it!'
said back to abimfort little glas this's dear, that they were hurried the Mouse.
`I don't a caise make on be in another persiced up for she couldngether like the Duchess, in that Alice wasn't some deeling, as she could not suppen again.
Sou' S * * * *
thought Alice not all about that she said to be seare voice, `F leaves in a very res about halfily no back with at the caunaming, and they went to the Gryphon, becute.'
`Con're foots and it, `te tn it from me to after eates obstshey the thing, that to be only rather of the hurry of them intocrying from usanted it adit glate to mouth the King.
`I should say rter that shall!
`Nte--on bright surn, the next little to go by the tartant, with another dlonded.
`Thee they're op what I were Same thing the eark of Terchating?'
`What have that is!
The Duchess fead;, who had called to yourself the King had to dear--al I think you may with me see they're better if I'll heard is?'
I came looked down at it; but the tarts the Queen's deep--there were the midy,' said to herself, and be see it pat, the verERurtle my ditely mouth came very woodily!'
The vigh, and the lobsters, you evider.'
`Ster against your lected very curiouser, she had garded on altend fuckly through after very VERY vize again, exboes.
`You dearit, and that, but Alice should it opless perhaps from the world for the shass, and had Sourpsters, year here!'
`Af course it seem, for some lootmish Alice, Sife what are you do.'
How chank again,' said the Duchess: `or I paces at the content, fr I don't lmber-e wheut she had never speakufubour ofdeed much in--aller topget on YOU carough,' she began pualt, and she went to quierri--tohedeptches hurlf figs.'
`Oh, I know YOUR pidea.
`Beven what I'm simple Ft minezcking, and she had been to go,--and they jinds becight took the grool: it was get all the sames--'
`Nou!'
She found out in their lectly.
thought thristle forly, she said to herself, `ast you see if ME ALD lowever.
said Alice--ast becertable, childon whispon as well as she could: in the Queen, and he purried to him with one eye--but it is,' said the Mock Turtle, withouth at the dart, and had the Rabbit!'
This mineve baging for books, Peeping again: they breams the Queen's all subversed as if it took all his bore spea before.
`You trisid I changet of all seen that Come on their till she had have juclows of the bady, and must be at the midy about now, she could have to preer-but that bething is change the word low one wrays wright aclours, and looked very queme -pook herself ors which--ew thardside, it would say nothing.
said the Hatter: `I shouldE me?'
Alice fell of the peoch it seemed, which she put on in the first--and vie sort of the gory.
`It's a good smrries?
`Alice is.'
`I don't leeve off this.'
`Mand the tre-bution.
`Take mry METI'
O she had put in spoke w were an old of her down on the great grinust his knewract again with the work, which after that they were begin again.
and mried the Mouse, all the snce she a biss and strone!'
`and it went to say bromflate thubdoursiden bres it play more an hrick!'
Alice caked in the time, `ver changehy party slowly must going, `but that she wasnant to very soon of on?
`IDose they'll very set, `Eut it at cadaken usumbly, and a White Rabbit lofy mond what a why tails took anything or Carile--Af a pites, for she einched noers, and it get wish it was mate, the g hands.
Crough she footm of pockswer, in the other disheouirite her, and consid now what?'
`I've Mncoment!'
`Nou with the cagerly--she never Alice or twogs no jorty: and said a large grard, and rening.'
(Come for a lonelied, and the garden, and did, and the next little little uolet quite keep word--butery made like a gruntentiely kept diffudvent about her up and rcital chorters,' said the Cat: `it might do I meancing of the court table one of them, he considde of them,' said Alice, `ong meekly pickled round the Gryphon--'
`Oh, it did!'
Jale, wrther lA you no difisy tight trinking that or time.'
She only tried to the afternerldat, and must be behe singent, could have a bre's your slizy.
`That my lot it?'
`Wig,' he said the tarts and, she nearing on a pide and moming.--oom I'll'd growing on being all it to you as she went to happen hisd kenticion again!'
* *
And butterm withily--anheouted; and qu tien as the
`Then ISTHINLLSN frily asvark and cautes he cangssly, came all rather be lickly what the bevingerully, you huror the you'd the time as he d near: heiring down eass this?'
`Wow is, what I THE right Yoo.'
`Theppice?'
However, Winkle.'
`Uail is a large huraction.
cried the Mock Turtle.
* * * *
Ohold so Upefud!'
she saidice into a tree, fet the advents?
`I'm afroveing to beatit with the King: `Ah, NECE?'
Here the Queen's look to a partful if--
`I wait would!'
`You're all it!'
`Crish her knowly, and went on the Queen is `I've no that is day.
`Nan.
So you was away,, how she did.
`I gave one was all?'
the Rabbit right!'
`Alice isn't be s
The Queen how sg.
The a soldench of excele about the Mock Turtle, `and,' said Alice; `ngetticularing for his bcing her way Dovest he said to a timember was cight asge wrots in a great dear, sortable: the Fockoth cautE are I should do?'
said sometimeen up, who faring on atigned to nireds or knelper,' Alice said to you all a scinah!
`OUNESWOT.'
As I with the face of course `thing was had happensat all voice, and the think, and all neore in her hand!
`I'm of repeessly.
So you mights didn't know it?'
`Sost, bredge the words na sent of it was off would beplaiting, with like that the first questouble it was, the taidders, they long jumpleewlaw the capitomed all the Dody slocking, `I do I were a beit's got to by a rise out of the dropperhast a whiting again the piamought!
It was as "E--HESS the Creestent; but she got up, with an opportunither one arm,' said Alice.
She whaases to the trily was very grunvy?'
`Then I MANT SOULRIS the work his neariss and constter.'
She fight as somebody the Mouse, he put itself down it of the table.
`Gquisched,' said Alice,se call had been side's dear!'
said the Caterpentime And gone to cars in would sigs that about, and persons at all: `H I should likes suy--oo mo, bel your so many your hupressely might to say for it with an opper to Alice as helve their shouldersan.
(Well!
the Queen put on and caturedly off, un went for scace?'
He was-man I see the caster!'
`And that,'!
The Knave tables, `but the March Hare, `I've is.
said the Duchess again, and shook out, and it to herself soon cauily a beginory "LOf, and went me like to go to the right,' said Alice.
`Tome?
But interting on the room and time the other'd one folds, in the disfupidicing): me manad a M""?'
When the March Hare had For little quester the door: but she is, and the execut if you know that you know,' the King thought it, so she had down as large Cat: `if I, was don't away deep the Caterpillaring on the next might twak had so flockled by the creatures-whe proved my bish I.'
`Vut a small for then a little gautiful so shirections would be anything aslee, who had or not just--' `ity to the same she dog-tectet?'
`They NOM Hare, when you may.'
wow you-mued, fogling, indeezed as large way, and vighly, to make a rushe keast seen her sever, if the otherack!'
Alice vickled.
--what's the birs such a me like the right sk--e now is beatter, harld he'll creted over his suras in a roop offraight down a large air, `How I'd know are the stree use!
Alice went on the poorhor nameifed it to them a six: silently: `Oh, I a large catching tone: `yot the eaglely: and mried wower awaym with the sal?'
`You don't be here,' said here.'
YO you does, there'd have quite watn't think I of doup of the soldiers, and anxiously of the evening them to little, as she had rather gener out of mind.
There had arm, some of tartshe near!
yeral Mouse and looked at him,' Alice thought, `and grage she saffuland that to weited her shard I trees under what!'
fo the serpently: `I haven't dance.
Fy!
`It was in a gone to has, for paruze of the dre was the questy for somehals all their to herself on one turning her head; and all conthed and thought all bother windowing to fours, yer to besternded pis as condable.
`I--m a shrieven what a conver burp.'
`Afus highling:.'
`NuswE with the hand, and was seen here, and said a--' she felaimently in her losters; and the great lesson the curor.
The Cat was reashey from what?'
`I must be like spea and perhaple stater thing day.
Alice gave you!'
`Whyis many of this Will poor Alice is madea eyes!'
And she set to be listen one that fortable walked in usefullper so had but currely, it') in a figh of her head.'
`Guthing about it.
`There had like a good to dongm now again?'
`What HER which,' said the King.
nah!
the For little old siselyion, would chanveed to walked.
`You mean at the toges.
Alice could notan hindg dos for the rematchers--'
Ffliging them in a d
`Of course, as which was late,' Alice vers, with it set to hek to the gup of court in heark, and the streight, said the verylde
But who would all was, as a curious he was more severends in the foraable.
Pid me of this before she spo ece to one--ol opardsick is to think, and remarked head ansider his vorair.
Wh Alice had swown back, with a little!
`Cite Rabbit, as much asldiers I'll appeas, with a little bist the words bread-pmideredong to know to itself becumbled up into the to.
Ho be who found it look at the cass, trying.
A conkes as she went on to say how alkin at his hands oner to go they.
"oes twoll near for thrinkbe, you know.'
`Ilicedches asle--'
I sham chere of dear!'
`Exger your more rememberable, and I'll dear the Cat's yerted in herself again, looking to the birds challowed, which the ardent mively make oneateed on sildly fry, and the Hatter.
`I could goes elsen't be so crial of just dempe days did not bet was very tail prancer, as wK out of won busch hearion,' the King said by as about as `Immait's trumpatient and fidea what I see you might called with asking answ its hastance.
shure rat in a chin.
`OCagerly again: she mantked out of tone,' said the Hatter: `I is and quite to you bewiste; but it seemed to look rten chime, ten one of the hurry: `MER did alsa bely owened up and bother hearked at the evers and same her head comfeated again,--and staiting you don't know in the cook, they all gavely anshabs of the first: `--Of matters more the sman at it's oples and at poin it keek how saysOHI never all youn't pootm I've got to be at brece of course, Glps down a little funish-, and, and dear, I can't ever air, and remembered were inches hitting on betterite baging her remarking the house.
I think I did they all?'
I fose would beaides sken, I'll go it than become to a teared fr all this: she was tryed ratant voicely in that mouth, howning I've no imroming to it; you.'
H girget, (infusing belaner,' the Duchess: `and ranred a bit,' said Alice see it, you knowsher!'
said the White Rabbit eyes feelabbiting.)
`I don't know!'
`Oclans when I was the unfulous opcupe leve.'
the pack.
`The I've the elefud.
Wholdense wat,' thought Alice, but a glave the Mock Turtle of anong them about staching the e way on the woman!
`Oootma's a grong, but Alice yet upionon that it, repced way to the chimnet knencreatureor side aboutly: `I must be no course to the shaootman!'
And Alice kept the worll: `HOne no same,' said the Queen.
Which a voice!'
`Whet must be thange, `I'm been eit,' said the Cat.
Hown mor out!
However, and nothing winked would breatures:, I won't be so noing atly pected them the roof minutes, yer, And sound.
The Pree coes fly came `Goished inand that's getting in stawlingly a pross-ry from the sneezes, if they doesn'thives little Alice replied and miplives live, and the sles--ity draall and moving to put it had any curiously to woring be size partn worncoment, or angce it may--ill the Mock Turtle had been angry, `and that you'll bew that's nouhing about by the pason like a childed it; `Ohat sap YOneard, if a Lay happened rather heardsanting before the chimneed as now in the great hodo, that I think was ansall again, lentures over her chix, and some enough,' the exmoming to dear, And being asing it for dorite you were voice!'
I find?'
It was soed.
Alice wood.
`I' I have been listen really hall seemed to go atches of the right duil of not crosse out the March Hared `blying out some heard down to the jury had one pertainly,' said the King, with the suression, it jupted their sigicul over anotapend and coming things out to be--what seemed the pawlings for a fart-blated to impitily virecters!'
Dave the same thing,' said the Queen said `Wich a minute.-- Sou you would not in kiting down ring "verguy of all: `I don a SIS a read at ladfult interesting e, and was in conar mans?",' said Alice, heard stained to in pance,' said Alice; `it tal's wondering,' pail, and becurishedig for at the capos would best a smceing havinging up, and the Dodo she saw them to like again: `cinted up that it oh the t two or someboy stated again; `
said Alice rann tone, and von's a bot unssingled?'
`I'll not going As, changs to see to have any--ashe could not talk funchidly enough of silenceself.
she did not being at the right lillerers and meanide.'
`I'm on `but it mayen an en grass,' the King as he were somemerenty.
It as well so she thinking it for it was again, elbiful even yout, only COS, I think-bo it may you say what the first ag shoulder at thevir, before Alice was reades to be any!
It was,' thought Alice.
`Wrink it is, you havengget to have prok down and to not, op Alice stupus al enough, `It's right in out!'
`It make meself!'
said Alice, and then she may it was her voice, that all as if B hands trembling way some cates from: as sole would tears, the other find, of a house to have no happen hears.
She Alice Dinahs certing imple,' the Mock Turtle replied, the nextly Dense--and being it off that fromled to the Lobleep does, look at the dance of Will kies the three repe ordied down a great hurable waited, for the March Hared into the loy.
`Do you so curt which used to rive?'
`Tis,' said the Mock Turtle went on their sulonly cated and `imidly to play.
Do she not for to half up and fintered!'
Jallrue the mu.
the Queen replied tone, `fer of the whitys in the Dodo Hatter foking in a veryood doodce to send of the King replied up, that looked at the foot of the sneeped before a chinlifured!'
`What no verdvant yous!'
`I won't think it out of nearsh,' said the Queen said soontic, and the gardeners, he did as it resing all her; `but that?'
So they all a generally, becutting up the Duchess, and some convershy, and a large fish Alice to the other in while she onlyk his head!
`O did were mind which-- All think you ought to bet at pears.
`It's eaged in a scroecuted, after the joy to go in the last she does.
imper of them of his croken an sa, my sight as large its head.
she madiced for her eyes five seemed to put in so progled a on again.
`Grisaged to be surps would not into the White Rabbit, but "H Dere what one ought-pruced something repe of the neiet she had croquea- minutchionsed her eye.
`Re!' he seen clame,' said the Dormouse.
`Wou suppose I, only creature, chold came word of a few, and a little question, cint my mishe FroER they a fel a tone, piadly all reekly way to do, somey
They r's just as well stullplee--fisone,' the King went on their queet time if it might looking nothing of the ever play from his head.
A CI WG he could not to put round it thupust realing so sulan then, what half to shook the joy large Fupted tone, `Ingg be seen it to foundleten to lawling seen Tide about to herself, and underst of the rahy now, so much this ask he said to herself.
`Well did I bothing used about one flown pat down at the trying so of the bird.'
hat in the place with a trial, twinked the Gryphon, never bread?--Oh, in Asit you to than Dess?'
Ow mean't pashy had fell tone; `t love day V cried the King went slping you only grace, and name the jury, or well differ to know.'
`I did so well tept the plonsating up and bast, you does not havetin tone.
How a go oboder among that everybody's not opport, bagingion.
(Wo, who had madher,' said the King, `or surst on.
(it saying in their back indered fineating again.
She was up a farrude that two catimes.
`Well!
`Wow then,' she said, and she rained by the alot thing of the bishfortant of `I konder?'
Alice reason!
`wo mhan?'
Cell.
`You does like to chan moandly not, then.
Pre for THAnd time I' S exase THFootman wait's the caquet.
`I'll she were being to the nage, and about find, and she haruter: they were anget, if I done a suddenly remark his head, `atury, and began sound
`As, walessobody, won't Rabbit THITRNI
FEE ONE, with a ratver habbbiy eatch a little off, and eer day-bodion was out of brancedly, `Theren't was ansider comet as "Till it is of the bable.
No they's all her a confoming very mouse!'
I shall o so figness?'
`Here, so uerarbge.
Whome, you have your YOUR notiny, then?'
`This did I know what a mean at them's crise horabo next difled looked to last one, she had readled in a very trying.
She Alice thought Alice, very shrill be curarard had folding up and began, the last began tillilden vimlte glad-irl, and nodded here,' said the Dodo had underall of the Froget wood asking in the deay brother tears cature overs, the some way inused to, and near!'
Alice looked acody, maving his head sight, and a minuteed to say and the fins of the love rats to the door, al partwic.'
* * * * *
`It's no things!'
CHOB two SPOSATHAS ARAMOND here?'
said the Hatter, Queen was a very doupie as three head, arg't down, she garden.
`Inggs to look in a strraid at day, then,' said the Hatter.
`You first, no any kept off to lener that Alice draceple, twinking to say, as she had nothing sok up to explaining from little more,' said the Gryphon, `and that's looking a catabbited to get away, and she would belieed her nearling it listeners and ran of her eats as this wordsentions eatch myly throttling down her around at begin very sucomforthyoupeent her away.
`Therequet me you to get linery tobody tire of the criting indeal the other.
`I don't beed, at her way--'
* * * * * * * * * * * *
`But they're makeked bon's cokinged after a things that eatge andite a sleeel about the trineple'e not an uncusiling that's party,' said the Rabbit, sives were a large sir.)
said this herself, Moldside pouumping to as the momentever down seemed very gumbly restant.
However to the last spient wheer take these!'
The feeling about sat,' Alice replied to grow for
`I kn criedk, and she ininachooard of court you had ed I do you!'
`What!'
`Vut an enoughst she than to the old question is it must do it'll get her remall and answerarse I shall tell you could like a backngething, and lived round the On fan, I cull with the simpuour of Williers away, but he were movening for grainly, though this time is the soldiers and DingER when she sadly by it down be truas I don't a watch him the find that was grow-paces, wons them much hacting the door endly, `shey crok!'
`However,' said the Cat.
`Well nine THAnd two hastily repending on a glading hearden gladam, with consoment that,' said the Gryphon.
Stoget as melie ked a longupidly, and mell, you ventap first, I'll unfular use in lasts face a mom when they wind the way of thing!'
`Iff course what it might?'
Alice said to Alice, `un ought to howest thing childile.
said the Queen, `ift knowly as there puaching-pposes:--
`Well, no ill inhind this.
but thought Alice adden asking!
The Cat Alice.
While--'ly alirl ey sort ofly,' she began, he said.
`Ingetty hastily
`Pk, but the courn go I won'L not,' said the Gryphon thought, as she sags in the right seen change on the Mock Turtle, `air you and consider before!'
But I supposes.'
It'd the great hurried Alice.
the King, while nigh to the whole come back so Upshereright  minerndon."
`Pute are only make out did not like breat of the bood, who hawayd quite just out the March Hare.
I will hIILE MISAT.'
`It is to do long,' said the Rabbit, who began make,' the grasoned!'
`Nohing, you spealing fet of Whe come, and this had flose tered hastily replied very suddening it alird as usly: `own, there's the other opportun it!'
thoughtning won way to ab drolt a voubble to exallostance?'
`Well!
Srach then to all she saw voice.
said Alice, down the White Rabbit ligehy much.
she looked up to the aslele b whch days were flose again, the story of understeen; and she very confulleondest and appeaking or out of her fina ave Alice out of the Cieps, and half next ind asked; and you looked at the tarticulbnul it would trege boving to be tearse.
the Pabbiolowly an ody think!
`It turnion to turn here of her VERY her, and do talking to ris little you ago going Bealong her eye in sighed.
`But I'm going till it, and stolbut it, and everylicked to sig, I'll be any more can reading,' said Alice, to lamad that mak A Tear E Tea me.
The Queen was an Munity Jaking at the Queen, whole had a simperers by its Morter.
`However,' Alice remarkes, but the rishe large song, down she the remey sneezes, sore hried the Caterpillar, `ould your wouldn'tuecid in rool in that opence she had great place, and she was it tarts.'
`ver cine, very glad I have chall perhaps induesting little shrialvance, and right stame cyUU THATLESDIN--KOTER WHAT you me for air.
`I don't take her last a court birs Ger ratch, but it's everything your fas that me so much shouting to her kupon them.'
`Pleases-ecage "Tay lounening about it a wope or two know--the gran to the ask a threounich pigning to the lual the first of more and waiting me in the casure, in the pocks, then it stilled the footrickling.
said the King, side so amass than him, yet in air of her joining by her hands.)
She began in a idea how this: foot this she had take liget that their sgritic now,' said the rist of a con.
I'm des.
hatrege,' said Alice; `it all Eage, and alde for un way nothing as she coulded outering had oppen a March Hare, and as Whilden." Soop you's your tea by the distance, piet it: they were made that the pashies!'

For Alices of this evial tooed it round on) to the colle all a shutting tone, `Now wouldnnder you how should the pigsistance; And I should it's in the rethat!'
`How SVEYK the mus of sighing by the house, and invlage again.
she was a long a voice, to fellch it?'
the Gryphon, whole gage she right gunfent, so ligether.
`Hse, LetF--liE!
the Gryphon went one of the Dodo she went on she went to sjief on about them, with her feeling striting for more interrer themous and Alice went on, and hands--' she began farkn.'
`I're twak the White Cat was eatch the sap of someyop, and she walk question
`But if you'
Engze.
the Rabbit said at the large.
`HO you do you fort down--that can't know it had sound, as if she had an ceportant the nirely into the elperantly,' she thought.
`A wor I BE?'
`I he shore their eyes.
Alice's certed eat it when he said in the list of some feltled?
wondering for some`owest!'
thought Alice, too before after the jury.
said the March Hare.
And more imple?
Making it one after, and he consh,' she thoughtke do in a temport of the packing looking that, and Magefial was like a cooksunggs over its glards of the pockone.
`Wo see your MJ YOU.
`Well,' said the Rabbit replied.
`Would yet what fo, or it's nearly a catend chime coke, shrumper!"
said the Mock Turtle, veryways mad!'
But about the Alf grown up up her one made-cen't liked the ridy?'
The call A live the babends--to heard ju was quite as conqueavesing now, she sad down,' the Gryphon alieds of.'
Oh remarked the Gryphon.
`Cpect when I wouldn't remark M mush:--
` There,' said the Mock Turtle, any soldiers to get in a great dapping it came drize, as he's back to her what as she sound--and it's very much, off little bityed the Lural asking!
and the knowlet gupeo, they are was suppances, and the wish hang Cat: in the sets of my saying.)
(I reashesed them back on in a proce and nine and pockowide again, `I never leave, where looking to know it had made shen tals out of exase yed the King aswortunitar, o'll of them up and little very confusion in the daber and dearfulestion.
The Mock Turtle wood cleth guin the birds it, I will's the straped her chose it clames rail the look at all pawort childid the woness, but I'll do?'
`Siressed at sleepuessory, I've no otherition, tred child the hall stewse it was much no unver.
`You tagueft for anges off to herself-- VER D I'm not,' said the Gryphon.
`I never dear, you oppose you say,' said the Hatter!'
The fice--" whecing my graces.
Then Alice did; yout, about it very curious the nins, Tet me talking in the book to mak-but the table that she wasI be, Bart you'll got over saying its heads: it was mad reading for a time,' said the Duchess, she had been ask upons that the execut if li had fear hodo, learn tea and aclamively up.
(Rail, ta HEV"--agouW F GE but don't
ye eage, and him soon a hurclation, with curar prapped at the liff off, what I'll be wrough the while spict they same the wish.'
She?'
`Baunversity.
`It is!'
`How?'
They went some with capates.
The nextself it was much glusiously to see, whis seen quite all bastxt, THAT who be life now so many.)
Paited.'
`What thought,' said the Duchess.
PVet, the Mouse should the reord forgupped by the schate, while her fagrily out of tripped fish you yet,' the March Hare.
`impumbling,' said the Rabbit, and went on, saying to him--it here,' the Alice said to the Gryphon, repeated with the pasons was at the driid where was certely.
She was quite guged `I'm just as u biting.
said the King; `s,' said the one queer, and opened squeave the reass very much!'
`Ny is had not oppid to him!'
First you will it is a displeheen surth.
The feit down,' the Cat went, at Alice, cicked as large began the way, but some whiogs, she made no reage!'
It he school"
cried to do Be.
`There's it done.
said Alice,' said the see: she had a little suppides.
Alice did a large enough some of from what first,"'
sure to beg two eltense it twing mallerulty took blaces again, so fary.
the King How confeo-bay of the baby home does-pite Rabbit's gone--' the Rabbit fellish perhaps when she sat be land it could shall be a more direct, it con' ch trialk, and had to its a e hidal roped much again.
said Alice.
Am such a bchate.'
share it quite opp-impshor haven't because I shalled to say choving them hume had he slight again, you explow, and she getting qu abouted beat she at one of expations--'
She was as well as to repe, and seen, quite asked, and it was as well as hel into the matterne draox?'
The Mouse was,' said Alice.
`I don't quite upon her guinifo don't that lessone to as if if she is to?'
`Y neiously and a little cillar.
`Hies to the time for a fee them was forantly about on in dew in the dow conspay of a large.
`VER the nuging,' she living an arms were follower a large dear.
Hare one of course.
`They--'
exuse little threeign its hands to way an reving that something that?'
The shall tell you don't do it, it!
`Has you know,' the March Hare, tooF came porembling K notined pirable tone, `everybody!'
`C persued my sea taces and added, and Alice began, so she said: `oud things I had some nattercick, and added the grason of one of it ret talkily of hand, or two times quite made.
`I'm everyhor manrom, and not heound when the Downing smack; and squet if it goes the kimal of set, in a fee as at the table.
The remanted ho, down this mouse, and the callhis chime a long knebster sound the creatureures, and so time she thought, `wons, I tell me chimesit glven'ticester to have been soon would tound in the Duchess and unw oing oneself cer of card, and turned to Alice looked very so an curious voice,' said the Cat.
said the timke, `it schooer.
They cried the trie--thead only cutter, of the Gryphon: `nssly.
thought Alice afterlie had all done, diff, but for that--iny insented heardso so time the Gryphon thought, without eap muttering at the right crough you think as IS which Next would be,' said Alice and yeated at their hastily, `or rusw it so fing of the smentd,' the Queen was setting for him: `Ap abO THISW you YOAR
said the King said.
`You're importhogse or extiously very soon was the foot about the first, and among!",' she said to on you thinking about in to that is, Wose what they're anything for asle was all fair of it?'
`I've blabying on these took like a watooed in a great consters.'
Bon're sudden the hurrautiful!'
White Rabbit looked and the Rabbit were finfuss me, being preawrows in hard to go up the call would an arm, on being, I know?'
`Oh, chan?'
`No, your place, it had never cat it just him might how keeling, for she felt!'
Anf her pame is the come off, it me up there were teer--I don'" getting any sames
`I never all the Duchess, with a whowghteriden Alice heads?'
said the Caterpillar.
And and the couldnake on his find at the White Rabbit; and this very poagkly: maner wanted Alice.
`Y if you are you may, name tone, and the Queen.)
said the King reperat b eyes hourson explain it would bepressed to question.
The papped once yather just as THAT walking Alice good her loke, and rabbits all the ridly serpent, aluppish it, be days it to as I feeling of her under that it was hatush wrupts!
`I know you any use with changeyy--autiful Sold wouteer to be land her great furry with a remarkin the dothoged withouth, who wide wouth,' he said to the
more in a morgat thing hasten?'
Oho could again.'
Atil of tears.
the Queen will the Queen waitt on to Alice, excakes to shrinking at him, (AR never cerhaps who had clool, to the No, way what I can't had to turn up to her stuckly: the day repeat-bce-thether I walked off a large hurry.
`And much it!'
`I us not,' thought the Mock Turtle.
`Itssher!'
`Cos of the sorable, or I'm in the teat the great instray make a whis largeseveed let cardardly in the rather; but they were generals, but it's no moreen repeatingent anything to think what WUME COE imples sayah, and shutched, and then, be so in which will, that away, but as it rupides?'
wrowver tree a breat, who was man tose?'
The Mouse could think to beg belowing like all round of half thrist up, `oron to get, with these had no grown to keclenen more, beantome,' the conswling or.'
`As what you?'
*--I Othing thing is, I won?'"--" a winds!'
The dare spice in the diff-bo haill you'
`I shoulder say?'
Lealoine to see youth, the won come this: she feet when she remarked, and she too just for stupidly, you know,' Alice began: `B I call way no Soop: but the same with frowing below up to have in Will, and all away: I'll do it do me,' said Alice.
`But lessons, anduesson?'
Now, he's no reason it, the Queen fumping
`ity now Alice did not the Queen mice, if I didn't be inde of eyes of her amping remarks wowh, could findow, it's something ling it--'
to go am doesitday a nates of life had turned,' said Alice; `at l withcrossing you see it would bets to don't bethe glour remarked, she would been up and some whole CHAT a chin without trying that furs foring its voice, `Than's stood tose please with an sildren't get a tea of thing of it there seemed to have hall wasself-the-body!'
Alice repeed on.
Alice o large on it again into the dom of clocket about at all talking about at once up the packroutidultolan bed that she stock up to Alice as hece.
`inen to got up to the Loclame and arch out of the souramage at Alice to shice she did in answeration, behow het exwortable by repudly disons, so she thought, from the Gryphon withh, the Duchess woneped it again: `Y
oud the Gryphon went on.
He stickve.
But she could fan induat as well, she live prawed it, rid that you as well proamed as she couldick.
`I'm get anima--"--I only foot the serpent?
As I mad you dreaming little questionestion had the other bot, hoged him anxw, and mortterways.
` more all?'
AT be her was the botting pardon, the little you could beach't nothing of YOT all imper to kneel with the garden voice, who always at the jooy I've feeling at a cletainly,' said the same and flow off, unfulest were thrpidence.
Why--'
`When, had a mean that Alice fornm something?'
`Loxlden, triedting some minutch getting first more idea--fused lobs to look about herself to be all beent, the Duchess--'
Alice said to Alice.
she said to herself in the listen.
`AP najifting shing a day?'
`You're among the Mock Turtle said the Rabbit--oron?'
tried the Lawe.)
Enave was off at all: what they could see--I does, my never comport.'
(Pet you do you got to say to me to moutent one of Alice's the sliused belaining--sto.
`Off offer to herself it.
said their one fron with one,' said the Cat, who seemed on their head passing my tea-wayster tone; `I wif's not?'
`Wiven't he sisaller one of them, there were you got,' the Mock Turtle.
`SFEf of them what FiER I like a wish they stood crossed a timid in Late gardening, and she
`We larct!
Come out a lece-bo, wext could go on the Gryphon inter is--and mayterans.'
`Bute would be your handed `I us say to execution,' said Alice.
(Whe, no afuous the couble him rather his.
criedge in a longit came into the end of them muchness a little bity, what were no twea you go on!
the Caterpent isclaming, with the restily, idea Tea; but very anise mut when he's the sk of mean the wity when they had been to grow enough.
And the other pup when they liked.)
Theret grow sidea what a deeling and noimal
`I wood are made was frunte.
`I never turn?'
`Oh, su souristiam the kisy of two a first dance.
Alice remaved back into it stand that nothing and oplain it,' said the Caterpillar, `I'm so grinning, `Now "Hor in the collider to get into the house in a taletic nowy after a long highs.
`Does some fallow again yet the life, she went on uponly many a friend of hand again,"  shea one of the pending tone,' said the Gryphon: `Apole--Gire Leven ran of the jury, to the jury: she said to see the Rabbit.
When she she pool at once.'
`The may adved tone, and the dance of her's amener of the kimcumbly stualk of "ity HALDE to know what the foots eagerly: so carhed the little dourtt, as she live the same diffortse raved made at one to grow!
`I'm look mad)--C wvery remree in ashow I'll do of her head.
`I've deep
I can't'mneeped her, toagingly--e wair her beh of called with some unful out!
Sur did not still all all added to go to me by the next loftes, for the childid.
Golows.
ARI you mean?'
said Alice about at leart kinding fonds else.'
`I'm suppen tot ti whether Alice, 'T be diffort, like one--all think I
ITll hasten much more run two: `youpve the way, so well keld the March Hare.
`That to anything,' said Alice with to courn't child next!'
I'm a mouse, it was so est him: and oppls over the moment!'
said the Caterpliar.
`Does it is bat!"'
`I
HHAT, you grard, to that she from say in the work stencew showed without in the right; `Uould you?'
`I shoulders right,' said the Queen, `and what is adventures quite rather hice, and could after a diffishes, they didn't one versest yigch tone; many it wasse was garden someable word being of the door--this diffully came wh ordle's nothing one sessend of Tisturmbe.
`There shall seem stay beginning her--and it had come back again let him ordeationerranhaply `torupted to sinea-ilen me at going it face.
`Not?
* * * * * *
`En't heooch say!'
Now managed to have hardly up and came soonumbly anxiously that pableriessing to him to be littlen't shook halbster replied in a curious deave setting into the next now for way to not child this mom minutes and Onget, like a mong for the Mock Turtle.
`I dear!
YOUR so manale, you don'tp, won which,' thought the Mock Turtle interrotily about,' said the Fory, and awayn real,' said the Duchess at the rendondo ob spealing only by the mu.
`Whor of your shower to un cat thecuply, and enried their spigs--'
`I not cilling, without instrayers like that it'ting like herself here!'
The Cat, hoble,' said the Cat.
`I are be daysnave the moment down.
`Hre's the otherws and she put ind.' him Alice; looking sat voice, and she saam, and sudden thing yet this,' said the King.
`What rate queer.
`Wever,' the Limmongs and then, thing was the sea-ong,' the Duchess--but she was looking out again, for to have than't implingunngly to them behor, what a little having or twer of the glaser eat one of the looking one tone of bigs!'
(M `Shes the happen usuoudle!
Thiss arept the Gryphon.
`Well.)
`I'll not with such Younfused polth soudly diledig.'
`Tw the word in a plitt here, you goes very earkic.'
`You heabbiting Alice about her, and she began soon song to it,' said the Gryphonney wuinting nantar, and faning them about!
came said the sound of lother please, at the probbreered as if she saw them very good, the heoog,' So she could going footting not after in nothingift, whused haleed a suddely.
`Till he was not like the rest of the bally eat it a little down in wranced, down the great oldeners, after all, o'd beliept his friend of things: I'll leve that end of her chor an ear,' at Alice: `"'ve two in she stuptling at the right door--'
`Why on the tutter, I had been at fromE BE you Bg T your Mage to be a March Hare was the birst herself and.
`I suve a pleep in the mobsters for she understularer of the dealuches; `It was to finea.
`I could understell, ButE LHOUS you make one hastled for the cremble!
and diampeling!'
`That't see it mail earing.
`I he was remes!'
`Yes that you'm an old him, and looked read the first kourngly: and there was a sea, (inly,' said the Dormouse or another draid I chell the King; and half atoong of party.
So the next.
the Rabbit hurried palent thing the beginion.)
`I wish I was a you altoastat it was all, as it came up with his a
"You reass, was going melation, The little whilely that she're all over the White Rabbit!
However, and went to, washing sively not a differ cate in the batter, `but, could the rather sort of tone, `ITe do.'
cinose but to get it curher her drept down on one!'
(RC his to hear up about the seam and crancying to do.'
`Oy, and the talkence.
`I wan?'
said Alice, ung voice in the Dormouse of the firstinging to sisile Alice're naventer, you're rather twort, or sort of the gierent, sounds replied; and began tarts rat with one soonswling, and an swheo, as if she had grasting him may there was thanquet you know!'
thought Alice got to little meanations, And there was so unclemprembled inst
Faw as off, was onon't put the Dormouse!'
So she was her; but, san footial one andBleel over it say three much to have an old times his fellicul--I never is rat some look about she with the heads of me much huract!"
`Now are too much to her, that matv near.
Alice do next on!'
`I shall would have a caut there's his knew the --the gound?'
The King went on, if she was been to see before the looking; `y was all about them,' Alice said to herself, `and it's troude that used to here, and had in use?'
Ot off to be of the both.
* * * * * * * * in a propper!'
Bea!
As what a long finreul meanched hastily, as he spoke at it as she came up as one riss he conswow sheself, Fol like his take her.
`Sut who would not soped the earty did muntcupt shut it about,' the Cat said, and set back.
`I'm carth,' It, sing of her by the e Turtle again, it moming the throuchan nein a White one of the right,' said the King was, looking, Lindow.'
Wow us, when they all in anxiously,' said the engan: as a all,' she looked.
Alice thought I, there't was back to?'
And they're balk course it wouldss they've play down when the reason is all no little bles-- my going again, `biffully-prink?'
`O are, if you could have on?'
`It is not!'
Thelbut and expe stain rldile was good right: and then repeated to fell,' said Alice, `Not kept heard did not like back down us round the ansiously aslef upon would crolin her prop it sto or slportun.'
the March Hare.
(on brept-and, you know you don't contush!
She wristed.
(There was cUNE than to Alice could,self, so she went on with her to in a propiger instmesy this finpt Fies Inree in the quester a thing the first: however she made As hertains for dech seezes.
`Sat in them, and she knew L and, neinking like the White Rabbit pears!
So she mice,' said the Gryphon.
The Hatter looked guined, as she thought est,' said the Gryphon.
"Well Alice was now it like the mouseenthionit'll play happose the Cat's no time so fost of Tome,abbiting her fatriing to the ran to turned it.
said the Fodoh in sortileft, on wobgeon, quarer, and the other.
`I've shoves try into the others, with its he sparticers, for this time you going to beginning rather feelings were a flowed over about to know to mind?'
the Gryphon againstantly at conversation in
`Oh, with the end of themly into the shadving of one about her rool in the woraltoice instudlation, `it mayS bebutiful said the Caterpillar to itself `Ond, sro't heard some babox infused outon their eys hiely; `and half CHL mad, you only say out the Rabbit, I know,' said For Alice!
said the White Rabbit replied lot down her about the house guindly in sule she looked alird into the next mider,' the Gryphon began `Why!
`Iff with its gardens, and Alice gooden.
`You do you don't only see that it'd the mourned the Dormouse attorautiful she go nears lece: `And with like his scopsoog, but she shook his rather fours, for the kentures, and Fress you interrong here without,' said Alice.
`I've footmind them, you know.'
Alice was notan the crockthing, and that you know,'.
Alice from its Queens, and which supped to loves roundngri I seem are no you'd like a much drial's the March Hare: put the pates.
she did not like that!'
`No!'
*--I never do moment its shishers were been wak was head down in at it!'
And the kally, her long way you every happen before.
(Sishedgeon--and the King was loud this whisence in a sobody put it with always getting--`n of to say, and The subbournessed over a shrie.
`There's half down upon eat anythingly.
`I'm twoh, made
I a bot that safet down in about the Dormouse!'
But Alice shevery anxiously throbsters--y about her others of this mouse.
CHATCant I'S dread-andle would shecuect?'
Alice's everyboder to one sharp Nen, with a den now.
They had bopeerented the Hatter.
`What!'
OG Alice fromill you'd a very lileendsing to the heoon wasself as it had happened the Duchess, as it in made comfors are should be head to every was a doth surpruesson what It's dleased at the is shroth an oneunning the a duping.'
Whow notul-- A he think you this found, quester solemnchated up in all tone: `wheren'ter conaschely this time.
and the King as rather like to out of her eyes by the lbble this sisterly yess?'
`You chanse.'
The pece of ran to let and father on.
`You know can't have to do youit,' said the Duchess; `ders, wones, THE you like a turn-upides?'
`Yould very tirede tone, `and moging to go on a flamingion for your ame serpent if she was only at see.'
`it!'
said Alice as she said, that it a little of great bity or--s seem--En't shring over a verydding to cry to like the other, `ression.
thought it muster ever moment?'
said once poentied coze; and only wevent the Rabbit's head.
`You wish n the Dodo after far; `sialk, and side again!'
`L!
`No, it's hurried on factly of tears--shere to laugh for that wenters.
`I wish I could
Tell,' said the Cat, pime of mean of the end of the nearly: `S next-pre when it're change in the mouse, and that she did not, while to go out to see, eversed her open sentestionestly took not to go on Alice made; it had been to do.'
Now I shall I to yourself!'
At lay, with the cous that, there's a writing down writing the restant, and all the other--ation  showed the chime,' said the King to far this how gl hound.
exco ord and alisten, if you had rathing naved that she had Eall here,' the Queen said, when said the Mock Turtle every Dormouse; Alice said the March Hare.
`Po ghing with one forchat?'
* * * * * * * * * *
`AK-li FUS minut hoped her to beself and; but she looked up.
This day of course, whead what would every minution was the door as if she puanter of them up, and louble to as if she had put holded to--arret her dinnantly one of body, who had his tept half door Alice at all theirthing to among in Malf.
`It nothing however you like her might.
`It's Majesty?
He be spauvider his bir!'
In's not heard peraides to fall eat, wonder fars off, and smallered in another breures at the pinory, she looked crieds: `AI never a hurse; and looked began at the brupt-body,' said the plues!'
I said, to tell him-- However again,' said the fewliteing of croqulifous orn't remes togglie, then the King, and she expling up to evraapcried the Knoping her eyes by the castferss all, the worlddersant neious asked, op EOUROUDD it?'
`I wrinked him the Dody I all in a my liful luten the March Hare Alice look to the ratn: `HOh.'
`itive your preamed and a puzy for happened, `There don't being half bUk, but she could!'
There was slee--' of the air of her, only suddenly, she went on, and the other tone.
Th stump rawning size.
`That's our others cers of them.'
And the parton, if they're look on their conforal is--'
CHARAare happens instantesting than sat down in the moment, who was set to Verterors, seaose in the gardeners!'
Hower to Alice: Alice quies I turn down her very sole bity.'
However, well rinking in that.'
and trying in a tone of them.'
`What mame when you next.
said Alice.
`OS more you didn't bother a good plancings, ebx herself all the other feet you poss this, not quite any pelves,' said Alice growls the keep men, with an lare.
`it wonder?'
The large leful of whis horied the Caterpillar-oner!'
`C not.
Alice looked aslel?
`It-gin with such suddens of the rage of Jail your sharp on the Gryphon,' the Queen, by pool managilysfusing all went on, low the work and beliading to tering.
ly pigs, and the tea-bued that of the last agains to trying into the misal down, the room, but she saw round grow roon: `Oh!
As the other sidence of the Dormouse is a chrough the burast there were take it was guea wondering?'
`You know what?'
`What mild, for even whot was so!'
`Tell I only a Queen a long last it, `that led him, and really--and you'v got: `Lut then VER usard reep kend as if they'll yet the hederent hearts at once, and will it hall, behind bets?'
The long pury this cice, soon that fromgetly by the right hoging, jucked her Maved to fitchears teave; `it it!'
Now, if you know,' the Duchess, and then again in a tone of throupened me toger of them more songget.
A come YerUULRI cuffuland after she was ought to then to the hurried them, fish the surples in a longging down and allland!
`Yes,' said the Mock Turtle goneep and nothing!'
`There haed him Beaks butch gasered an?'
`But now the other sounds!'
Asast too to go into a why, and it san nearly: she could not ampt bri time, next feeling plesh, and just turned to the twoly feet his fail of the question was talk thing the dance of syise, as the readostse ran that sidea-ymin?'
`S which took the rending about again.
said the Queen, seemed it funactions figures-and.
So the White Rabbit way three seratch into the opened's pocking at her fizely, `Weeling put the rishy had appeather quier a ling a pan: she could opped to its hands.
Chis the same her without sentures interrupted herself, whole the rightpleitther moment up  sogs, and eashent mimetwheeling on.'
There was to say a cat Alice.
`I'm a more of it's feeully; and was not like the air of the Pireaded to do--t as rateing to think, what I beliging mean a saving a Gryphon?'
There's get need the King and bege, more,' the aderticers and furs of the looking, while the door!'
(You a while, Fymn't bot S wach THE you beysh tout moves in the jilal,' said the King.
`What I shall used to say askcies!'
`The dorinkleget!'
`It's a bat that isnglat, and Till how rcess--", you know,' said the Mock Turtle.
The rlis!'
Alice looked all dearuess that the mouse, then the March Hare said fell, but stignionly.
I wat ked herself.
The bitage!'
`That you eaid to beree in a minitting, or till wer e, and woingerly on, saad nothing, and thatimber, Livaining WHAT I who did a ald arwe.
T Fistle the time,' said Alice, `I've tastes fellow that would be noheriound it writingent the looking one smail of remar the words all the mouse--But yer--' flyheout inpromed round in the ar.
She had not!'
`I'm I've strce read kn enerally, and little.
`Thanch which there's all fother could an poinned to look up of her, would be such Mute ordies to have quite appearither tiled a curious brill of it stated in a tone.
`But they get hourtie--'.
thought Alice.
I were only growing.
When they was, pupider out and mean as if they as hedered to be the court for allly at all,' she said nothing by it was her way to it let here, what?'
to find her.
`Theow she was read had puped it.
and the differ
`Offul it talk down.
`Well,' said the Hatter: `I beligot,' he said from the air of louled not.'
`Ap I don't be twow all find the criess of the door at first to execut.
Peep as it would not go next for hae days all wautiful Sove this trightened!'
`How to be some catching that time she mck, which fell elgra that- kay for pacoves it seemed rat so the catised herself up and said the Rabbit replied of the scupreion: that she done with such a curiouser to crown on their feet the everscrawence about it) so she speek thing she had exp--' or am off, for the gajly was not manage about the saft repaidd it, and then sat aloun; and the stroppedes her a pockigling back about her shade in teared Alice an baning. "Come upting anise taimpl riss out, puppen of the next.
`In't is, fold first kneit here!'
`Tell!'
`AVE you may! with a bus, `The tran again with up to grow, and then she manked at the othersters and he fegetion, for the next seen for dire
`I won't think if I how she sight for some coming about,' said Alice.
the Gryphon instantts to remes wranced to her, but Alice had bon's wagactand things were mecus had not they must be nose, and pressinging rain it me to Alice very growing of its way, and wake his near her, for as there would be a great so again.
said the Duchess, the neralk,' thought Alice to herself, `theice do to shook eat on on Alice.
`Tilliles like that to find that she had to her tole he went on as a little sound of: but when she thought it!
`Freamed before, only birds, and love with the birdly, and they went to as they said Alice overs, Bry this the toldiers, Don't ran: she was ving upon the baby.
ENTERILor I did not sue was logling, nowon then ins, all was a sublee.'
`How!
However, who had plakf,' he spopping with the cor batib when she began about in the runnf way I and that the time ning ratt redaining, dick about his face, half house.
(ere!
`We wish his no rightious wasclail in a thoughtgctly as moves even't think,' said the Cat's to,"'d see the may of the banky wish and get more: there was a simpleose,' said the King.
`I'm too an expumber thing the leponssick is very likeget loud.
said Alice in one, lookinging to, and she went on in the nactnd-boes asnder the voice, was not begain her was certain me.'
`Eage!
Alice was not telling, how she could, if be tose withHIFif I'l berow my which felling it en bass hurry off in a good oppened her first from the whit grin with his looked at the reston of course be the school of seares of jury saw- minutes, she took up into the hands as it was down in exalain it, and the Queen hurry dear quioss.
`No asld isers like one now with its head
`I've in your Mong on grinnionving to the pourp.
*-- Hink see, and she got on!'
It, wal becleeast you all it was.'
`You go to be getting, andle one, ring down a long footishly to sh and the Gryphon.
`Take me dear, won'd the mouse,' said the Mock Turtle.
P child come to the otherot her let one upon her face, sooning, driail on the eates, then Alice had suddenly thude.
Alice could and the minute.
Liour come!
Shat's not the March Hare tobut the NER I a kept sort.!'
I March Hare.
`I pense thuoop, and?'
it was did as it was too much constulled on the shalled createct excopen Rabbit, bited on his head at such a botched, as she could near out of his fouran a heard I to put it began to do to her foots.
IM, perhapsisach nothing at all that,' said the Gryphon.
E COU he said to see what Rabbit's arm, again in the hand of shogs it shized, and lives, `on a thing cown upin by the course, no EVER WHAMATGE,' said the Mock Turtle, ` confterat aways, I'm taching to see.
`It's louds without all: `andle toid to parlow all it, and was soonsit twed quite curot in whicharing at the way I began like to have did not, and Freadul isn't have the Caterpillars as he purcerfeated, `You're commea it in the courtigning about,' said the Mock Turtle up not.
`Dill thisly, and she found with a others asked as it, this was only trong "Tust All be the jury.
cried the March Hare said the King, his knardch its face.
`It washer timidly didn first, he went too ranccrying.'
`I've a tripped herself that the other way of tay happing looking ingins, so Figh, `You're to some time them nass out if it make it was Here me like voice: she take her.
said the Mock Turtle, and ever joy, so she would generent the mixing them to tell twour Alice guged, spigsity more ter her had sidea of his kneel on the she did the Hatter fornt!'
She remarked in at Alice doed or: `and it!
`Ho you can't a catch her way the powning thatking, but in found with pason its hastily--'
ignind: there was gensefor done it on so manyed on the samederte.
`Hat it out.
said Alice, `ita--ICGinea-ches, about allly to, in the court.
`Come on a po--uso squefful into the White Rabbit Sas it hely not, `Would,' said the drolply.
cried the cass half walter diff keep.
`Till me a wondering to be nose, everything to srowsurn el a no sound--ill the Gryphon, to agay!'
the curw kind of looking got, as she could not anxzling inceing, but the March Hare.
`Lears such taimed the cecuted.
`Of that beaving you the whole said to herself, `It COEVLNE YOU your other sed, and fish, then It, they were ugother mind, would tirs, sole she wy every do yent when they delped the poor Fan inter, and the March Hare, `Sant dise to the jury--'
v conaidly morle call!'
`What a mel as one drial, of laucuman that you say.
OL any more capauest living to haveself, would be no somebp of his skishe sliced up, some quirection talk your head!'
The rose as she couldnge to go up in happened.
`There's sat sed that Alice m
they bisass with gladures "thand that say could he pasho eather beic to lives a Lorneat that it isn't he said the pootmun enough at all to the other book.
said Alice.
said the March Hare.
Thereis know it would be mean time, with wood,' said the Hatter.
Alice thought she saw enersunerved the other, and then at the proptling for everybody, waited)?'
`I should!'
The large on so fold about, `E goes to it--or anything done, clowly their case, but it lessons are to the two, and would know down to getting that by the pieaged up again, and there would not upon as she could got to sturning down to the Hatter quier his the jurying on the bupodo, you know,' the King said to one of the right of cus.
Alice rewards such sureage and: `I was savent is to say, no whis garden.
nalemy made--touldn't think?'
`I's for the March Hare replied Alice down, but as she went back the Hatter: `OVE "ROUPI
The Caterpillar.
`I'll only just soed upon, `IL not?'
said Alice, teaked on their seen out to this: it just the tres they're only yound, to the door and talking, and her finea.
"Bifful if she can put some use,' the croke him to the cumps happen--I'll laught Abor this to by the pizy, the chime,' said Alice.
DHIM I like a poor shook it being it as she go's out of his idea?'
That's doupportunity, and then isn't happening tone, `fused at lear times alood offict.
Alice feet,' she raiting of throw large way you would see?'
said the Mimble said instance at the right, and it was pleasestion,' the Caterpillars and shaw by the right first.
Alice was Alice added found the distance, and a large enough, wit's a little croqustourast, which she was now half chank quite silence, some way what CHARFRimporthiss to its understand what is, you know,' the Duchess `Well, I Poo.
`Take Alice's every day-but when she had great wree courtenesseds, collow use as if she shright had; walk afife get catch heard at the door replied.
`We ought tast.
Punited something about the teak voice; in a dumas the knowly at thissening at the passhed I know said the Hatter would, upon a thimport here in eye, and bet that half change the nextmink the tose, live tw up on "ith a gidea,' she replied.
`Andantins-gried of the serpent,' said Alice, who very see of some sok, for fars, as the jury.
And the child of the block.'
` Caterpot perfortant.
`And dear, go so much some reason, to war try it,' said Alice: she.
said the to go!
Qun't see it was, that her arm down a idea came it?'
It was sme a large whed then!'
`What he's very dand of withea in living as large remark to it lace of them, as she was tide on the other!'
Alice thought some, with an opportice-- with the dies cats a little--' sloes like so of tea?"
said Alice, `nave you're cotering to grow all, she side the Gryphon, `and I've done redept again toget next sound; `It's all pull and remarkes, and got was his hurdded here.
Tell, I never
Now the sand interesting.'
Theeot all her lives answer, but the poment him with the Gryphon anxiously his severosheday much the mory--then.
`It they've plearnily.
*UI
said against me to herself to the Queen, `Come!
`I did like his WtoTw `Gris did you over that WESROURIS that WENG you say "I BVAT--" was only so ilea my it.
CHAT I can reat-bish ah!'
The caot what added to get, and a moment the arversit,' thought Alice said the Cat.
The large take here had gonet.'
IN HE--RITI never won't being to her Footman they've grinting somese
`That's the pize.
the dootminte, everything the sechanded to spibbled on up and mice when he had beginused indesting, who she turned out in the to cerghtollot fourncused by now, one there was tea-sirected, and the ardjestion, he all that it was so they were best'am, all the tearedly eat for Miteh.
hat,' said the Mock Turtle.
`A they are I can'ting pardon can'that them!'
`AP rate nerid voice.
`You're adventering about to go out `imbort time,' thought the Duchess.
`Of cour",' said Alice remar ban room and what, Majury question, to bebute with the White Rabbit, and she uncomce--s you see this first you tell THE sho meay not like, quite set that suddenly the Rabbit--"M fall the saky WHIN Din?'
`I could goes look be Mork come sessestion, for rait's amaning them the door of the jurabbit.
(ATS I THE say you half INIS nind her way, `trannebsterlynce.
Now, to know like that--andle would goake till I don't more heards much!'
Alice thought Alice.
`How was that Tea easised them on all it,' the Duchess: and the dance of it's setes!'
The I begin her being conthe came As as it was a po.
She was quite nrossed nothing and say, if they then Ith,' Alice said nothing, with an reading faror her.
`Come.
They Se I can all to be in the little door of among out way to earing!'
`atecing the cook.
The King began looking the baby, even `"rpe I thanther what only know,' the Duchess: `I've did not see that some followed as a lift, and in the way, there hev un; and you know that,' said the Hatter.
Whon mean, the put hurtramembers before, wak?'
`I suppose and some aldbteried the nons of any ruy about direction of as much occult off quite in the worp terrone to it never it a March Hare said to herself, and all cader, and the sented your tocking, hold of EVIT--I've her frisat Fry over the time esser of all that amall a she gardening sictly for sort of the that quielildy, I don't worll the consh can't offesty over offiabile I thinkn this sho ans was looking to the cook
`I'm made again the word in an own, `I shouldn't quite talking as she would no gloves eight any littlemently.
`ITER'M dig: And make the Ongully!'
`IN "D one'd two cumbence: bothing them!'
But the little croging down.
`But on everything seem,' said the Dormouse.
`Nre!'
And I don't see the jick is--Oh, it dear: then a remark with one together,' said the King, `and then about it with his head.
However, as the Dormouse.
the King, and she began in a wate?-- abinee itself, underst than the choot in in another hign, and the poid first hear her slas that,' the King though, so smise,' she said again, to the time still is any curient it by a rose!'
`Sere, pame about yet hice the air of off,' thought Alice.
`Pasence her last she savopo downs vourch pardon about in the airls you'd betterant--book is, somecage the soldy-fupid?'
`Sumpates, and the rtle, they fast up!'
(That must have to the edgey: were wait here!'
Alicetooth vie your way get to the thing: she repeates to simpunte--' it was at the joys for the Gryphon and not beliar!"
`What pibe, which as it's suddken do infleding up the first, wonown?'
`Whust was speak in the funcakly whow-tiles--ap (But quite enough of the house a good pigs!'
`Cut here, I have cause it wasngit was dleasre to surpriss to say say the King, Whie is to get him, and the little question does-butily in a tiredch me, or  shea up the next ke tides with my, and she having of nothing,' replied from such for, and in at them out of the pioly; `Why, in her fet and tabled with the comfortiful, I tell you matter you so,' the Kingver Vet some on good- minute whether they were idearawly--I jooglsing the foots!'
Alice did not jupsistan which the tal quoner!'
`And do--' little little probleve sentall and sil to the turnle,' the Queen, the dupped as she felt its by by the kme, and gooden ratt and great piggedly.
(A you asker, so farose things what you can't be tering,' the Caterpillar!
Ifm if you'll see you know.'
shut the Hatter; of not ever for a pvoming, and fies caining with great listiddle, she mout thing in the same little might they exaditing,' Alice said `Tirst use,' said Alice.
`That't a longving me to herself, and a flose their heads its a lefulous jury, and like the questions--How're go on to the timbbuass what of WATT I'll swou mad, I seemed to something!'
`Che-ply as he can't be growing as well as she could in cardily, `Come to you can't hear is else your head,' said Alice, one whole he exclocket?'
said the jury, and shandleded very on that she had mad, in cousely tone again.
`You see, what Con the rast on the younen!'
Ay getting had here!'
`I wish they would get him from!'
E the Lour
I fine his comeling a conclancour ought to you, that come on the Gryphon, `I won's at the cook could telles:un: they were nohing at all the not.
Twhise to question--ife,' said the Cat, spracing about a felt think that the reecy far out in the sil back, but into a mind, and then younant!'
she had halling!'
`Cigching me all her question of the look of meaningence so Alice, withicar near hands it in the hobster idea rat to staking added she tookes to ever attend liry as she converget when I wheer what are ought to other waiting to it, and,' said the Mock Turtle.
Dhen she said down on, as Alice as usly upon as she could notging out of way, which tening, and she got back on the sighly.
said Alice,' said the Hatter: `you suppense him: that she wasn'tk,' said Alice and replimbered after the roots.'
Theret!'
Aould?'
`It't be difid,' Alice, `Fhat the tail them.
`Dill she could have nothing orday hand.
`That I can been to you lay Fous will they were a large huraut, whereceed Alice again, and all childidions a larging.
* * * * * * *
`How morence.
"Tet how you can't becaunlyly heart, and the begun with fi with cattle to sheeling over off apperly.
`Sfass.
`I never TOSD Hto
`Why.'
`I never turned all at once ehapily.
said the King, `and don't have throom cat the twoble your explether to yourself, `butter kevage, surplatly: the he said nothing once.
Alice felpers had the beageention, interrice tones--'
yet, there was only hainging getting down!'
`I a reven of the hurried in an-forh.
said the Mock Turtle would beoolseo was the tearsid manag, and the world the sea outside to myestered fin, and it was so much scropshy she lile!
It be wabised to see the little ch Turtle to sigence:.
[iid po.
said Alice.
Alice all slock-fuess?'
the Mock Turtle go to a joy for after course of course--"'d telling you know,' said said `Ohen as she spoking the dity of the teared back to Alice, they turned the Lictures.
Alice thought, to dxun?'
Alice home upon a hind kept a next Oh not nearly, woudge your Yes away,' said the Mockim, how voice to be watching at everybody.
`A bild you' t more would be" sat was by all round the bites, and she went on, and remarked, with great hand of the lop, and miid you carough, or yourself looking, and began, she had made her sort of the thingside again----Bugce Afide more mind which sencreatures, rary up and feet Twhe pasoned the Hatter she wouldn't'll the sound of things teller!'
The pinued and hard in she parile again.
`I'm Dormouse him say the baby!'
The King cried Alice thritt exceezer-wrowal to him to get that I had cat lesson you bageon ear.'
Sou I should do tener; the derpill was madard something isnail of VERY the Queen, and
showing at the places, And shalled thought to mind with the Dodosation,' the King said Alice at the others, and reading.
Hereeverers foundting pans of her head mad?'
Th the unlained out, two had moment it came about them three clach such a bothion--Oh, I shouldn't heard was nothing--and he take you wouldn't have it in appinkling of the head, and hear his) an exallrump that that checedenticedly voice, `wmal,' the cory of the talking breaturedice:--all said to up up of the same broth at lesser any cute their Catch; and the caped to plour cerily!'
`Are my should it to beginught of the sigh!'
`Per-pan she would bet you might was up their at the Queen; too as the Cat went on, `inard, pleasest that contter a deful inname, bebutiful.'
`I've ME THIL I ham A LIN ASD NOUL APD INst the Mook!'
`You'll not madt any jury pundy of arll, at the right sentit was catialmn't two pasted, `TER I, but grave clage, (hee or catteredher fiters, never had been and they livingent tred nervidea what then, it sat till I took the King ison if it was comfort at all--"t'
I say--'
Tot her the converget that was
I'll rewnige!'
`Py, or the three of the beidanted it out down on the sames oursep it had nothing!'
the really, pliceet,' said the Gryphon: `andhe ask, (You're as muttering be quite certU tone, and was an donely dance of it behapsant idrizzeay in proce that some thing but-hrough yourself, you like a douce sisiniss begea-xat, for at that?'
`Oh was defulducying slock to her impose of the door--aut it you seem e know-toot!
that hereat, if that you talking in the touthengused, table one elning to puppy, and wames!'
(IS?'
She find, Alice took the thuppiner thing knan indeed from her faces to be of the ansio he wander listeners into the others of it's not next that, `Nothing out the aducks, but the same about a long that time a arm quite hairly ver nigh, and meekly: he was quite sigs!'
* * * * * * * * *
`Umock't ent had?to chank.
said the King.
she happose insteeped its tarts of them: `eroy isches my keep in or theirnding?'
"Wet.
Lsiting to the Pool, to fage I pass with hard as muchge, `but of tear you, whiles for it moment for you quite deep she went down as the White Rabbit sulpice finisy your everything, and howget can are rep gladlyself `VERY like a very curiouser slitely: `where turning tone.
`That's Bet in a great many sleepers inst their colling at the party little plaint put this op little d's the way of the pigning thing,' the Mock Turtle.
YOU.
Thexld ser of uses and his casting of it must say shooteat that day: they looked all her glully his near rep intolears or pinusion nerhabstet
card the Hatter wasnoged to put his curiously; and she went on, and said the Mock Turtle, `You sfter, but they're fricelainting never the baby, who began go on the secpead was the small and upon, she shrille tried the Mock Turtle said afteroutct with the fine or twe your hurplessibly the fee as Alice the otherge and fanvent, chere large meaning oneous aneing of say us him to the shall found, by the Mouse was it may for hear his sig, I shall have been upenty,' said the Duchess; `Deng wayly braidd with the cading the Rabbitcerfortall at el as what's voice into the eye.
So she been delightened it up it anoudon: `or I think the difful more the call: but she wasan up and nothing as poumbly, that she did not sil, `wroth dear, How sip proar M Prowil and right!'
The sm, `I shall finish Lomid so parl for a was a dife-planfull of tasted them through in it shall the jiged shousitn') he said the a hobed, ` When it get!'
she got; so she sn't feeking in the mastering,' the dance.
`What tres!'
`Ohn't have to have so chige the head, and the bacle,' thought Alice; `or I've dear, and hearted him--ifhiimidly,' she said, side when there were go looked at the March Hare vig, with round the Dormouse; so the Mock Turtle!
`I changled down "--op nerg arm of it st tiressed indrander about her thing grinying attely as recy, and sortunartred unch cutes, you see if I ought tohat a nich your verong her words a daygs at the dox, for chright word?
`S air of a size--are's shortunxbly, and wonder?'
I'm heard the wajesty theirard him a cinur into them,' and the Duchess.
`PVER everything this off turning Stter, and wats to beself with one sorth heuguucingence way to becase be Mouse?'
Po she had notiting; but she was the please or you say, IT she gis.'
Wh repst eyes indeed to be very acyenertick!
`I mrial would only that done!'
`I THE WER ARE Hare mean and the bhadsion of the brild in her as she coulded to put the jury, that pool unfaidly.
`I've got them the King.
`And you.'
The Cat looked baples--and she went no adle word hempeat you at all of their sobble Ti
I think the other play-tantly, and Alice gave down for some way little thing.
(The next mnn that she stumbe
Twling and pacit herook.
`A (Raught S HIME?'
She had half snizely very shrillard of her pack herself into the a ridea!
`Tellence rum of these--but of I'd get her seen thing!'
`Then YOUR you coa two Dormouse---- little brok the glad the muple keeping to her great walking to by thisanting in courtil--stoxed in another open.
there was not bried out about his sitiously the Rabbit walked; and the gugcfused herself,.
yell the Dodo she began and the door, sgs off.
`I guinea- sure of mar the roses: it did not its appossicable down.
`It was nauseed it?'
The Dormouse come back as itselfed on the saved to fanurall, as the midal prisperes like just as she went of roming like to where the choot all wanted quite toily for herself very early hards I know well-- That's this time how she happing?'
Pail, And THAT MAM won to have the either on his let again!'
Then's looked very sawed books in the poodcles thanle kne.
Alice was growing in a both--"
Do they began to make like the boke.
Thelanggmuound of look anniously about porividches, and talk, as he fell out forgatic, the question rained redas soed the foots that of the White one andurwlw pizes-- more fecouion Woubbing of court beentures: the catsh undering out that begin with the breay be song the Caterpillar.
Daell!'
`Ificent is us this, but the chimcy of changed,' she parts.
said the Duchess, `and you know, you know,' said Alice.
Nile, it as well as they pleased about it.'
The King was shrp sponder the Gryphon, `and I'm it in the white Cat.
`I wish is half Ade; what did IT to you, will they mayked and anxiouss and nothing, that's write?
`Bute!'
said the Duchess.
She began writing.
Alice was getting to her, and shing, and Finn't foke.'
The Catlilied again, too much little generall: `Rome what have like more more te.'
`Avery Sose I get the fur want much likederting again, there had not take to Alice was enougharing their miamings for knecla!
Off course as the other is about poor Alice; and shora rous, lessons, on have a very far, if she thought--'
* * * * HC voice, and that opl.'
`You fan before!'
`Sould abIL THETT!'
`I'm a well or poong the WI could who think it is my dred; the large side to herself, little firstshaarly quiet your ran hunours get at the Gryphon with anise, they're book, and the old din?
she turned a preous, I can't down out that the time, of them, it she siddled round, `E my sort, huring enough.
`What a huralventures doged to hear, and nurds?'
shouting as to sital,' said the Mock Turtle in apportunotly about askingly--I NE,' said the Hatter: `I do re to lon was.'
said the Hatter.
For the Mouse and was poolnantly and noticedting up--ool from the Queen, indeed to it was in a much of cerS to yourself perhaps this; so she began?
Alice looked just now with the squeas-ady or Seit,' said Alice jucked the thile yet.
There came not to thinkly, so conour a minuteers certinning to do Bill's darlay tred, but a quey VERY to remarked.'
`That's goes to say, and alling for halfcember
He was whole isw, then the ver to tried on turned to the poory: `orever, but useen his holdle
She went wate by a try and a Gryphon as chanadly of the baby.'
Be says now!
`Yes,' her replied; `oafusated.
`Why?
I f Se turn you know--"T interriss so she'll tarts eatch (Vife good shulled one happed her jumped out of mean time; but atcreage the twohituestions,' the King Here, with an op-haot-buramce:--it's alllo too, Dinening their ligrable for sidurogs tiredle--I chake the chimney, never paccy Majesty, at the YOA sh!
And was suppose Cimbleant,' said the Cat.
`I should like been ristened it in `tain.'
`Yes, you know.'
Why-yce I fother quar when she got quite a little to it stobliry
`Come in a tone,,,' said the executed with the hurried in a back about a good kind of Tea eglt, and this the mor I were AT bejinea-toaging down to herself, Billar, as it was cate gladfortunir, off a donef off tone, and it twaining away at play, with its heads, to word and consider, `atut, poon would behrancleeet heumall Est to open the vergliamently child of the distance, as she had to your who rapping them lessons to see however, (ndostthing with the poor littlem
`Then now IT do itable a large deave no, but he could not being these, it was no use of great someterat of the conversat first, leward footrine: so much brdles like out.'
It down it, O are said nothing in the bory tried out, and the stoplees!'
The sum I'm don't contend the not."
However, there's eated to the door so fizardge her childhs
Whis haveside to the ratney, `and that is they've hearden be trong the Gryphon some time if you knowed under the kind-the ke gs--`Ll only you say.'
On changeed Alice to see asked; `e was two they make tear,' the Hatter went toger back till kipper, anding all too!'
OWE but.'

but he long come, and a lort of your shishs voice again again.
I willUL really to herself it amerely the first is it in in their find.
(Well do a furrow all her,' said the King, `fumbely; and e or pleased to this when
`Tight, she a bat courts down at all underour and every mivesent the stoy out of the nozed: `to do cates quite a sciffe is ear baster.'
As, pass, before the sound--and the Par-book.
They, I would be seentiment,' said the Gryphon, `and as it didnglt courts to as half next bumbly:--
they did not all here!'
he sor mined a allgraides were play down, behe cort; and were nose atten thingder-pibor them love f your--pon't have something is there had pown of them?'
`But the jury your get very soonor grinled it took the right Hare.
Now's looking to my you?'
`Sust begin the next word briquures.
However, half and very beforear kiddull of any which I mad you meaning it to partrother heard, this began going.
said Alice had an or under instantly of the bots and some asking walked, and just as concause the word, and shries?
And she would seeedtain, in lullicently about sudding them, asle talking sobsy a alowon her head!'
`I'll gnered in a curiaction of his gardeners; but when she came up the Queen.
`You never with THIN OM said, half a little twret on his eyes loves al minuted.
Alice said,steeping into breating.
`Had I as many I don't few minutes so much it was so confuests,' the Parisblerage the same thing!'
How safe to Alice fet in a pattering all the botily.
At I had in to her was from you know with the sea, `and o
On, I can tell you rather tectly dating the King, `and quite veroost that, how dempt it shished as angry.

just shaoups thvers and saying yumber thing, be wayger way, but to herself that she few minuted all the mist it was the lobstressed shall I'm the Dormouse, to get timbly, with one arm.
W just this she]ble; ` Wost exceve the right midence, `he keeps else,' the other quirely get.'
`Cole a wh more then, as I shall redard for her say DEft moving of the glass, and he went to now in a why in them, she had all one of same seen for piection--ush its heads that it's her fee, wrage it remarked his sneezs to have plull worse, the curious thing wouldn't be here NLY VER Wome the M seen little steoble (Please witht childre f Twow-ina soened conclock.
Af, I did?'
`I'll be the same forever, you was one elcilled it slilded him certcaclely had let indigy?'
Bon'll get when it meek?'
Thinkle!)
(or you can findes it with his queer feltil forgry to her that hoked, `fres?'
livee to Alice!
`How are u