`But I'm NOT a serpent, I tell you!'
`I've so often read in the newspapers, at the end of trials, "There was some attempts at applause, which was immediately suppressed by the officers of the court," and I never understood what it meant till now.'
`I wonder what they'll do next!
they'll do well enough; don't be particular-- Here, Bill!
(`I only wish it was,' the March Hare said to itself in a whisper.)
`I'm NOT a serpent!'
`In my youth,' Father William replied to his son, `I feared it might injure the brain; But, now that I'm perfectly sure I have none, Why, I do it again and again.'
So she tucked it away under her arm, that it might not escape again, and went back for a little more conversation with her friend.
However, she got up, and began to repeat it, but her head was so full of the Lobster Quadrille, that she hardly knew what she was saying, and the words came very queer indeed:--
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
Five and Seven said nothing, but looked at Two.
Shall I try the experiment?'
`I don't quite understand you,' she said, as politely as she could.
As she said this, she came suddenly upon an open place, with a little house in it about four feet high.
`Suppose we change the subject,' the March Hare interrupted, yawning.
`It isn't directed at all,' said the White Rabbit; `in fact, there's nothing written on the OUTSIDE.'
Alice was silent.
`Oh, I BEG your pardon!'
said Alice indignantly, and she sat down in a large arm-chair at one end of the table.
Here one of the guinea-pigs cheered, and was immediately suppressed by the officers of the court.
This is the driest thing I know.
said the Lory, with a shiver.
But her sister sat still just as she left her, leaning her head on her hand, watching the setting sun, and thinking of little Alice and all her wonderful Adventures, till she too began dreaming after a fashion, and this was her dream:--
and ran the faster, while more and more faintly came, carried on the breeze that followed them, the melancholy words:--
Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?
As she said these words her foot slipped, and in another moment, splash!
(The jury all brightened up again.)
`Sixteenth,' added the Dormouse.
quite a chorus of voices asked.
It'll be no use their putting their heads down and saying "Come up again, dear!"
Ugh, Serpent!'
I dare say there may be ONE.'
`Ten hours the first day,' said the Mock Turtle: `nine the next, and so on.'
So she began nibbling at the righthand bit again, and did not venture to go near the house till she had brought herself down to nine inches high.
`I believe so,' Alice replied thoughtfully.
Alice called after it; and the others all joined in chorus, `Yes, please do!'
And yet I wish I could show you our cat Dinah: I think you'd take a fancy to cats if you could only see her.
said the Pigeon in a sulky tone, as it settled down again into its nest.
sighed the Lory, as soon as it was quite out of sight; and an old Crab took the opportunity of saying to her daughter `Ah, my dear!
`It isn't mine,' said the Hatter.
How she longed to get out of that dark hall, and wander about among those beds of bright flowers and those cool fountains, but she could not even get her head through the doorway; `and even if my head would go through,' thought poor Alice, `it would be of very little use without my shoulders.
(It was this last remark that had made the whole party look so grave and anxious.)
`Oh, I've had such a curious dream!'
I wish you would have this cat removed!'
said a timid voice at her side.
There's no pleasing them!'
`You did!'
`A fine day, your Majesty!'
Be off, or I'll kick you down stairs!'
`Don't grunt,' said Alice; `that's not at all a proper way of expressing yourself.'
The first question of course was, how to get dry again: they had a consultation about this, and after a few minutes it seemed quite natural to Alice to find herself talking familiarly with them, as if she had known them all her life.
`Come, there's half my plan done now!
`Fury said to a mouse, That he met in the house, "Let us both go to law: I will prosecute YOU.
`I'm afraid I am, sir,' said Alice; `I can't remember things as I used--and I don't keep the same size for ten minutes together!'
cried the Gryphon, and, taking Alice by the hand, it hurried off, without waiting for the end of the song.
`Why with an M?'
There was no label this time with the words `DRINK ME,' but nevertheless she uncorked it and put it to her lips.
The Cat seemed to think that there was enough of it now in sight, and no more of it appeared.
And certainly there was a most extraordinary noise going on within--a constant howling and sneezing, and every now and then a great crash, as if a dish or kettle had been broken to pieces.
It doesn't look like one, but it is.'
`A likely story indeed!'
said the Dormouse, who was sitting next to her.
`Well, perhaps you haven't found it so yet,' said Alice; `but when you have to turn into a chrysalis--you will some day, you know--and then after that into a butterfly, I should think you'll feel it a little queer, won't you?'
`I can tell you more than that, if you like,' said the Gryphon.
`I'm a poor man, your Majesty,' the Hatter began, in a trembling voice, `--and I hadn't begun my tea--not above a week or so--and what with the bread-and-butter getting so thin--and the twinkling of the tea--'
the Rabbit whispered in a frightened tone.
`Exactly so,' said the Hatter: `as the things get used up.'
The chief difficulty Alice found at first was in managing her flamingo: she succeeded in getting its body tucked away, comfortably enough, under her arm, with its legs hanging down, but generally, just as she had got its neck nicely straightened out, and was going to give the hedgehog a blow with its head, it WOULD twist itself round and look up in her face, with such a puzzled expression that she could not help bursting out laughing: and when she had got its head down, and was going to begin again, it was very provoking to find that the hedgehog had unrolled itself, and was in the act of crawling away: besides all this, there was generally a ridge or furrow in the way wherever she wanted to send the hedgehog to, and, as the doubled-up soldiers were always getting up and walking off to other parts of the ground, Alice soon came to the conclusion that it was a very difficult game indeed.
`You ought to be ashamed of yourself for asking such a simple question,' added the Gryphon; and then they both sat silent and looked at poor Alice, who felt ready to sink into the earth.
Seven flung down his brush, and had just begun `Well, of all the unjust things--' when his eye chanced to fall upon Alice, as she stood watching them, and he checked himself suddenly: the others looked round also, and all of them bowed low.
Her listeners were perfectly quiet till she got to the part about her repeating `YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,' to the Caterpillar, and the words all coming different, and then the Mock Turtle drew a long breath, and said `That's very curious.'
`Shan't,' said the cook.
Alice was thoroughly puzzled.
`Very true,' said the Duchess: `flamingoes and mustard both bite.
then the Rabbit's voice along--`Catch him, you by the hedge!'
`Really, now you ask me,' said Alice, very much confused, `I don't think--'
Alice was very nearly getting up and saying, `Thank you, sir, for your interesting story,' but she could not help thinking there MUST be more to come, so she sat still and said nothing.
`I can see you're trying to invent something!'
Two began in a low voice, `Why the fact is, you see, Miss, this here ought to have been a RED rose-tree, and we put a white one in by mistake; and if the Queen was to find it out, we should all have our heads cut off, you know.
`Only mustard isn't a bird,' Alice remarked.
`I've forgotten the words.'
Then they all crowded round her once more, while the Dodo solemnly presented the thimble, saying `We beg your acceptance of this elegant thimble'; and, when it had finished this short speech, they all cheered.
Who for such dainties would not stoop?
`Treacle,' said a sleepy voice behind her.
But I've got to see that the mouse doesn't get out."
said the March Hare.
`I thought you did,' said the Mouse.
While she was looking at the place where it had been, it suddenly appeared again.
Alice did not dare to disobey, though she felt sure it would all come wrong, and she went on in a trembling voice:--
`Where shall I begin, please your Majesty?'
wow!'
`I never saw one, or heard of one,' said Alice.
`If any one of them can explain it,' said Alice, (she had grown so large in the last few minutes that she wasn't a bit afraid of interrupting him,) `I'll give him sixpence.
cried Alice in a sorrowful tone, `I'm afraid I've offended it again!'
`Can you play croquet?'
Would not, could not, would not, could not, would not join the dance.
`Wow!
There were doors all round the hall, but they were all locked; and when Alice had been all the way down one side and up the other, trying every door, she walked sadly down the middle, wondering how she was ever to get out again.
`Well, perhaps your feelings may be different,' said Alice; `all I know is, it would feel very queer to ME.'
That's all.'
`Well!
`'Tis so,' said the Duchess: `and the moral of that is--"Oh, 'tis love, 'tis love, that makes the world go round!"'
Alice panted as she ran; but the Gryphon only answered `Come on!'
I do hope it'll make me grow large again, for really I'm quite tired of being such a tiny little thing!'
`One side of WHAT?
I suppose Dinah'll be sending me on messages next!'
Heads below!'
`Very much indeed,' said Alice.
And he got up very sulkily and crossed over to the other side of the court.
They had a large canvas bag, which tied up at the mouth with strings: into this they slipped the guinea-pig, head first, and then sat upon it.)
`You are old,' said the youth, `one would hardly suppose That your eye was as steady as ever; Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose-- What made you so awfully clever?'
`Wouldn't it really?'
said Alice.
`What are you thinking of?'
An invitation from the Queen to play croquet.'
cried the Mock Turtle, capering wildly about.
Who Stole the Tarts?
After a time she heard a little pattering of feet in the distance, and she hastily dried her eyes to see what was coming.
said Alice, and she told her sister, as well as she could remember them, all these strange Adventures of hers that you have just been reading about; and when she had finished, her sister kissed her, and said, `It WAS a curious dream, dear, certainly: but now run in to your tea; it's getting late.'
cried Alice, jumping up and down in an agony of terror.
said the Mouse, frowning, but very politely: `Did you speak?'
Alice looked at the jury-box, and saw that, in her haste, she had put the Lizard in head downwards, and the poor little thing was waving its tail about in a melancholy way, being quite unable to move.
`But about his toes?'
`We indeed!'
`Up, lazy thing!'
said one of the jurymen.
`A nice muddle their slates'll be in before the trial's over!'
when she got to the door, she found she had forgotten the little golden key, and when she went back to the table for it, she found she could not possibly reach it: she could see it quite plainly through the glass, and she tried her best to climb up one of the legs of the table, but it was too slippery; and when she had tired herself out with trying, the poor little thing sat down and cried.
the King said to Alice.
`Yes, we went to school in the sea, though you mayn't believe it--'
They are waiting on the shingle--will you come and join the dance?
said Seven.
Oh, I shouldn't like THAT!'
Oh dear, what nonsense I'm talking!'
Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
`How should I know?'
`Stolen!'
`I never went to him,' the Mock Turtle said with a sigh: `he taught Laughing and Grief, they used to say.'
`Beautiful Soup, so rich and green, Waiting in a hot tureen!
(The unfortunate little Bill had left off writing on his slate with one finger, as he found it made no mark; but he now hastily began again, using the ink, that was trickling down his face, as long as it lasted.)
Alice looked down at them, and considered a little before she gave her answer.
`But what happens when you come to the beginning again?'
At last the Gryphon said to the Mock Turtle, `Drive on, old fellow!
Let this be a lesson to you never to lose YOUR temper!'
`I should like it very much,' said Alice, `but I haven't been invited yet.'
First, she dreamed of little Alice herself, and once again the tiny hands were clasped upon her knee, and the bright eager eyes were looking up into hers--she could hear the very tones of her voice, and see that queer little toss of her head to keep back the wandering hair that WOULD always get into her eyes--and still as she listened, or seemed to listen, the whole place around her became alive the strange creatures of her little sister's dream.
However, at last she stretched her arms round it as far as they would go, and broke off a bit of the edge with each hand.
`Well, I never heard it before,' said the Mock Turtle; `but it sounds uncommon nonsense.'
`Fifteenth,' said the March Hare.
`A barrowful of WHAT?'
Now you know.'
`I don't see,' said the Caterpillar.
Alice crouched down among the trees as well as she could, for her neck kept getting entangled among the branches, and every now and then she had to stop and untwist it.
`Well, there was Mystery,' the Mock Turtle replied, counting off the subjects on his flappers, `--Mystery, ancient and modern, with Seaography: then Drawling--the Drawling-master was an old conger-eel, that used to come once a week: HE taught us Drawling, Stretching, and Fainting in Coils.'
--Come, I'll take no denial; We must have a trial: For really this morning I've nothing to do."
`If everybody minded their own business,' the Duchess said in a hoarse growl, `the world would go round a deal faster than it does.'
said Alice, (she had grown to her full size by this time.)
But here, to Alice's great surprise, the Duchess's voice died away, even in the middle of her favourite word `moral,' and the arm that was linked into hers began to tremble.
`Idiot!'
And oh, my poor hands, how is it I can't see you?'
`In my youth,' said his father, `I took to the law, And argued each case with my wife; And the muscular strength, which it gave to my jaw, Has lasted the rest of my life.'
`Not a bit,' said the Caterpillar.
There was a general clapping of hands at this: it was the first really clever thing the King had said that day.
Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
`Well, I can't show it you myself,' the Mock Turtle said: `I'm too stiff.
For instance, suppose it were nine o'clock in the morning, just time to begin lessons: you'd only have to whisper a hint to Time, and round goes the clock in a twinkling!
he added, turning to the Knave.
he replied.
`The Queen will hear you!
he said.
On various pretexts they all moved off, and Alice was soon left alone.
`Very uncomfortable for the Dormouse,' thought Alice; `only, as it's asleep, I suppose it doesn't mind.'
`It's no use speaking to it,' she thought, `till its ears have come, or at least one of them.'
`Each with a lobster as a partner!'
said Alice.
`I shall sit here,' he said, `on and off, for days and days.'
I am very tired of swimming about here, O Mouse!'
Then it got down off the mushroom, and crawled away in the grass, merely remarking as it went, `One side will make you grow taller, and the other side will make you grow shorter.'
She said the last word with such sudden violence that Alice quite jumped; but she saw in another moment that it was addressed to the baby, and not to her, so she took courage, and went on again:--
Why, there's hardly enough of me left to make ONE respectable person!'
`Everybody says "come on!"
`It's the oldest rule in the book,' said the King.
`Off with their heads!'
down she came upon a heap of sticks and dry leaves, and the fall was over.
Here the Queen put on her spectacles, and began staring at the Hatter, who turned pale and fidgeted.
I'LL soon make you dry enough!'
Poor Alice!
`I'm glad they don't give birthday presents like that!'
Alice gave a little scream of laughter.
`How do you know I'm mad?'
`Would it be of any use, now,' thought Alice, `to speak to this mouse?
`As if it wasn't trouble enough hatching the eggs,' said the Pigeon; `but I must be on the look-out for serpents night and day!
and gave a look askance-- Said he thanked the whiting kindly, but he would not join the dance.
thought Alice to herself, `after such a fall as this, I shall think nothing of tumbling down stairs!
She waited for some time without hearing anything more: at last came a rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices all talking together: she made out the words: `Where's the other ladder?--Why, I hadn't to bring but one; Bill's got the other--Bill!
`Call the first witness,' said the King; and the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and called out, `First witness!'
And she kept on puzzling about it while the Mouse was speaking, so that her idea of the tale was something like this:--
All this time the Queen had never left off staring at the Hatter, and, just as the Dormouse crossed the court, she said to one of the officers of the court, `Bring me the list of the singers in the last concert!'
(a loud crash)--`Now, who did that?--It was Bill, I fancy--Who's to go down the chimney?--Nay, I shan't!
`No, indeed,' said Alice.
She was a good deal frightened by this very sudden change, but she felt that there was no time to be lost, as she was shrinking rapidly; so she set to work at once to eat some of the other bit.
How funny it'll seem to come out among the people that walk with their heads downward!
`Oh, as to the whiting,' said the Mock Turtle, `they--you've seen them, of course?'
`I mean what I say,' the Mock Turtle replied in an offended tone.
Alice led the way, and the whole party swam to the shore.
Alice waited a little, half expecting to see it again, but it did not appear, and after a minute or two she walked on in the direction in which the March Hare was said to live.
It's high time you were all in bed!'
`And be quick about it,' added the Hatter, `or you'll be asleep again before it's done.'
`Please your Majesty,' said the Knave, `I didn't write it, and they can't prove I did: there's no name signed at the end.'
or `Off with her head!'
She'll get me executed, as sure as ferrets are ferrets!
No, I've made up my mind about it; if I'm Mabel, I'll stay down here!
By this time she had found her way into a tidy little room with a table in the window, and on it (as she had hoped) a fan and two or three pairs of tiny white kid gloves: she took up the fan and a pair of the gloves, and was just going to leave the room, when her eye fell upon a little bottle that stood near the looking- glass.
said Alice to herself, rather sharply; `I advise you to leave off this minute!'
Do cats eat bats?'
This seemed to Alice a good opportunity for making her escape; so she set off at once, and ran till she was quite tired and out of breath, and till the puppy's bark sounded quite faint in the distance.
she thought.
She soon got it out again, and put it right; `not that it signifies much,' she said to herself; `I should think it would be QUITE as much use in the trial one way up as the other.'
I never knew so much about a whiting before.'
shouted the Queen.
`It's all about as curious as it can be,' said the Gryphon.
Alice felt a little irritated at the Caterpillar's making such VERY short remarks, and she drew herself up and said, very gravely, `I think, you ought to tell me who YOU are, first.'
The Mouse looked at her rather inquisitively, and seemed to her to wink with one of its little eyes, but it said nothing.
`Not the same thing a bit!'
`And just as I'd taken the highest tree in the wood,' continued the Pigeon, raising its voice to a shriek, `and just as I was thinking I should be free of them at last, they must needs come wriggling down from the sky!
And she began thinking over other children she knew, who might do very well as pigs, and was just saying to herself, `if one only knew the right way to change them--' when she was a little startled by seeing the Cheshire Cat sitting on a bough of a tree a few yards off.
`I have answered three questions, and that is enough,' Said his father; `don't give yourself airs!
Quick, now!'
`Come on, then,' said the Queen, `and he shall tell you his history,'
said the King triumphantly, pointing to the tarts on the table.
`There's more evidence to come yet, please your Majesty,' said the White Rabbit, jumping up in a great hurry; `this paper has just been picked up.'
`No, I give it up,' Alice replied: `what's the answer?'
`Nobody asked YOUR opinion,' said Alice.
`You might just as well say,' added the Dormouse, who seemed to be talking in his sleep, `that "I breathe when I sleep" is the same thing as "I sleep when I breathe"!'
The question is, what did the archbishop find?'
`Is that the reason so many tea-things are put out here?'
`You know what to beautify is, I suppose?'
said the young Crab, a little snappishly.
I wouldn't be in Bill's place for a good deal: this fireplace is narrow, to be sure; but I THINK I can kick a little!'
`Well, I shan't go, at any rate,' said Alice: `besides, that's not a regular rule: you invented it just now.'
wow!'
`What a pity it wouldn't stay!'
the master says you're to go down the chimney!'
What WILL become of me?'
said Alice in a tone of delight, which changed into alarm in another moment, when she found that her shoulders were nowhere to be found: all she could see, when she looked down, was an immense length of neck, which seemed to rise like a stalk out of a sea of green leaves that lay far below her.
said the Queen, `and take this young lady to see the Mock Turtle, and to hear his history.
(For, with all her knowledge of history, Alice had no very clear notion how long ago anything had happened.)
`What sort of people live about here?'
After a while she remembered that she still held the pieces of mushroom in her hands, and she set to work very carefully, nibbling first at one and then at the other, and growing sometimes taller and sometimes shorter, until she had succeeded in bringing herself down to her usual height.
`Stand up and repeat "'TIS THE VOICE OF THE SLUGGARD,"' said the Gryphon.
She carried the pepper-box in her hand, and Alice guessed who it was, even before she got into the court, by the way the people near the door began sneezing all at once.
`A knot!'
The Dormouse had closed its eyes by this time, and was going off into a doze; but, on being pinched by the Hatter, it woke up again with a little shriek, and went on: `--that begins with an M, such as mouse-traps, and the moon, and memory, and muchness-- you know you say things are "much of a muchness"--did you ever see such a thing as a drawing of a muchness?'
`The first thing I've got to do,' said Alice to herself, as she wandered about in the wood, `is to grow to my right size again; and the second thing is to find my way into that lovely garden.
`You can't think how glad I am to see you again, you dear old thing!'
`You're a very poor speaker,' said the King.
And when I grow up, I'll write one--but I'm grown up now,' she added in a sorrowful tone; `at least there's no room to grow up any more HERE.'
The Hatter was the only one who got any advantage from the change: and Alice was a good deal worse off than before, as the March Hare had just upset the milk-jug into his plate.
And yesterday things went on just as usual.
He got behind Alice as he spoke.
"There is another shore, you know, upon the other side.
And she began fancying the sort of thing that would happen: `"Miss Alice!
I'm a hatter.'
For the Mouse was swimming away from her as hard as it could go, and making quite a commotion in the pool as it went.
London is the capital of Paris, and Paris is the capital of Rome, and Rome--no, THAT'S all wrong, I'm certain!
and he went on in these words:
Will you, won't you, will you, won't you, won't you join the dance?"'
`Does YOUR watch tell you what year it is?'
`They have their tails in their mouths--and they're all over crumbs.'
`I'll tell it her,' said the Mock Turtle in a deep, hollow tone: `sit down, both of you, and don't speak a word till I've finished.'
`I couldn't afford to learn it.'
`Nothing can be clearer than THAT.
thought Alice.
For instance, if you were INSIDE, you might knock, and I could let you out, you know.'
I shall be late!'
and the Dormouse sulkily remarked, `If you can't be civil, you'd better finish the story for yourself.'
`Mine is a long and a sad tale!'
said the Mouse to Alice severely.
`Here!
And the Gryphon added `Come, let's hear some of YOUR adventures.'
I almost think I can remember feeling a little different.
This speech caused a remarkable sensation among the party.
How I wonder what you're at!"
`I can hardly breathe.'
No, there were no tears.
At this moment the door of the house opened, and a large plate came skimming out, straight at the Footman's head: it just grazed his nose, and broke to pieces against one of the trees behind him.
`You MUST remember,' remarked the King, `or I'll have you executed.'
I gave her one, they gave him two, You gave us three or more; They all returned from him to you, Though they were mine before.
`Come, we shall have some fun now!'
`That WAS a narrow escape!'
`Give your evidence,' said the King; `and don't be nervous, or I'll have you executed on the spot.'
said the Caterpillar.
`Explain all that,' said the Mock Turtle.
`I--I'm a little girl,' said Alice, rather doubtfully, as she remembered the number of changes she had gone through that day.
`We won't talk about her any more if you'd rather not.'
[later editions continued as follows When the sands are all dry, he is gay as a lark, And will talk in contemptuous tones of the Shark, But, when the tide rises and sharks are around, His voice has a timid and tremulous sound.]
Alice's Evidence
Who ever saw one that size?
CHAPTER II
said Alice.
`I must go and get ready to play croquet with the Queen,' and she hurried out of the room.
`I must be growing small again.'
thought Alice.
said the Mock Turtle.
There was a large mushroom growing near her, about the same height as herself; and when she had looked under it, and on both sides of it, and behind it, it occurred to her that she might as well look and see what was on the top of it.
I almost wish I'd gone to see the Hatter instead!'
shouted the Queen.
said the Queen, who had meanwhile been examining the roses.
CHAPTER IX
I'll set Dinah at you!'
`Ah!
(Alice thought this must be the right way of speaking to a mouse: she had never done such a thing before, but she remembered having seen in her brother's Latin Grammar, `A mouse--of a mouse--to a mouse--a mouse--O mouse!')
Then came a little pattering of feet on the stairs.
`Let me alone!'
Here the other guinea-pig cheered, and was suppressed.
Alice had never been in a court of justice before, but she had read about them in books, and she was quite pleased to find that she knew the name of nearly everything there.
`Two days wrong!'
`That's different from what I used to say when I was a child,' said the Gryphon.
`I didn't know that Cheshire cats always grinned; in fact, I didn't know that cats COULD grin.'
`You did,' said the Mock Turtle.
Therefore I'm mad.'
`You might just as well say,' added the March Hare, `that "I like what I get" is the same thing as "I get what I like"!'
I'll try and say "How doth the little--"' and she crossed her hands on her lap as if she were saying lessons, and began to repeat it, but her voice sounded hoarse and strange, and the words did not come the same as they used to do:--
`THAT generally takes some time,' interrupted the Gryphon.
`What!
Which shall sing?'
`There might be some sense in your knocking,' the Footman went on without attending to her, `if we had the door between us.
The Dormouse shook its head impatiently, and said, without opening its eyes, `Of course, of course; just what I was going to remark myself.'
I'm never sure what I'm going to be, from one minute to another!
`I had NOT!'
`It's all her fancy, that: they never executes nobody, you know.
`Consider your verdict,' he said to the jury, in a low, trembling voice.
`Well, I'll eat it,' said Alice, `and if it makes me grow larger, I can reach the key; and if it makes me grow smaller, I can creep under the door; so either way I'll get into the garden, and I don't care which happens!'
(Dinah was the cat.)
`Begin at the beginning,' the King said gravely, `and go on till you come to the end: then stop.'
Ah, THAT'S the great puzzle!'
`You must be,' said the Cat, `or you wouldn't have come here.'
`Of course it is,' said the Duchess, who seemed ready to agree to everything that Alice said; `there's a large mustard-mine near here.
`Nor I,' said the March Hare.
For some minutes the whole court was in confusion, getting the Dormouse turned out, and, by the time they had settled down again, the cook had disappeared.
Alice ventured to ask.
she was up to her chin in salt water.
`You are not attending!'
`You are,' said the King.
Alice began to feel very uneasy: to be sure, she had not as yet had any dispute with the Queen, but she knew that it might happen any minute, `and then,' thought she, `what would become of me?
`He took me for his housemaid,' she said to herself as she ran.
She was moving them about as she spoke, but no result seemed to follow, except a little shaking among the distant green leaves.
Alice did not much like keeping so close to her: first, because the Duchess was VERY ugly; and secondly, because she was exactly the right height to rest her chin upon Alice's shoulder, and it was an uncomfortably sharp chin.
Some of the jury wrote it down `important,' and some `unimportant.'
Then followed the Knave of Hearts, carrying the King's crown on a crimson velvet cushion; and, last of all this grand procession, came THE KING AND QUEEN OF HEARTS.
`Why?'
`Tut, tut, child!'
`Of course not,' said the Mock Turtle: `why, if a fish came to ME, and told me he was going a journey, I should say "With what porpoise?"'
As soon as she was small enough to get through the door, she ran out of the house, and found quite a crowd of little animals and birds waiting outside.
When I used to read fairy-tales, I fancied that kind of thing never happened, and now here I am in the middle of one!
And here poor Alice began to cry again, for she felt very lonely and low-spirited.
said Five.
`What's in it?'
`Thank you,' said Alice, `it's very interesting.
`They lived on treacle,' said the Dormouse, after thinking a minute or two.
`This here young lady,' said the Gryphon, `she wants for to know your history, she do.'
`Then it ought to be Number One,' said Alice.
So she set the little creature down, and felt quite relieved to see it trot away quietly into the wood.
`I wish I hadn't mentioned Dinah!'
`Have some wine,' the March Hare said in an encouraging tone.
said the Lory.
`Turn a somersault in the sea!'
`A cheap sort of present!'
`Herald, read the accusation!'
However, she soon made out that she was in the pool of tears which she had wept when she was nine feet high.
In another moment down went Alice after it, never once considering how in the world she was to get out again.
That WILL be a queer thing, to be sure!
`That's the first question, you know.'
There was no `One, two, three, and away,' but they began running when they liked, and left off when they liked, so that it was not easy to know when the race was over.
on their slates, and she could even make out that one of them didn't know how to spell `stupid,' and that he had to ask his neighbour to tell him.
here,' thought Alice, as she went slowly after it: `I never was so ordered about in all my life, never!'
`I don't know of any that do,' Alice said very politely, feeling quite pleased to have got into a conversation.
(And, as you might like to try the thing yourself, some winter day, I will tell you how the Dodo managed it.)
said Alice, and she put them into a large flower-pot that stood near.
I shall never get to twenty at that rate!
This time Alice waited patiently until it chose to speak again.
`We had the best of educations--in fact, we went to school every day--'
`--as far out to sea as you can--'
It means much the same thing,' said the Duchess, digging her sharp little chin into Alice's shoulder as she added, `and the moral of THAT is--"Take care of the sense, and the sounds will take care of themselves."'
`My name is Alice, so please your Majesty,' said Alice very politely; but she added, to herself, `Why, they're only a pack of cards, after all.
`And now which is which?'
However, the Multiplication Table doesn't signify: let's try Geography.
On this the White Rabbit blew three blasts on the trumpet, and then unrolled the parchment scroll, and read as follows:--
`That is not said right,' said the Caterpillar.
`Ahem!'
`If it had grown up,' she said to herself, `it would have made a dreadfully ugly child: but it makes rather a handsome pig, I think.'
`I deny it!'
`An arm, you goose!
and a Canary called out in a trembling voice to its children, `Come away, my dears!
It's always six o'clock now.'
`I shall do nothing of the sort,' said the Mouse, getting up and walking away.
`Why, there they are!'
`When I'M a Duchess,' she said to herself, (not in a very hopeful tone though), `I won't have any pepper in my kitchen AT ALL.
Then again--"BEFORE SHE HAD THIS FIT--" you never had fits, my dear, I think?'
`Call the next witness.'
`But perhaps it was only sobbing,' she thought, and looked into its eyes again, to see if there were any tears.
She is such a dear quiet thing,' Alice went on, half to herself, as she swam lazily about in the pool, `and she sits purring so nicely by the fire, licking her paws and washing her face--and she is such a nice soft thing to nurse--and she's such a capital one for catching mice--oh, I beg your pardon!'
What happened to you?
She had just succeeded in curving it down into a graceful zigzag, and was going to dive in among the leaves, which she found to be nothing but the tops of the trees under which she had been wandering, when a sharp hiss made her draw back in a hurry: a large pigeon had flown into her face, and was beating her violently with its wings.
Here was another puzzling question; and as Alice could not think of any good reason, and as the Caterpillar seemed to be in a VERY unpleasant state of mind, she turned away.
`I don't believe it,' said the Pigeon; `but if they do, why then they're a kind of serpent, that's all I can say.'
Lastly, she pictured to herself how this same little sister of hers would, in the after-time, be herself a grown woman; and how she would keep, through all her riper years, the simple and loving heart of her childhood: and how she would gather about her other little children, and make THEIR eyes bright and eager with many a strange tale, perhaps even with the dream of Wonderland of long ago: and how she would feel with all their simple sorrows, and find a pleasure in all their simple joys, remembering her own child-life, and the happy summer days.
It quite makes my forehead ache!'
THE MILLENNIUM FULCRUM EDITION 3.0
she repeated in a wondering tone.
`Give your evidence,' the King repeated angrily, `or I'll have you executed, whether you're nervous or not.'
Hardly knowing what she did, she picked up a little bit of stick, and held it out to the puppy; whereupon the puppy jumped into the air off all its feet at once, with a yelp of delight, and rushed at the stick, and made believe to worry it; then Alice dodged behind a great thistle, to keep herself from being run over; and the moment she appeared on the other side, the puppy made another rush at the stick, and tumbled head over heels in its hurry to get hold of it; then Alice, thinking it was very like having a game of play with a cart-horse, and expecting every moment to be trampled under its feet, ran round the thistle again; then the puppy began a series of short charges at the stick, running a very little way forwards each time and a long way back, and barking hoarsely all the while, till at last it sat down a good way off, panting, with its tongue hanging out of its mouth, and its great eyes half shut.
And oh, I wish you could see her after the birds!
Down the Rabbit-Hole
They all sat down at once, in a large ring, with the Mouse in the middle.
And she thought of herself, `I wish the creatures wouldn't be so easily offended!'
`Now, I'll manage better this time,' she said to herself, and began by taking the little golden key, and unlocking the door that led into the garden.
There was nothing else to do, so Alice soon began talking again.
`Well, I should like to be a LITTLE larger, sir, if you wouldn't mind,' said Alice: `three inches is such a wretched height to be.'
`I know what "it" means well enough, when I find a thing,' said the Duck: `it's generally a frog or a worm.
Alice did not wish to offend the Dormouse again, so she began very cautiously: `But I don't understand.
I'll try if I know all the things I used to know.
`Yes, but I grow at a reasonable pace,' said the Dormouse: `not in that ridiculous fashion.'
`I don't know where Dinn may be,' said the Mock Turtle, `but if you've seen them so often, of course you know what they're like.'
`You couldn't have wanted it much,' said Alice; `living at the bottom of the sea.'
`Nearly two miles high,' added the Queen.
Suppress him!
So they sat down, and nobody spoke for some minutes.
Alice thought this a very curious thing, and she went nearer to watch them, and just as she came up to them she heard one of them say, `Look out now, Five!
`Then you may SIT down,' the King replied.
`I haven't the least idea what you're talking about,' said Alice.
`I keep them to sell,' the Hatter added as an explanation; `I've none of my own.
`It's a pun!'
`There's certainly too much pepper in that soup!'
The Knave did so, very carefully, with one foot.
`Never mind!'
There ought to be a book written about me, that there ought!
`Yes,' said Alice doubtfully: `it means--to--make--anything--prettier.'
`I wish I had our Dinah here, I know I do!'
Last came a little feeble, squeaking voice, (`That's Bill,' thought Alice,) `Well, I hardly know--No more, thank ye; I'm better now--but I'm a deal too flustered to tell you--all I know is, something comes at me like a Jack-in-the-box, and up I goes like a sky-rocket!'
`You're thinking about something, my dear, and that makes you forget to talk.
Alice replied eagerly, for she was always ready to talk about her pet: `Dinah's our cat.
`You promised to tell me your history, you know,' said Alice, `and why it is you hate--C and D,' she added in a whisper, half afraid that it would be offended again.
`It's a mineral, I THINK,' said Alice.
[later editions continued as follows The Panther took pie-crust, and gravy, and meat, While the Owl had the dish as its share of the treat.
The Lobster Quadrille
fetch it here, lad!--Here, put 'em up at this corner--No, tie 'em together first--they don't reach half high enough yet--Oh!
The other side of WHAT?'
WHAT are you?'
he said to the Queen.
She went on growing, and growing, and very soon had to kneel down on the floor: in another minute there was not even room for this, and she tried the effect of lying down with one elbow against the door, and the other arm curled round her head.
the Mock Turtle repeated thoughtfully.
_I_ don't believe there's an atom of meaning in it.'
First came ten soldiers carrying clubs; these were all shaped like the three gardeners, oblong and flat, with their hands and feet at the corners: next the ten courtiers; these were ornamented all over with diamonds, and walked two and two, as the soldiers did.
said Alice in a tone of great surprise.
`What a curious plan!'
Silence all round, if you please!
As a duck with its eyelids, so he with his nose Trims his belt and his buttons, and turns out his toes.'
`Do you know why it's called a whiting?'
`Ah, well!
cried Alice, quite forgetting in the flurry of the moment how large she had grown in the last few minutes, and she jumped up in such a hurry that she tipped over the jury-box with the edge of her skirt, upsetting all the jurymen on to the heads of the crowd below, and there they lay sprawling about, reminding her very much of a globe of goldfish she had accidentally upset the week before.
For, you see, so many out-of-the-way things had happened lately, that Alice had begun to think that very few things indeed were really impossible.
Alice heard it say to itself `Then I'll go round and get in at the window.'
`Serpent, I say again!'
`I wonder how many miles I've fallen by this time?'
Do come back again, and we won't talk about cats or dogs either, if you don't like them!'
`Would you like to see a little of it?'
said Alice, surprised at her own courage.
it asked.
Alice did not quite know what to say to this: so she helped herself to some tea and bread-and-butter, and then turned to the Dormouse, and repeated her question.
`I think you might do something better with the time,' she said, `than waste it in asking riddles that have no answers.'
`But it's no use now,' thought poor Alice, `to pretend to be two people!
said the March Hare.
`Of course,' the Dodo replied very gravely.
The moment Alice appeared, she was appealed to by all three to settle the question, and they repeated their arguments to her, though, as they all spoke at once, she found it very hard indeed to make out exactly what they said.
`Then, you know,' the Mock Turtle went on, `you throw the--'
Alice sighed wearily.
`Well, at any rate, the Dormouse said--' the Hatter went on, looking anxiously round to see if he would deny it too: but the Dormouse denied nothing, being fast asleep.
Alice laughed so much at this, that she had to run back into the wood for fear of their hearing her; and when she next peeped out the Fish-Footman was gone, and the other was sitting on the ground near the door, staring stupidly up into the sky.
Take your choice!'
`The trial cannot proceed,' said the King in a very grave voice, `until all the jurymen are back in their proper places-- ALL,' he repeated with great emphasis, looking hard at Alice as he said do.
`Now, I give you fair warning,' shouted the Queen, stamping on the ground as she spoke; `either you or your head must be off, and that in about half no time!
This piece of rudeness was more than Alice could bear: she got up in great disgust, and walked off; the Dormouse fell asleep instantly, and neither of the others took the least notice of her going, though she looked back once or twice, half hoping that they would call after her: the last time she saw them, they were trying to put the Dormouse into the teapot.
the Caterpillar called after her.
`What else have you got in your pocket?'
Alice said very humbly; `I won't interrupt again.
said the Duchess.
`I know SOMETHING interesting is sure to happen,' she said to herself, `whenever I eat or drink anything; so I'll just see what this bottle does.
`They were obliged to have him with them,' the Mock Turtle said: `no wise fish would go anywhere without a porpoise.'
For a minute or two she stood looking at the house, and wondering what to do next, when suddenly a footman in livery came running out of the wood--(she considered him to be a footman because he was in livery: otherwise, judging by his face only, she would have called him a fish)--and rapped loudly at the door with his knuckles.
Lewis Carroll
Alice was beginning to get very tired of sitting by her sister on the bank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeped into the book her sister was reading, but it had no pictures or conversations in it, `and what is the use of a book,' thought Alice `without pictures or conversation?'
`Hold your tongue, Ma!'
`It must have been that,' said the King, `unless it was written to nobody, which isn't usual, you know.'
`If you knew Time as well as I do,' said the Hatter, `you wouldn't talk about wasting IT.
The only things in the kitchen that did not sneeze, were the cook, and a large cat which was sitting on the hearth and grinning from ear to ear.
It did so indeed, and much sooner than she had expected: before she had drunk half the bottle, she found her head pressing against the ceiling, and had to stoop to save her neck from being broken.
said the Queen.
CHAPTER III
Here the Dormouse shook itself, and began singing in its sleep `Twinkle, twinkle, twinkle, twinkle--' and went on so long that they had to pinch it to make it stop.
Let me see: that would be four thousand miles down, I think--' (for, you see, Alice had learnt several things of this sort in her lessons in the schoolroom, and though this was not a VERY good opportunity for showing off her knowledge, as there was no one to listen to her, still it was good practice to say it over) `--yes, that's about the right distance--but then I wonder what Latitude or Longitude I've got to?'
CHAPTER XI
`You are old,' said the youth, `and your jaws are too weak For anything tougher than suet; Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak-- Pray how did you manage to do it?'
`--and just take his head off outside,' the Queen added to one of the officers: but the Hatter was out of sight before the officer could get to the door.
`I wasn't asleep,' he said in a hoarse, feeble voice: `I heard every word you fellows were saying.'
He was looking up into the sky all the time he was speaking, and this Alice thought decidedly uncivil.
The Queen's Croquet-Ground
The poor little thing sobbed again (or grunted, it was impossible to say which), and they went on for some while in silence.
(In which the cook and the baby joined):--
The further off from England the nearer is to France-- Then turn not pale, beloved snail, but come and join the dance.
She felt very curious to know what it was all about, and crept a little way out of the wood to listen.
So she was considering in her own mind (as well as she could, for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chain would be worth the trouble of getting up and picking the daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her.
said Alice; not that she wanted much to know, but the Dodo had paused as if it thought that SOMEBODY ought to speak, and no one else seemed inclined to say anything.
`Exactly so,' said Alice.
she said aloud.
The Rabbit Sends in a Little Bill
As there seemed to be no chance of getting her hands up to her head, she tried to get her head down to them, and was delighted to find that her neck would bend about easily in any direction, like a serpent.
And here Alice began to get rather sleepy, and went on saying to herself, in a dreamy sort of way, `Do cats eat bats?
Alice did not feel encouraged to ask any more questions about it, so she turned to the Mock Turtle, and said `What else had you to learn?'
And she went on planning to herself how she would manage it.
`How surprised he'll be when he finds out who I am!
Alice was not a bit hurt, and she jumped up on to her feet in a moment: she looked up, but it was all dark overhead; before her was another long passage, and the White Rabbit was still in sight, hurrying down it.
"Edwin and Morcar, the earls of Mercia and Northumbria, declared for him: and even Stigand, the patriotic archbishop of Canterbury, found it advisable--"'
It was high time to go, for the pool was getting quite crowded with the birds and animals that had fallen into it: there were a Duck and a Dodo, a Lory and an Eaglet, and several other curious creatures.
the Duchess, the Duchess!
Alice went on eagerly.
This answer so confused poor Alice, that she let the Dormouse go on for some time without interrupting it.
`I didn't know it was YOUR table,' said Alice; `it's laid for a great many more than three.'
* * * * * *
The Hatter was the first to break the silence.
and the King put on his spectacles and looked anxiously round, to make out who was talking.
`And how did you manage on the twelfth?'
sh!'
There are no mice in the air, I'm afraid, but you might catch a bat, and that's very like a mouse, you know.
`He denies it,' said the King: `leave out that part.'
`You are old,' said the youth, `as I mentioned before, And have grown most uncommonly fat; Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door-- Pray, what is the reason of that?'
`I beg your pardon!'
`Oh, a song, please, if the Mock Turtle would be so kind,' Alice replied, so eagerly that the Gryphon said, in a rather offended tone, `Hm!
`I never heard of "Uglification,"' Alice ventured to say.
At last the Mock Turtle recovered his voice, and, with tears running down his cheeks, he went on again:--
she said, without even looking round.
`It is wrong from beginning to end,' said the Caterpillar decidedly, and there was silence for some minutes.
Alice thought she might as well go back, and see how the game was going on, as she heard the Queen's voice in the distance, screaming with passion.
`You may not have lived much under the sea--' (`I haven't,' said Alice)-- `and perhaps you were never even introduced to a lobster--' (Alice began to say `I once tasted--' but checked herself hastily, and said `No, never') `--so you can have no idea what a delightful thing a Lobster Quadrille is!'
I suppose you'll be telling me next that you never tasted an egg!'
`Poor little thing!'
Would not, could not, would not, could not, could not join the dance.
Alice looked all round the table, but there was nothing on it but tea.
`Chorus again!'
said the Queen, tossing her head impatiently; and, turning to Alice, she went on, `What's your name, child?'
`--change lobsters, and retire in same order,' continued the Gryphon.
either the locks were too large, or the key was too small, but at any rate it would not open any of them.
`It's a friend of mine--a Cheshire Cat,' said Alice: `allow me to introduce it.'
So she set to work, and very soon finished off the cake.
`Please would you tell me,' said Alice, a little timidly, for she was not quite sure whether it was good manners for her to speak first, `why your cat grins like that?'
`Back to land again, and that's all the first figure,' said the Mock Turtle, suddenly dropping his voice; and the two creatures, who had been jumping about like mad things all this time, sat down again very sadly and quietly, and looked at Alice.
Pennyworth only of beautiful Soup?
cried Alice again, for this time the Mouse was bristling all over, and she felt certain it must be really offended.
However, it was over at last, and they sat down again in a ring, and begged the Mouse to tell them something more.
While the Duchess sang the second verse of the song, she kept tossing the baby violently up and down, and the poor little thing howled so, that Alice could hardly hear the words:--
`Once upon a time there were three little sisters,' the Dormouse began in a great hurry; `and their names were Elsie, Lacie, and Tillie; and they lived at the bottom of a well--'
Only I don't think,' Alice went on, `that they'd let Dinah stop in the house if it began ordering people about like that!'
`What did they draw?'
`Repeat, "YOU ARE OLD, FATHER WILLIAM,"' said the Caterpillar.
`Yes!'
and the three gardeners instantly threw themselves flat upon their faces.
`Of course you don't!'
So she began again: `Ou est ma chatte?'
`Just about as much right,' said the Duchess, `as pigs have to fly; and the m--'
All the time they were playing the Queen never left off quarrelling with the other players, and shouting `Off with his head!'
HEARTHRUG, NEAR THE FENDER, (WITH ALICE'S LOVE).
said the Rabbit in a low, hurried tone.
`Did you say "What a pity!"?'
`I hope they'll remember her saucer of milk at tea-time.
Alice didn't think that proved it at all; however, she went on `And how do you know that you're mad?'
How queer everything is to-day!
The Mouse did not answer, so Alice went on eagerly: `There is such a nice little dog near our house I should like to show you!
`Very,' said Alice: `--where's the Duchess?'
when suddenly, thump!
`That's the reason they're called lessons,' the Gryphon remarked: `because they lessen from day to day.'
`But I'm not used to it!'
It was all very well to say `Drink me,' but the wise little Alice was not going to do THAT in a hurry.
They had not gone far before they saw the Mock Turtle in the distance, sitting sad and lonely on a little ledge of rock, and, as they came nearer, Alice could hear him sighing as if his heart would break.
This sounded promising, certainly: Alice turned and came back again.
So they began solemnly dancing round and round Alice, every now and then treading on her toes when they passed too close, and waving their forepaws to mark the time, while the Mock Turtle sang this, very slowly and sadly:--
she said to herself in a melancholy tone.
`"What matters it how far we go?"
which was the first sentence in her French lesson-book.
Let me see: four times five is twelve, and four times six is thirteen, and four times seven is--oh dear!
`Tell us a story!'
`You should learn not to make personal remarks,' Alice said with some severity; `it's very rude.'
And she began thinking over all the children she knew that were of the same age as herself, to see if she could have been changed for any of them.
After a while, finding that nothing more happened, she decided on going into the garden at once; but, alas for poor Alice!
Alice asked in a tone of great curiosity.
Let me see: I'll give them a new pair of boots every Christmas.'
said the Mock Turtle to the Gryphon.
said the Caterpillar.
`I dare say you're wondering why I don't put my arm round your waist,' the Duchess said after a pause: `the reason is, that I'm doubtful about the temper of your flamingo.
Advice from a Caterpillar
Her first idea was that she had somehow fallen into the sea, `and in that case I can go back by railway,' she said to herself.
`As wet as ever,' said Alice in a melancholy tone: `it doesn't seem to dry me at all.'
but the Mouse only shook its head impatiently, and walked a little quicker.
said the Rabbit's voice; and Alice called out as loud as she could, `If you do.
`She boxed the Queen's ears--' the Rabbit began.
`That would be grand, certainly,' said Alice thoughtfully: `but then--I shouldn't be hungry for it, you know.'
In a little while, however, she again heard a little pattering of footsteps in the distance, and she looked up eagerly, half hoping that the Mouse had changed his mind, and was coming back to finish his story.
`It's--it's a very fine day!'
`I dare say you never even spoke to Time!'
The Pool of Tears
`That's none of YOUR business, Two!'
`Sentence first--verdict afterwards.'
`In THAT direction,' the Cat said, waving its right paw round, `lives a Hatter: and in THAT direction,' waving the other paw, `lives a March Hare.
`Same as if he had a bone in his throat,' said the Gryphon: and it set to work shaking him and punching him in the back.
`Now at OURS they had at the end of the bill, "French, music, AND WASHING--extra."'
As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they COULD!
`Oh, my poor little feet, I wonder who will put on your shoes and stockings for you now, dears?
`Shy, they seem to put everything upon Bill!
`What a curious feeling!'
said the King sharply.
`So they were,' said the Dormouse; `VERY ill.'
`When we were little,' the Mock Turtle went on at last, more calmly, though still sobbing a little now and then, `we went to school in the sea.
"William the Conqueror, whose cause was favoured by the pope, was soon submitted to by the English, who wanted leaders, and had been of late much accustomed to usurpation and conquest.
(As that is rather a hard word, I will just explain to you how it was done.
`Why did they live at the bottom of a well?'
pleaded poor Alice.
She said this last word two or three times over to herself, being rather proud of it: for she thought, and rightly too, that very few little girls of her age knew the meaning of it at all.
No accounting for tastes!
`I could tell you my adventures--beginning from this morning,' said Alice a little timidly: `but it's no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.'
`What a funny watch!'
`I'd nearly forgotten to ask.'
`--so long as I get SOMEWHERE,' Alice added as an explanation.
said the voice.
said the Lory hastily.
`There's a great deal to come before that!'
`You may go,' said the King, and the Hatter hurriedly left the court, without even waiting to put his shoes on.
`Why, SHE, of course,' said the Dodo, pointing to Alice with one finger; and the whole party at once crowded round her, calling out in a confused way, `Prizes!
`Please come back and finish your story!'
the Rabbit hastily interrupted.
`I passed by his garden, and marked, with one eye, How the Owl and the Panther were sharing a pie--'
But she went on all the same, shedding gallons of tears, until there was a large pool all round her, about four inches deep and reaching half down the hall.
`And what are they made of?'
`You don't know much,' said the Duchess; `and that's a fact.'
`In that case,' said the Dodo solemnly, rising to its feet, `I move that the meeting adjourn, for the immediate adoption of more energetic remedies--'
`Wake up, Alice dear!'
`We called him Tortoise because he taught us,' said the Mock Turtle angrily: `really you are very dull!'
* * * * * * *
* * * * * *
`What was that?'
Please, Ma'am, is this New Zealand or Australia?'
thought Alice.
said the Mock Turtle with a sigh.
`Or would you like the Mock Turtle to sing you a song?'
There was a dead silence instantly, and Alice thought to herself, `I wonder what they WILL do next!
`We must burn the house down!'
`All right,' said the Cat; and this time it vanished quite slowly, beginning with the end of the tail, and ending with the grin, which remained some time after the rest of it had gone.
`If you're going to turn into a pig, my dear,' said Alice, seriously, `I'll have nothing more to do with you.
`I don't like the look of it at all,' said the King: `however, it may kiss my hand if it likes.'
`They told me you had been to her, And mentioned me to him: She gave me a good character, But said I could not swim.
Alice's Adventures in Wonderland
He looked at the Gryphon as if he thought it had some kind of authority over Alice.
`Let's go on with the game,' the Queen said to Alice; and Alice was too much frightened to say a word, but slowly followed her back to the croquet-ground.
First, however, she waited for a few minutes to see if she was going to shrink any further: she felt a little nervous about this; `for it might end, you know,' said Alice to herself, `in my going out altogether, like a candle.
She generally gave herself very good advice, (though she very seldom followed it), and sometimes she scolded herself so severely as to bring tears into her eyes; and once she remembered trying to box her own ears for having cheated herself in a game of croquet she was playing against herself, for this curious child was very fond of pretending to be two people.
`How cheerfully he seems to grin, How neatly spread his claws, And welcome little fishes in With gently smiling jaws!'
`Come, there's no use in crying like that!'
So she swallowed one of the cakes, and was delighted to find that she began shrinking directly.
`Now we shall get on better.'
The Duchess took no notice of them even when they hit her; and the baby was howling so much already, that it was quite impossible to say whether the blows hurt it or not.
said Alice.
`Yes,' said Alice, `we learned French and music.'
This was quite a new idea to Alice, and she thought it over a little before she made her next remark.
She drew her foot as far down the chimney as she could, and waited till she heard a little animal (she couldn't guess of what sort it was) scratching and scrambling about in the chimney close above her: then, saying to herself `This is Bill,' she gave one sharp kick, and waited to see what would happen next.
`I said pig,' replied Alice; `and I wish you wouldn't keep appearing and vanishing so suddenly: you make one quite giddy.'
`I've heard something like it,' said Alice.
`--or next day, maybe,' the Footman continued in the same tone, exactly as if nothing had happened.
The Hatter shook his head mournfully.
So Alice got up and ran off, thinking while she ran, as well she might, what a wonderful dream it had been.
`What for?'
`No,' said Alice.
So they had to fall a long way.
`So he did, so he did,' said the Gryphon, sighing in his turn; and both creatures hid their faces in their paws.
The Queen turned crimson with fury, and, after glaring at her for a moment like a wild beast, screamed `Off with her head!
Come and help me out of THIS!'
thought Alice.
The Cat's head began fading away the moment he was gone, and, by the time he had come back with the Duchess, it had entirely disappeared; so the King and the executioner ran wildly up and down looking for it, while the rest of the party went back to the game.
I shall be a great deal too far off to trouble myself about you: you must manage the best way you can; --but I must be kind to them,' thought Alice, `or perhaps they won't walk the way I want to go!
And with that she began nursing her child again, singing a sort of lullaby to it as she did so, and giving it a violent shake at the end of every line:
Alice was very glad to find her in such a pleasant temper, and thought to herself that perhaps it was only the pepper that had made her so savage when they met in the kitchen.
`It tells the day of the month, and doesn't tell what o'clock it is!'
Alice opened the door and found that it led into a small passage, not much larger than a rat-hole: she knelt down and looked along the passage into the loveliest garden you ever saw.
that accounts for it,' said the Hatter.
`Here!'
Alice kept her eyes anxiously fixed on it, for she felt sure she would catch a bad cold if she did not get dry very soon.
`I'm sure those are not the right words,' said poor Alice, and her eyes filled with tears again as she went on, `I must be Mabel after all, and I shall have to go and live in that poky little house, and have next to no toys to play with, and oh!
I almost wish I hadn't gone down that rabbit-hole--and yet--and yet--it's rather curious, you know, this sort of life!
Alice thought to herself, `I don't see how he can EVEN finish, if he doesn't begin.'
`Come, that finished the guinea-pigs!'
At this moment the King, who had been for some time busily writing in his note-book, cackled out `Silence!'
Soo--oop of the e--e--evening, Beautiful, beauti--FUL SOUP!'
`I've read that in some book, but I don't remember where.'
Oh dear!
If they had any sense, they'd take the roof off.'
As soon as she had made out the proper way of nursing it, (which was to twist it up into a sort of knot, and then keep tight hold of its right ear and left foot, so as to prevent its undoing itself,) she carried it out into the open air.
`What IS a Caucus-race?'
she asked.
`Fetch me my gloves this moment!'
`They couldn't have done that, you know,' Alice gently remarked; `they'd have been ill.'
`No, please go on!'
In the very middle of the court was a table, with a large dish of tarts upon it: they looked so good, that it made Alice quite hungry to look at them--`I wish they'd get the trial done,' she thought, `and hand round the refreshments!'
the March Hare interrupted in a great hurry.
They all made a rush at Alice the moment she appeared; but she ran off as hard as she could, and soon found herself safe in a thick wood.
`A cat may look at a king,' said Alice.
she thought.
`Why?'
`But I don't want to go among mad people,' Alice remarked.
Turn that Dormouse out of court!
You know the song, perhaps?'
`I don't much care where--' said Alice.
Alice said nothing: she had never been so much contradicted in her life before, and she felt that she was losing her temper.
CHORUS.
(IF you don't know what a Gryphon is, look at the picture.)
The other guests had taken advantage of the Queen's absence, and were resting in the shade: however, the moment they saw her, they hurried back to the game, the Queen merely remarking that a moment's delay would cost them their lives.
the soldiers shouted in reply.
`It was much pleasanter at home,' thought poor Alice, `when one wasn't always growing larger and smaller, and being ordered about by mice and rabbits.
`It's a Cheshire cat,' said the Duchess, `and that's why.
shouted the Gryphon, with a bound into the air.
"Coming in a minute, nurse!
A large rose-tree stood near the entrance of the garden: the roses growing on it were white, but there were three gardeners at it, busily painting them red.
No room!'
Alice felt that this could not be denied, so she tried another question.
The soldiers were silent, and looked at Alice, as the question was evidently meant for her.
`I couldn't help it,' said Five, in a sulky tone; `Seven jogged my elbow.'
`The lobsters!'
He was an old crab, HE was.'
said Alice, in a hurry to change the subject.
was heard in the distance.
Alice whispered to the Gryphon.
said Alice.
And she tried to fancy what the flame of a candle is like after the candle is blown out, for she could not remember ever having seen such a thing.
he said, turning to Alice: he had taken his watch out of his pocket, and was looking at it uneasily, shaking it every now and then, and holding it to his ear.
When she got back to the Cheshire Cat, she was surprised to find quite a large crowd collected round it: there was a dispute going on between the executioner, the King, and the Queen, who were all talking at once, while all the rest were quite silent, and looked very uncomfortable.
`They all can,' said the Duchess; `and most of 'em do.'
`Change lobsters again!'
She was close behind it when she turned the corner, but the Rabbit was no longer to be seen: she found herself in a long, low hall, which was lit up by a row of lamps hanging from the roof.
`I'm sure I'm not Ada,' she said, `for her hair goes in such long ringlets, and mine doesn't go in ringlets at all; and I'm sure I can't be Mabel, for I know all sorts of things, and she, oh!
`Treacle,' said the Dormouse, without considering at all this time.
Who cares for fish, Game, or any other dish?
Alice had been looking over his shoulder with some curiosity.
`Come back!'
`You've no right to grow here,' said the Dormouse.
And Alice was so much frightened that she ran off at once in the direction it pointed to, without trying to explain the mistake it had made.
`Mary Ann!
and the procession moved on, three of the soldiers remaining behind to execute the unfortunate gardeners, who ran to Alice for protection.
they both cried.
muttered the Hatter.
ALL PERSONS MORE THAN A MILE HIGH TO LEAVE THE COURT.'
The great question certainly was, what?
said Alice loudly.
`Why, SHE,' said the Gryphon.
It's enough to drive one crazy!'
However, everything is queer to-day.'
Down, down, down.
There could be no doubt that it had a VERY turn-up nose, much more like a snout than a real nose; also its eyes were getting extremely small for a baby: altogether Alice did not like the look of the thing at all.
Which way?
He sent them word I had not gone (We know it to be true): If she should push the matter on, What would become of you?
Off with his head!"'
`Go on with the next verse,' the Gryphon repeated impatiently: `it begins "I passed by his garden."'
`Off with his head!'
`Thinking again?'
`But, it goes on "THEY ALL RETURNED FROM HIM TO YOU,"' said Alice.
Which brought them back again to the beginning of the conversation.
The Duchess!
(Alice had no idea what Latitude was, or Longitude either, but thought they were nice grand words to say.)
`That I can't remember,' said the Hatter.
`I'm glad I've seen that done,' thought Alice.
said Alice.
said Alice, as she swam about, trying to find her way out.
`I've had nothing yet,' Alice replied in an offended tone, `so I can't take more.'
`I'm afraid I can't put it more clearly,' Alice replied very politely, `for I can't understand it myself to begin with; and being so many different sizes in a day is very confusing.'
`At any rate I'll never go THERE again!'
She had already heard her sentence three of the players to be executed for having missed their turns, and she did not like the look of things at all, as the game was in such confusion that she never knew whether it was her turn or not.
`That's right!'
`I'm very sorry you've been annoyed,' said Alice, who was beginning to see its meaning.
`Well, then,' the Cat went on, `you see, a dog growls when it's angry, and wags its tail when it's pleased.
`Anything you like,' said the Footman, and began whistling.
`Not I!'
`Then it doesn't matter which way you go,' said the Cat.
`What is it?'
She was a little nervous about it just at first, the two creatures got so close to her, one on each side, and opened their eyes and mouths so VERY wide, but she gained courage as she went on.
`I want a clean cup,' interrupted the Hatter: `let's all move one place on.'
or `Off with her head!'
And how odd the directions will look!
`We can do without lobsters, you know.
said Alice.
`I'm getting tired of this.
said the March Hare.
`What for?'
`I think I should understand that better,' Alice said very politely, `if I had it written down: but I can't quite follow it as you say it.'
the Duchess began in a low, weak voice.
`I'VE been to a day-school, too,' said Alice; `you needn't be so proud as all that.'
`Then you keep moving round, I suppose?'
The Mock Turtle sighed deeply, and began, in a voice sometimes choked with sobs, to sing this:--
`Perhaps not,' Alice cautiously replied: `but I know I have to beat time when I learn music.'
`Oh, you're sure to do that,' said the Cat, `if you only walk long enough.'
Mind now!'
which produced another dead silence.
At last the Dodo said, `EVERYBODY has won, and all must have prizes.'
said Alice; `I must be shutting up like a telescope.'
said the others.
She did not get hold of anything, but she heard a little shriek and a fall, and a crash of broken glass, from which she concluded that it was just possible it had fallen into a cucumber-frame, or something of the sort.
So she began: `O Mouse, do you know the way out of this pool?
She was walking by the White Rabbit, who was peeping anxiously into her face.
`I'm a poor man, your Majesty,' he began.
said the Hatter.
Those whom she sentenced were taken into custody by the soldiers, who of course had to leave off being arches to do this, so that by the end of half an hour or so there were no arches left, and all the players, except the King, the Queen, and Alice, were in custody and under sentence of execution.
said the Pigeon.
However, on the second time round, she came upon a low curtain she had not noticed before, and behind it was a little door about fifteen inches high: she tried the little golden key in the lock, and to her great delight it fitted!
Twinkle, twinkle--"'
`And how many hours a day did you do lessons?'
`Nothing WHATEVER?'
Alice thought the whole thing very absurd, but they all looked so grave that she did not dare to laugh; and, as she could not think of anything to say, she simply bowed, and took the thimble, looking as solemn as she could.
`And what an ignorant little girl she'll think me for asking!
Alice said to herself, as well as she could for sneezing.
`After that,' continued the Hatter, `I cut some more bread- and-butter--'
The Mock Turtle went on.
said the one who had spoken first.
`Yes,' said Alice, `I've often seen them at dinn--' she checked herself hastily.
Visit either you like: they're both mad.'
`Well, perhaps not,' said Alice in a soothing tone: `don't be angry about it.
The Dormouse again took a minute or two to think about it, and then said, `It was a treacle-well.'
`If I eat one of these cakes,' she thought, `it's sure to make SOME change in my size; and as it can't possibly make me larger, it must make me smaller, I suppose.'
While she was trying to fix on one, the cook took the cauldron of soup off the fire, and at once set to work throwing everything within her reach at the Duchess and the baby --the fire-irons came first; then followed a shower of saucepans, plates, and dishes.
`By-the-bye, what became of the baby?'
`But what did the Dormouse say?'
`Come, it's pleased so far,' thought Alice, and she went on.
`Sure, it does, yer honour: but it's an arm for all that.'
So she went in search of her hedgehog.
she remarked.
However, I've got back to my right size: the next thing is, to get into that beautiful garden--how IS that to be done, I wonder?'
It was as much as she could do, lying down on one side, to look through into the garden with one eye; but to get through was more hopeless than ever: she sat down and began to cry again.
This time there were TWO little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass.
`Who is it directed to?'
Don't go splashing paint over me like that!'
`I HAVE tasted eggs, certainly,' said Alice, who was a very truthful child; `but little girls eat eggs quite as much as serpents do, you know.'
(The jury all looked puzzled.)
She ate a little bit, and said anxiously to herself, `Which way?
the Hatter said, tossing his head contemptuously.
cried the Gryphon.
`No, they're not,' said the White Rabbit, `and that's the queerest thing about it.'
`I call it purring, not growling,' said Alice.
`Who are YOU?'
(when she thought it over afterwards, it occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this, but at the time it all seemed quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually TOOK A WATCH OUT OF ITS WAISTCOAT- POCKET, and looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice started to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket, or a watch to take out of it, and burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop down a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.
Next came an angry voice--the Rabbit's--`Pat!
`It IS a long tail, certainly,' said Alice, looking down with wonder at the Mouse's tail; `but why do you call it sad?'
about once in a minute.
Alice did not quite like the look of the creature, but on the whole she thought it would be quite as safe to stay with it as to go after that savage Queen: so she waited.
CHORUS.
`It all came different!'
`What do you know about this business?'
`Speak roughly to your little boy, And beat him when he sneezes: He only does it to annoy, Because he knows it teases.'
`Ah!
said Alice, a good deal frightened at the sudden change, but very glad to find herself still in existence; `and now for the garden!'
`Wake up, Dormouse!'
`You're wrong about the crumbs,' said the Mock Turtle: `crumbs would all wash off in the sea.
`Why,' said the Dodo, `the best way to explain it is to do it.'
CHAPTER IV
persisted the King.
roared the Queen, and Alice joined the procession, wondering very much what would happen next.
`Can't remember WHAT things?'
said the Queen, in a shrill, loud voice, and the three gardeners instantly jumped up, and began bowing to the King, the Queen, the royal children, and everybody else.
`Did you say pig, or fig?'
`I beg pardon, your Majesty,' he began, `for bringing these in: but I hadn't quite finished my tea when I was sent for.'
said the Cat.
She pitied him deeply.
`Reeling and Writhing, of course, to begin with,' the Mock Turtle replied; `and then the different branches of Arithmetic-- Ambition, Distraction, Uglification, and Derision.'
Nobody moved.
`You are old, Father William,' the young man said, `And your hair has become very white; And yet you incessantly stand on your head-- Do you think, at your age, it is right?'
Down, down, down.
Come here directly, and get ready for your walk!"
Alice began in a loud, indignant voice, but she stopped hastily, for the White Rabbit cried out, `Silence in the court!'
Oh my fur and whiskers!
`Oh!
Let me see--how IS it to be managed?
They were indeed a queer-looking party that assembled on the bank--the birds with draggled feathers, the animals with their fur clinging close to them, and all dripping wet, cross, and uncomfortable.
`Take some more tea,' the March Hare said to Alice, very earnestly.
`I never said I didn't!'
`Does the boots and shoes!'
The King laid his hand upon her arm, and timidly said `Consider, my dear: she is only a child!'
--SAID I COULD NOT SWIM--" you can't swim, can you?'
* * * * * * *
Off--'
`How are you getting on?'
The Queen had only one way of settling all difficulties, great or small.
`I speak severely to my boy, I beat him when he sneezes; For he can thoroughly enjoy The pepper when he pleases!'
`Do you take me for a dunce?
When the procession came opposite to Alice, they all stopped and looked at her, and the Queen said severely `Who is this?'
As she said this she looked down at her hands, and was surprised to see that she had put on one of the Rabbit's little white kid gloves while she was talking.
The hedgehog was engaged in a fight with another hedgehog, which seemed to Alice an excellent opportunity for croqueting one of them with the other: the only difficulty was, that her flamingo was gone across to the other side of the garden, where Alice could see it trying in a helpless sort of way to fly up into a tree.
`Stupid things!'
So she sat on, with closed eyes, and half believed herself in Wonderland, though she knew she had but to open them again, and all would change to dull reality--the grass would be only rustling in the wind, and the pool rippling to the waving of the reeds--the rattling teacups would change to tinkling sheep- bells, and the Queen's shrill cries to the voice of the shepherd boy--and the sneeze of the baby, the shriek of the Gryphon, and all the other queer noises, would change (she knew) to the confused clamour of the busy farm-yard--while the lowing of the cattle in the distance would take the place of the Mock Turtle's heavy sobs.
`I don't see any wine,' she remarked.
repeated the Pigeon, but in a more subdued tone, and added with a kind of sob, `I've tried every way, and nothing seems to suit them!'
the Duchess said to Alice, flinging the baby at her as she spoke.
But she waited patiently.
`Shall we try another figure of the Lobster Quadrille?'
said the Caterpillar sternly.
she said to herself, and nibbled a little of the right-hand bit to try the effect: the next moment she felt a violent blow underneath her chin: it had struck her foot!
And the moral of that is--"Birds of a feather flock together."'
I only wish people knew that: then they wouldn't be so stingy about it, you know--'
`Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?'
Alice thought she might as well wait, as she had nothing else to do, and perhaps after all it might tell her something worth hearing.
First, because I'm on the same side of the door as you are; secondly, because they're making such a noise inside, no one could possibly hear you.'
`Well, then,' the Gryphon went on, `if you don't know what to uglify is, you ARE a simpleton.'
said the King.
`I quite agree with you,' said the Duchess; `and the moral of that is--"Be what you would seem to be"--or if you'd like it put more simply--"Never imagine yourself not to be otherwise than what it might appear to others that what you were or might have been was not otherwise than what you had been would have appeared to them to be otherwise."'
`There isn't any,' said the March Hare.
Stop this moment, I tell you!'
`Oh, you can't help that,' said the Cat: `we're all mad here.
`Who ARE you talking to?'
`Of course not,' Alice replied very readily: `but that's because it stays the same year for such a long time together.'
It was the White Rabbit returning, splendidly dressed, with a pair of white kid gloves in one hand and a large fan in the other: he came trotting along in a great hurry, muttering to himself as he came, `Oh!
said Alice.
said the Queen.
`Please, then,' said Alice, `how am I to get in?'
Still she went on growing, and, as a last resource, she put one arm out of the window, and one foot up the chimney, and said to herself `Now I can do no more, whatever happens.
Prizes!'
`But what am I to do?'
He moved on as he spoke, and the Dormouse followed him: the March Hare moved into the Dormouse's place, and Alice rather unwillingly took the place of the March Hare.
The March Hare took the watch and looked at it gloomily: then he dipped it into his cup of tea, and looked at it again: but he could think of nothing better to say than his first remark, `It was the BEST butter, you know.'
"Twinkle, twinkle, little bat!
But do cats eat bats, I wonder?'
`That's the judge,' she said to herself, `because of his great wig.'
After these came the royal children; there were ten of them, and the little dears came jumping merrily along hand in hand, in couples: they were all ornamented with hearts.
`How dreadfully savage!'
I've often seen a cat without a grin,' thought Alice; `but a grin without a cat!
`Why did you call him Tortoise, if he wasn't one?'
THE END
CHAPTER I
said the Queen, pointing to the three gardeners who were lying round the rosetree; for, you see, as they were lying on their faces, and the pattern on their backs was the same as the rest of the pack, she could not tell whether they were gardeners, or soldiers, or courtiers, or three of her own children.
Alice could see, as well as if she were looking over their shoulders, that all the jurors were writing down `stupid things!'
This question the Dodo could not answer without a great deal of thought, and it sat for a long time with one finger pressed upon its forehead (the position in which you usually see Shakespeare, in the pictures of him), while the rest waited in silence.
`Thank you, it's a very interesting dance to watch,' said Alice, feeling very glad that it was over at last: `and I do so like that curious song about the whiting!'
`I'd rather finish my tea,' said the Hatter, with an anxious look at the Queen, who was reading the list of singers.
`So you did, old fellow!'
`And who are THESE?'
`How do you like the Queen?'
`Have you guessed the riddle yet?'
`Of course twinkling begins with a T!'
The Mouse only growled in reply.
"You can really have no notion how delightful it will be When they take us up and throw us, with the lobsters, out to sea!"
`You're enough to try the patience of an oyster!'
I shall only look up and say "Who am I then?
exclaimed Alice, who had not attended to this last remark, `it's a vegetable.
`Once,' said the Mock Turtle at last, with a deep sigh, `I was a real Turtle.'
`Serpent!'
for, you see, as she couldn't answer either question, it didn't much matter which way she put it.
`Yes, I think you'd better leave off,' said the Gryphon: and Alice was only too glad to do so.
It looked good- natured, she thought: still it had VERY long claws and a great many teeth, so she felt that it ought to be treated with respect.
The Hatter's remark seemed to have no sort of meaning in it, and yet it was certainly English.
said the Duchess, as she tucked her arm affectionately into Alice's, and they walked off together.
Alice looked up, and there stood the Queen in front of them, with her arms folded, frowning like a thunderstorm.
said Alice, as she leant against a buttercup to rest herself, and fanned herself with one of the leaves: `I should have liked teaching it tricks very much, if--if I'd only been the right size to do it!
On which Seven looked up and said, `That's right, Five!
The Footman seemed to think this a good opportunity for repeating his remark, with variations.
And then a voice she had never heard before, `Sure then I'm here!
`No,' said the Caterpillar.
And she's such a capital one for catching mice you can't think!
How brave they'll all think me at home!
`Talking of axes,' said the Duchess, `chop off her head!'
Do you think you could manage it?)
pleaded Alice.
`Why should it?'
`I didn't!'
`Sure, it's an arm, yer honour!'
`There's no such thing!'
`Oh, I'm not particular as to size,' Alice hastily replied; `only one doesn't like changing so often, you know.'
Alice was not much surprised at this, she was getting so used to queer things happening.
Alice thought she had never seen such a curious croquet-ground in her life; it was all ridges and furrows; the balls were live hedgehogs, the mallets live flamingoes, and the soldiers had to double themselves up and to stand on their hands and feet, to make the arches.
Come on!'
William's conduct at first was moderate.
And she squeezed herself up closer to Alice's side as she spoke.
they cried out when they saw Alice coming.
`I can't explain MYSELF, I'm afraid, sir' said Alice, `because I'm not myself, you see.'
`How CAN I have done that?'
And in she went.
`He won't stand beating.
yelled the Gryphon at the top of its voice.
The Fish-Footman began by producing from under his arm a great letter, nearly as large as himself, and this he handed over to the other, saying, in a solemn tone, `For the Duchess.
Alice glanced rather anxiously at the cook, to see if she meant to take the hint; but the cook was busily stirring the soup, and seemed not to be listening, so she went on again: `Twenty-four hours, I THINK; or is it twelve?
`And where HAVE my shoulders got to?
`I haven't opened it yet,' said the White Rabbit, `but it seems to be a letter, written by the prisoner to--to somebody.'
`Well!'
I wonder if I've been changed in the night?
`Of course it was,' said the Mock Turtle.
There was a dead silence.
`One, indeed!'
`Yes, it IS his business!'
`Never!'
`Would YOU like cats if you were me?'
`HE might bite,' Alice cautiously replied, not feeling at all anxious to have the experiment tried.
Next came the guests, mostly Kings and Queens, and among them Alice recognised the White Rabbit: it was talking in a hurried nervous manner, smiling at everything that was said, and went by without noticing her.
(Which he certainly did NOT, being made entirely of cardboard.)
Alice said; but was dreadfully puzzled by the whole thing, and longed to change the subject.
This was such a new idea to Alice, that she was quite silent for a minute or two, which gave the Pigeon the opportunity of adding, `You're looking for eggs, I know THAT well enough; and what does it matter to me whether you're a little girl or a serpent?'
`Perhaps it doesn't understand English,' thought Alice; `I daresay it's a French mouse, come over with William the Conqueror.'
`I didn't mean it!'
`You!'
`They can't have anything to put down yet, before the trial's begun.'
When the pie was all finished, the Owl, as a boon, Was kindly permitted to pocket the spoon: While the Panther received knife and fork with a growl, And concluded the banquet--]
thought Alice; `I might as well be at school at once.'
`Well, I've tried to say "HOW DOTH THE LITTLE BUSY BEE," but it all came different!'
She was looking about for some way of escape, and wondering whether she could get away without being seen, when she noticed a curious appearance in the air: it puzzled her very much at first, but, after watching it a minute or two, she made it out to be a grin, and she said to herself `It's the Cheshire Cat: now I shall have somebody to talk to.'
Alice looked all round her at the flowers and the blades of grass, but she did not see anything that looked like the right thing to eat or drink under the circumstances.
She got up and went to the table to measure herself by it, and found that, as nearly as she could guess, she was now about two feet high, and was going on shrinking rapidly: she soon found out that the cause of this was the fan she was holding, and she dropped it hastily, just in time to avoid shrinking away altogether.
then yours wasn't a really good school,' said the Mock Turtle in a tone of great relief.
`What IS the fun?'
She took down a jar from one of the shelves as she passed; it was labelled `ORANGE MARMALADE', but to her great disappointment it was empty: she did not like to drop the jar for fear of killing somebody, so managed to put it into one of the cupboards as she fell past it.
Alice waited till the eyes appeared, and then nodded.
`No, no!'
pleaded poor Alice in a piteous tone.
`Oh, there's no use in talking to him,' said Alice desperately: `he's perfectly idiotic!'
The adventures first,' said the Gryphon in an impatient tone: `explanations take such a dreadful time.'
And then, turning to the rose-tree, she went on, `What HAVE you been doing here?'
`What IS the use of repeating all that stuff,' the Mock Turtle interrupted, `if you don't explain it as you go on?
`But everything's curious today.
`That's very important,' the King said, turning to the jury.
said the Mouse, turning to Alice, and sighing.
The Hatter opened his eyes very wide on hearing this; but all he SAID was, `Why is a raven like a writing-desk?'
You MUST have meant some mischief, or else you'd have signed your name like an honest man.'
said the Mouse with an important air, `are you all ready?
`I must be getting somewhere near the centre of the earth.
`I wish you wouldn't squeeze so.'
The first thing she heard was a general chorus of `There goes Bill!'
And yet I don't know,' he went on, spreading out the verses on his knee, and looking at them with one eye; `I seem to see some meaning in them, after all. "
Edwin and Morcar, the earls of Mercia and Northumbria--"'
No, it'll never do to ask: perhaps I shall see it written up somewhere.'
`I suppose so,' said Alice.
Hush!'
`And yet what a dear little puppy it was!'
cried the Gryphon, and the Mock Turtle had just begun to repeat it, when a cry of `The trial's beginning!'
`Then the words don't FIT you,' said the King, looking round the court with a smile.
`Oh, don't bother ME,' said the Duchess; `I never could abide figures!'
The King looked anxiously at the White Rabbit, who said in a low voice, `Your Majesty must cross-examine THIS witness.'
`But perhaps he can't help it,' she said to herself; `his eyes are so VERY nearly at the top of his head.
However, `jury-men' would have done just as well.
The master was an old Turtle--we used to call him Tortoise--'
thought Alice.
`It's the first position in dancing.'
`Of course,' the Mock Turtle said: `advance twice, set to partners--'
`If that's all you know about it, you may stand down,' continued the King.
`I'm glad they've begun asking riddles.--I believe I can guess that,' she added aloud.
and she ran with all speed back to the little door: but, alas!
Just as she said this, she noticed that one of the trees had a door leading right into it.
They very soon came upon a Gryphon, lying fast asleep in the sun.
`Yes, but some crumbs must have got in as well,' the Hatter grumbled: `you shouldn't have put it in with the bread-knife.'
Soo--oop of the e--e--evening, Beautiful, beautiful Soup!
exclaimed Alice.
`You mean you can't take LESS,' said the Hatter: `it's very easy to take MORE than nothing.'
I am so VERY tired of being all alone here!'
said the King.
`Is that all?'
`How fond she is of finding morals in things!'
inquired Alice.
It's by far the most confusing thing I ever heard!'
I'm sure _I_ shan't be able!
Why, I haven't had a wink of sleep these three weeks!'
Don't let him know she liked them best, For this must ever be A secret, kept from all the rest, Between yourself and me.'
`Right, as usual,' said the Duchess: `what a clear way you have of putting things!'
thump!
cried Alice, with a sudden burst of tears, `I do wish they WOULD put their heads down!
`Here!
`That's the most important piece of evidence we've heard yet,' said the King, rubbing his hands; `so now let the jury--'
He says it kills all the rats and--oh dear!'
`I'M not a mile high,' said Alice.
I can't tell you just now what the moral of that is, but I shall remember it in a bit.'
`When did you begin?'
There was nothing so VERY remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so VERY much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself, `Oh dear!
`Get up!'
`I'm a poor man,' the Hatter went on, `and most things twinkled after that--only the March Hare said--'
`Get to your places!'
thought Alice; but she had not long to doubt, for the next moment a shower of little pebbles came rattling in at the window, and some of them hit her in the face.
And the Eaglet bent down its head to hide a smile: some of the other birds tittered audibly.
See how eagerly the lobsters and the turtles all advance!
And they pinched it on both sides at once.
`You're nothing but a pack of cards!'
A bright idea came into Alice's head.
Alice could see this, as she was near enough to look over their slates; `but it doesn't matter a bit,' she thought to herself.
It was opened by another footman in livery, with a round face, and large eyes like a frog; and both footmen, Alice noticed, had powdered hair that curled all over their heads.
Run home this moment, and fetch me a pair of gloves and a fan!
The King and Queen of Hearts were seated on their throne when they arrived, with a great crowd assembled about them--all sorts of little birds and beasts, as well as the whole pack of cards: the Knave was standing before them, in chains, with a soldier on each side to guard him; and near the King was the White Rabbit, with a trumpet in one hand, and a scroll of parchment in the other.
and they all crowded round it, panting, and asking, `But who has won?'
`Oh, YOU sing,' said the Gryphon.
Tell me that first, and then, if I like being that person, I'll come up: if not, I'll stay down here till I'm somebody else"--but, oh dear!'
I'd nearly forgotten that I've got to grow up again!
But at any rate he might answer questions.--How am I to get in?'
the Queen shouted at the top of her voice.
They were just beginning to write this down on their slates, when the White Rabbit interrupted: `UNimportant, your Majesty means, of course,' he said in a very respectful tone, but frowning and making faces at him as he spoke.
In a minute or two the Caterpillar took the hookah out of its mouth and yawned once or twice, and shook itself.
said the Dormouse indignantly.
`Explain yourself!'
The miserable Hatter dropped his teacup and bread-and-butter, and went down on one knee.
The Duchess took her choice, and was gone in a moment.
ever so many lessons to learn!
`Why, you don't even know what they're about!'
said the Rabbit angrily.
said Alice as she picked her way through the wood.
`Nothing,' said Alice.
And she opened the door and went in.
`Boots and shoes under the sea,' the Gryphon went on in a deep voice, `are done with a whiting.
It sounded an excellent plan, no doubt, and very neatly and simply arranged; the only difficulty was, that she had not the smallest idea how to set about it; and while she was peering about anxiously among the trees, a little sharp bark just over her head made her look up in a great hurry.
But they HAVE their tails in their mouths; and the reason is--' here the Mock Turtle yawned and shut his eyes.--`Tell her about the reason and all that,' he said to the Gryphon.
cried Alice hastily, afraid that she had hurt the poor animal's feelings.
`Oh, I know!'
Don't be all day about it!'
`Well, be off, then!'
`How doth the little crocodile Improve his shining tail, And pour the waters of the Nile On every golden scale!
Now I growl when I'm pleased, and wag my tail when I'm angry.
said Five, `and I'll tell him--it was for bringing the cook tulip-roots instead of onions.'
cried the Mouse, who was trembling down to the end of his tail.
`Yes, that's it,' said the Hatter with a sigh: `it's always tea-time, and we've no time to wash the things between whiles.'
The next thing was to eat the comfits: this caused some noise and confusion, as the large birds complained that they could not taste theirs, and the small ones choked and had to be patted on the back.
`I beg your pardon,' said Alice very humbly: `you had got to the fifth bend, I think?'
`I can't go no lower,' said the Hatter: `I'm on the floor, as it is.'
Digging for apples, yer honour!'
won't she be savage if I've kept her waiting!'
So they went up to the Mock Turtle, who looked at them with large eyes full of tears, but said nothing.
said Alice, in a great hurry to change the subject of conversation.
The judge, by the way, was the King; and as he wore his crown over the wig, (look at the frontispiece if you want to see how he did it,) he did not look at all comfortable, and it was certainly not becoming.
`The Dormouse is asleep again,' said the Hatter, and he poured a little hot tea upon its nose.
But the insolence of his Normans--" How are you getting on now, my dear?'
`Beautiful Soup!
The King turned pale, and shut his note-book hastily.
`Nothing whatever,' said Alice.
`Pray don't trouble yourself to say it any longer than that,' said Alice.
the Gryphon went on.
Why, there's hardly room for YOU, and no room at all for any lesson-books!'
`All right, so far,' said the King, and he went on muttering over the verses to himself: `"WE KNOW IT TO BE TRUE--" that's the jury, of course-- "I GAVE HER ONE, THEY GAVE HIM TWO--" why, that must be what he did with the tarts, you know--'
Now, if you only kept on good terms with him, he'd do almost anything you liked with the clock.
Indeed, she had quite a long argument with the Lory, who at last turned sulky, and would only say, `I am older than you, and must know better'; and this Alice would not allow without knowing how old it was, and, as the Lory positively refused to tell its age, there was no more to be said.
she repeated, aloud.
ALICE'S ADVENTURES IN WONDERLAND
Just then her head struck against the roof of the hall: in fact she was now more than nine feet high, and she at once took up the little golden key and hurried off to the garden door.
`Wow!
`Are they in the prisoner's handwriting?'
`Then you shouldn't talk,' said the Hatter.
`You ought to have finished,' said the King.
`She can't explain it,' said the Gryphon hastily.
`I should like to have it explained,' said the Mock Turtle.
`What sort of a dance is it?'
one of the jury asked.
Tell us all about it!'
Alice thought to herself.
Never heard of uglifying!'
Tell her to begin.'
There was certainly too much of it in the air.
`Call the next witness!'
it exclaimed.
Off with his whiskers!'
`And who is Dinah, if I might venture to ask the question?'
said the Footman.
Soup of the evening, beautiful Soup!
This of course, Alice could not stand, and she went round the court and got behind him, and very soon found an opportunity of taking it away.
`IF I don't take this child away with me,' thought Alice, `they're sure to kill it in a day or two: wouldn't it be murder to leave it behind?'
`Don't you mean "purpose"?'
`That's enough about lessons,' the Gryphon interrupted in a very decided tone: `tell her something about the games now.'
Always lay the blame on others!'
The Frog-Footman repeated, in the same solemn tone, only changing the order of the words a little, `From the Queen.
`There's no sort of use in knocking,' said the Footman, `and that for two reasons.
`Swim after them!'
`How the creatures order one about, and make one repeat lessons!'
Alice said nothing; she had sat down with her face in her hands, wondering if anything would EVER happen in a natural way again.
`I only took the regular course.'
`Do I look like it?'
The Gryphon lifted up both its paws in surprise.
`Fourteenth of March, I think it was,' he said.
`They're done with blacking, I believe.'
So they couldn't get them out again.
`That PROVES his guilt,' said the Queen.
`Behead that Dormouse!
He had been looking at Alice for some time with great curiosity, and this was his first speech.
`How am I to get in?'
The Queen turned angrily away from him, and said to the Knave `Turn them over!'
Alice remained looking thoughtfully at the mushroom for a minute, trying to make out which were the two sides of it; and as it was perfectly round, she found this a very difficult question.
`Which would NOT be an advantage,' said Alice, who felt very glad to get an opportunity of showing off a little of her knowledge.
said Alice indignantly.
`She's in prison,' the Queen said to the executioner: `fetch her here.'
And the Gryphon never learnt it.'
As they walked off together, Alice heard the King say in a low voice, to the company generally, `You are all pardoned.'
`In my youth,' said the sage, as he shook his grey locks, `I kept all my limbs very supple By the use of this ointment--one shilling the box-- Allow me to sell you a couple?'
You see, she came rather late, and the Queen said--'
`Are you content now?'
said the Gryphon, half to itself, half to Alice.
You grant that?'
Pinch him!
Sing her "Turtle Soup," will you, old fellow?'
This was not an encouraging opening for a conversation.
* * * * * * *
`May it please your Majesty,' said Two, in a very humble tone, going down on one knee as he spoke, `we were trying--'
* * * * * *
said Alice.
You're mad.'
`Not I!'
`The Queen of Hearts, she made some tarts, All on a summer day: The Knave of Hearts, he stole those tarts, And took them quite away!'
I vote the young lady tells us a story.'
`Come on, then!'
And it'll fetch things when you throw them, and it'll sit up and beg for its dinner, and all sorts of things--I can't remember half of them--and it belongs to a farmer, you know, and he says it's so useful, it's worth a hundred pounds!
Presently the Rabbit came up to the door, and tried to open it; but, as the door opened inwards, and Alice's elbow was pressed hard against it, that attempt proved a failure.
`Your hair wants cutting,' said the Hatter.
`It goes on, you know,' the Hatter continued, `in this way:--
Pat!
`I've seen hatters before,' she said to herself; `the March Hare will be much the most interesting, and perhaps as this is May it won't be raving mad--at least not so mad as it was in March.'
`Give your evidence,' said the King.
said Alice indignantly.
`Are their heads off?'
`I shall sit here,' the Footman remarked, `till tomorrow--'
and read out from his book, `Rule Forty-two.
It was so long since she had been anything near the right size, that it felt quite strange at first; but she got used to it in a few minutes, and began talking to herself, as usual.
I think I may as well go in at once.'
The Cat only grinned when it saw Alice.
You see the earth takes twenty-four hours to turn round on its axis--'
`Curiouser and curiouser!'
`Then you should say what you mean,' the March Hare went on.
`Now tell me, Pat, what's that in the window?'
said the Caterpillar.
said the Cat, as soon as there was mouth enough for it to speak with.
`Oh, hush!'
However, he consented to go on.
A Mad Tea-Party
Don't let me hear the name again!'
she knows such a very little!
the Rabbit asked.
`Dinah'll miss me very much to-night, I should think!'
screamed the Queen.
`Ugh!'
`I can't help it,' said Alice very meekly: `I'm growing.'
`But then,' thought Alice, `shall I NEVER get any older than I am now?
Said the mouse to the cur, "Such a trial, dear Sir, With no jury or judge, would be wasting our breath."
`What a number of cucumber-frames there must be!'
Alice knew it was the Rabbit coming to look for her, and she trembled till she shook the house, quite forgetting that she was now about a thousand times as large as the Rabbit, and had no reason to be afraid of it.
`I'm a--I'm a--'
`The twinkling of the what?'
the Duchess asked, with another dig of her sharp little chin.
`Don't be impertinent,' said the King, `and don't look at me like that!'
The Hatter looked at the March Hare, who had followed him into the court, arm-in-arm with the Dormouse.
`ARE you to get in at all?'
`That's nothing to what I could say if I chose,' the Duchess replied, in a pleased tone.
`Why, what are YOUR shoes done with?'
Alice folded her hands, and began:--
Oh, how I wish I could shut up like a telescope!
Either the well was very deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty of time as she went down to look about her and to wonder what was going to happen next.
`It's the thing Mock Turtle Soup is made from,' said the Queen.
The players all played at once without waiting for turns, quarrelling all the while, and fighting for the hedgehogs; and in a very short time the Queen was in a furious passion, and went stamping about, and shouting `Off with his head!'
`It isn't,' said the Caterpillar.
That'll be a comfort, one way--never to be an old woman-- but then--always to have lessons to learn!
`I quite forgot you didn't like cats.'
`It turned into a pig,' Alice quietly said, just as if it had come back in a natural way.
A Caucus-Race and a Long Tale
`Then it wasn't very civil of you to offer it,' said Alice angrily.
`I don't think they play at all fairly,' Alice began, in rather a complaining tone, `and they all quarrel so dreadfully one can't hear oneself speak--and they don't seem to have any rules in particular; at least, if there are, nobody attends to them--and you've no idea how confusing it is all the things being alive; for instance, there's the arch I've got to go through next walking about at the other end of the ground--and I should have croqueted the Queen's hedgehog just now, only it ran away when it saw mine coming!'
`And ever since that,' the Hatter went on in a mournful tone, `he won't do a thing I ask!
It was the White Rabbit, trotting slowly back again, and looking anxiously about as it went, as if it had lost something; and she heard it muttering to itself `The Duchess!
Alice was just beginning to think to herself, `Now, what am I to do with this creature when I get it home?'
cried the Mouse, sharply and very angrily.
`Leave off that!'
exclaimed Alice.
`Consider your verdict,' the King said to the jury.
Alice noticed with some surprise that the pebbles were all turning into little cakes as they lay on the floor, and a bright idea came into her head.
The long grass rustled at her feet as the White Rabbit hurried by--the frightened Mouse splashed his way through the neighbouring pool--she could hear the rattle of the teacups as the March Hare and his friends shared their never-ending meal, and the shrill voice of the Queen ordering off her unfortunate guests to execution--once more the pig-baby was sneezing on the Duchess's knee, while plates and dishes crashed around it--once more the shriek of the Gryphon, the squeaking of the Lizard's slate-pencil, and the choking of the suppressed guinea-pigs, filled the air, mixed up with the distant sobs of the miserable Mock Turtle.
Alice considered a little, and then said `The fourth.'
Alice had no idea what to do, and in despair she put her hand in her pocket, and pulled out a box of comfits, (luckily the salt water had not got into it), and handed them round as prizes.
So she stood still where she was, and waited.
`I won't indeed!'
the little door was shut again, and the little golden key was lying on the glass table as before, `and things are worse than ever,' thought the poor child, `for I never was so small as this before, never!
said the King, with an air of great relief.
`Would you tell me, please, which way I ought to go from here?'
`Digging for apples, indeed!'
you may nurse it a bit, if you like!'
`Take off your hat,' the King said to the Hatter.
However, she did not like to be rude, so she bore it as well as she could.
`Come, my head's free at last!'
the Mock Turtle persisted.
`I see!'
`You shan't be beheaded!'
`Go on with the next verse.'
CHAPTER XII
The executioner's argument was, that you couldn't cut off a head unless there was a body to cut it off from: that he had never had to do such a thing before, and he wasn't going to begin at HIS time of life.
A little bright-eyed terrier, you know, with oh, such long curly brown hair!
(and she tried to curtsey as she spoke--fancy CURTSEYING as you're falling through the air!
She had not gone much farther before she came in sight of the house of the March Hare: she thought it must be the right house, because the chimneys were shaped like ears and the roof was thatched with fur.
`Keep your temper,' said the Caterpillar.
`What trial is it?'
One of the jurors had a pencil that squeaked.
the King added in an offended tone, and everybody laughed, `Let the jury consider their verdict,' the King said, for about the twentieth time that day.
So Alice began telling them her adventures from the time when she first saw the White Rabbit.
', holding her hand on the top of her head to feel which way it was growing, and she was quite surprised to find that she remained the same size: to be sure, this generally happens when one eats cake, but Alice had got so much into the way of expecting nothing but out-of-the-way things to happen, that it seemed quite dull and stupid for life to go on in the common way.
the Gryphon replied very solemnly.
The Dormouse slowly opened his eyes.
* * * * * * *
`I mean, what makes them so shiny?'
It was so large a house, that she did not like to go nearer till she had nibbled some more of the lefthand bit of mushroom, and raised herself to about two feet high: even then she walked up towards it rather timidly, saying to herself `Suppose it should be raving mad after all!
`Found IT,' the Mouse replied rather crossly: `of course you know what "it" means.'
The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for some way, and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep well.
said Alice aloud, addressing nobody in particular.
`I've seen a good many little girls in my time, but never ONE with such a neck as that!
Mary Ann!'
`--you advance twice--'
(Alice had been to the seaside once in her life, and had come to the general conclusion, that wherever you go to on the English coast you find a number of bathing machines in the sea, some children digging in the sand with wooden spades, then a row of lodging houses, and behind them a railway station.)
`I haven't the slightest idea,' said the Hatter.
Why, I wouldn't say anything about it, even if I fell off the top of the house!'
asked Alice again, in a louder tone.
This did not seem to encourage the witness at all: he kept shifting from one foot to the other, looking uneasily at the Queen, and in his confusion he bit a large piece out of his teacup instead of the bread-and-butter.
`Oh, don't talk about trouble!'
Go on!'
`Which is just the case with MINE,' said the Hatter.
`Hadn't time,' said the Gryphon: `I went to the Classics master, though.
she exclaimed in a tone of great dismay, and began picking them up again as quickly as she could, for the accident of the goldfish kept running in her head, and she had a vague sort of idea that they must be collected at once and put back into the jury-box, or they would die.
* * * * * * *
The Knave shook his head sadly.
I--'
`That's very curious!'
cried the Mouse, in a shrill, passionate voice.
`I heard the Queen say only yesterday you deserved to be beheaded!'
wow!
`Write that down,' the King said to the jury, and the jury eagerly wrote down all three dates on their slates, and then added them up, and reduced the answer to shillings and pence.
said Alice, swallowing down her anger as well as she could.
said the King, going up to Alice, and looking at the Cat's head with great curiosity.
I suppose I ought to eat or drink something or other; but the great question is, what?'
Imagine her surprise, when the White Rabbit read out, at the top of his shrill little voice, the name `Alice!'
Half-past one, time for dinner!'
`To begin with,' said the Cat, `a dog's not mad.
`I don't know the meaning of half those long words, and, what's more, I don't believe you do either!'
(Which was very likely true.)
his scaly friend replied.
The poor little Lizard, Bill, was in the middle, being held up by two guinea-pigs, who were giving it something out of a bottle.
`Come, THAT'S a good thing!'
`Hand it over here,' said the Dodo.
`It's the stupidest tea-party I ever was at in all my life!'
from the Gryphon, and the constant heavy sobbing of the Mock Turtle.
And so she went on, taking first one side and then the other, and making quite a conversation of it altogether; but after a few minutes she heard a voice outside, and stopped to listen.
`I do,' Alice hastily replied; `at least--at least I mean what I say--that's the same thing, you know.'
Beau--ootiful Soo--oop!
`Don't talk nonsense,' said Alice more boldly: `you know you're growing too.'
Alice guessed in a moment that it was looking for the fan and the pair of white kid gloves, and she very good-naturedly began hunting about for them, but they were nowhere to be seen--everything seemed to have changed since her swim in the pool, and the great hall, with the glass table and the little door, had vanished completely.
said the Cat.
But the snail replied "Too far, too far!"
`Hold your tongue!'
But if I'm not the same, the next question is, Who in the world am I?
`I won't!'
"Up above the world you fly, Like a tea-tray in the sky.
`Perhaps it hasn't one,' Alice ventured to remark.
`I should like to hear her try and repeat something now.
Soon her eye fell on a little glass box that was lying under the table: she opened it, and found in it a very small cake, on which the words `EAT ME' were beautifully marked in currants.
said the King.
`Nobody seems to like her, down here, and I'm sure she's the best cat in the world!
`And washing?'
said Alice, in a coaxing tone, and she tried hard to whistle to it; but she was terribly frightened all the time at the thought that it might be hungry, in which case it would be very likely to eat her up in spite of all her coaxing.
Oh!
`It proves nothing of the sort!'
`Hush!
`I'll fetch the executioner myself,' said the King eagerly, and he hurried off.
`The game's going on rather better now,' she said, by way of keeping up the conversation a little.
cried the Mock Turtle.
`Is that the way YOU manage?'
But there seemed to be no chance of this, so she began looking at everything about her, to pass away the time.
`Everything's got a moral, if only you can find it.'